
Second Floor Office Spaces overlooking historic Oak Street in downtown Roanoke, The Unique Dining Capital of Texas. Suite A is 1680 SF and priced at $25 per SF plus $7.50 NNN. The Suite has 3 offices, reception, conference, workroom and breakroom. Buyer to verify all measurements, taxes, HOA fees, schools & all other information.
This listing 409 N Oak #216, Roanoke, TX 76262 is a commercial listing with and approximately 12,425 square feet on a lot of 20,909 sqft (or 0.48 acres). 409 N Oak #216 was built in 2016. 409 N Oak #216 is located in Roanoke and in ZIP Code 76262. It has been listed on our site since 2018-09-13 16:11:34.
Our Weave Print has been reimagined in beautiful earthy tones this winter. This midi-length jersey dress is made from super comfy and flattering cotton-spandex fabric, digitally printed with our original design. The dress also features a mid-thigh split on the right side.
Style this dress casual with white sneakers, or a little edgier with some chunky boots, the choice is yours!
NEW YORK, Dec. 12, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- On Tuesday, December 11, 2012, Happy Hearts Fund (HHF),Petra Nemcova and special guest Carlos Slim hosted the 2012 Happy Hearts Fund Land of Dreams: Mexico Gala at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York City where a partnership between the Carlos Slim Foundation and Happy Hearts Fund was announced. The partnership will rebuild schools in Mexico beginning in Veracruz. Founded by Petra Nemcova in 2006, Happy Hearts Fund is a nonprofit organization dedicated to rebuilding schools and restoring hope and opportunity in the lives of children after natural disaster. Happy Hearts Fund works during the period after emergency response is complete, implementing sustainable practices to ensure a lasting impact.
As guests entered the Metropolitan Pavilion they were given a 'passport' and greeted by flight attendants who invited them to be transported to cities throughout Mexico visually and artistically for a unique and interactive sensory experience. Each year the Land of Dream's Gala showcases the treasures of a country where Happy Hearts Fund has a presence. "Tonight was about celebrating the treasures of Mexico, rebuilding schools and the importance of a sustained response after natural disasters. Our guests from around the world have shown how interdependent we are and how coming together we can transform the world", stated Founder and Chair, Petra Nemcova.
Accepting the Honored Partner award was Lynne Greene, Group President, The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. / Global President, Clinique. Clinique, a leader in global beauty, recently announced a multi-year partnership with Happy Hearts Fund, that included the launch of a limited edition "Happy Heart" 30ml fragrance and t-shirt with the message 'Make Someone Happy' that will benefit Happy Hearts Fund.
"Education is the single greatest opportunity one can give to a child. It is the passport to brighter possibilities, transforming individuals, families and communities along the way. Together with Happy Hearts Fund, it is our mission to put a smile on the face of every child we touch and together we can accomplish great things" said Lynne Greene, Group President, The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. / Global President, Clinique.
During the Gala it was announced that United Airlines has become the official airline of Happy Hearts Fund. Phillip Caputo, Happy Hearts Fund Executive Director, speaking about the United partnership stated, "Having a global airline partner gives Happy Hearts the opportunity of having a direct presence at our schools around the world. United has long shown a commitment to natural disaster response by providing much needed logistical support and transporting of life-saving supplies. Now, through this partnership, United is again leading the way by making a commitment to the sustained response of natural disasters".
Happy Hearts Fund presented Howard G. Buffett, President of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation, with the Lifetime Achievement Award and announced their partnership which begins with the rebuilding of a school in Peru. Don Juan Beckmann Vidal, Chairman of Jose Cuervo was award the Heart of Gold Award for his philanthropic work throughout Mexico. Simon de Pury, the evening's auctioneer entertained the guests with his humor and passion for the event. The evening's auction raised nearly$2.2 million to build 30 new schools in disaster affected areas of Peru, Indonesia, Haiti and in Mexico.
Nicole Lapin served as the evening's emcee and guests were entertained by five-time Grammy Award winner Marc Anthony. The audience was captivated by singers from the Sociedad Internacional de Valores de Arte Mexicano Foundation (SIVAM) and 11 year old student Stephanie Lopez Lopez of Tabasco, Mexico who delighted the audience with her dancing.
Happy Hearts Fund is active in six countries and has built or rebuilt over 70 schools and kindergartens. Since its inception, the Fund's programs have benefited more than 40,000 children and 337,000 community members.

A letter to United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
We, the undersigned, hereby are making a plea for your assistance in saving the life of one of an innocent, Mr. Saeed Malekpour, whose life is in imminent danger in Iran.
As you are probably aware, Mr. Malekpour (a Canadian resident) was detained on October 2008, by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards’ intelligence service on charges of cybercrime while he was travelling in Iran to visit his family, and was subsequently sentenced to death. These accusations, nevertheless, have been strongly rejected by Mr. Malekpour, and most of the evidence against him used in the court has been based on forced testimony extracted through torture and severe pressure.
Furthermore, the court was held behind closed doors, and the court rejected repeated requests by the accused and his lawyers to call upon a cyber expert to testify. His death sentence has now been upheld, and it can be carried out at any moment now.
The only request of the accused and his lawyers to the judiciary branch of the Islamic Republic of Iran is to lift the death sentence and to hold another trial, this time a just and public one, with expert testimony from cyber crime experts. This request has so far remained unanswered by the judiciary officials in Iran.
We therefore respectfully ask you to, as the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, please follow up on Mr. Malekpour’s case and request that the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran lift the death sentence and hold a public and fair trial, one in line with the international obligations of the country and the requirements of the International Declaration of Human Rights.
We also would like to express our deepest gratitude for your cooperation on this humanitarian issue.


.…China coal use is up not down, contrary to popular opinion, and renewables are never going to change it. Only our LNG and China fracking will [...]
Oil and gas drilling equipment is a common sight in Weld County. It’s now becoming a more regular sight closer to the Denver metro area. Colorado [...]
Editor’s Note: This is a satire piece from The Collegian’s opinion section. Real names may be used in fictitious/semi-fictitious ways. Those who [...]
The oil and gas industry is hailing a new fossil fuel project—dubbed LNG Canada—as a huge breakthrough that supposedly shows that it’s [...]
A major protest against climate change is planned for the Preston New Road fracking site at Little PlumptonRead More
Voters in Colorado have rejected a measure that would have added buffer zones for new oil and gas drilling areas. Read More
In Pennsylvania, the release of fracking water has been banned in 2011, but traces from before the ban are still visible in aquatic [...]
A fracking firm caught up in a growing public outcry over earthquakes has made a staggering demand, as reported in the Times. It says that the [...]

Philip co-founded the The HATCH Ostinato Project, a global platform for creatives, educators, and students to grow and empower future leaders. The initiative was born from the HATCH Experience in Big Sky, Montana that empowers the next generation of musicians to find their voice through composition and production.
The HATCH Ostinato Project was formed to empower students to realize that they can compose music by removing inhibitive barriers common to the underserved music classroom, enabling them to experience original, fully realized sounds. The program matches composers and industry musicians with schools and music classes to allow for collaboration on music creation, resulting in professional music production.
The music the kids and composers create together is made into CDs, released on music stores online, and may also be licensed for commercial use. 100% of the revenue generated through CD sales goes directly back into the music program that originated the music and the licensing revenue serves to support the entire HATCH Ostinato Project program. Beyond providing critical support for arts education, the HATCH Ostinato Project engages students in creative thinking and problem solving at a critical age, improving their self-confidence and excitement for their education.
Photos from Andover's 4-1 victory over Exeter. (Photos by John Hurley, David Fricke, Neil Evans and Stephen Porter)
PCSO LOTTO RESULT – Here is the result for the August 17, 2018 draw of the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) EZ2 Lotto. Updates of the EZ2 result is refreshed every 11AM, 4PM and 9PM.
The only time you can win the jackpot prize is if you are able to match all six (6) numbers drawn in any order. Yes, in any arrangement. If you were able to get 3, 4, or even 5 numbers of the winning 6-number combination, in any order, you are still qualified to win prizes.

...2019 Ford Taurus Sho Specs And Interior Review – The Taurus group of autos has usually centered on ease and comfort, and just recently, the organization extra the 2019...
Employers must support career returners to tackle skills shortages, says new guide | Engineering & Technology Jobs
A new guide published today by the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) and Prospect trade union, provides guidance to STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) employers on how to attract a wider talent pool, including career returners.
Best practice tips for employers highlighted in the guide include: offering flexible working, reviewing policies and benefits; rethinking how and where they advertise jobs; explaining to recruitment agencies that they welcome returners; and developing a more inclusive and diverse internal culture.
Supporting the step back into STEM careers also highlights outdated perceptions that career breaks are obstacles and interruptions – and points out that highly skilled and experienced engineers and other STEM professional wanting to return to the workplace are often side-lined in favour of candidates with continuous service and this is exacerbating the skills shortage.
Jeremy Watson, IET President, said: “The guide comes hot on the heels of the government’s new investment in schemes to help returners back into the workplace. As the engineering skills shortage continues to grow, our sector must move away from the misconception that career breaks get in the way and are a problem.
“Instead, STEM employers should view career breaks as periods of self-development and develop a culture that accommodates and values these breaks and the skills and competence of those members of staff that are currently being overlooked and side-lined.”
Lee Allen, Commercial Director at Jobsite said: “Female candidates and those returning from a career break are a great pool of untapped talent and have so much to offer the engineering sector.
“It’s vitally important that employers make it clear through their recruitment advertising that they’re happy to consider returners on a level playing field with all other candidates. Skilled returners with lots of experience can play a vital role in reducing the engineering skills shortage.”
International Women's Day 2017: Meet the UK women ruling the tech industry This will open in a new window
"Instructing students in using their engineering skills to maximize the business and social impact of commercializing new biologics/products."
Michael L. King is a professor of practice in the Department of Chemical Engineering. He received his B.S.degree in chemical engineering from VA Tech, M.S. from the University of Virginia and Ph.D. from University of Delaware. Mike had a significant 32-year industrial experience at Merck and Co, Inc. including responsibilities in both the research and manufacturing areas related to the commercialization of new pharmaceuticals and vaccines. He retired as senior VP and advisor to the chairman, president and CEO after a long assignment as senior VP of Science and Technology. He came to UVA in 2007 as The Brenton S. Halsey Distinguished Visiting Professor. He continued as lecturer to help develop the Engineering School's engineering business minor and was appointed professor of practice in 2013.
In addition to his academic roles, Mike serves as a subject matter expert on chemistry, manufacturing and control for commercialization of biopharmaceuticals. He is currently engaged with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in helping derisk commercialization of a new vaccine technology. He also serves on the board of directors of Engineering Conferences International and is a member of the Delaware INBRE (Idea Network of Biomedical Excellence) External Advisory Committee for their NIH program.
His industrial career experience led him to develop an appreciation for the many challenges faced in new product innovation and commercialization, especially for pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Mike leverages those experiences to teach UVA Engineering's business minor course, “The Business of New Product Development,” as well as a special topics course on biologics commercialization. Additionally he has strong interests in the areas of leadership, strategy development, organizational design, team effectiveness and change management. He also enjoys coaching students in career planning and helping them find positions to launch their careers.

I grew up listening to baseball on the radio. I first discovered it as a nine year old in 1976 when I stumbled upon KDKA carrying the rhythmic, ritualistic broadcasts of the Pittsburgh Pirates. When I started playing baseball in the spring of 1977, I became completely hooked on the calls of Milo Hamilton and the young Lanny Frattare. Radio is, admittedly, my third choice for following a baseball game. Attending the game is first, no doubt, followed by watching it on TV. Radio brings up the rear.
And yet, as I am currently sitting in the evening breeze of the western NY countryside, sitting by a mellow fire, listening the delightful verbal jaunts of Greg Brown and Bob Walk while I write this blog post, I cannot imagine that I would rather be watching it on TV or even in person.
Baseball already has a slow, deliberate pace—perfect for gabbing, laughing, eating, and drinking. Baseball allows one to breathe, using boredom as an art form to build tension and unsurpassed drama when the game is on the line. Baseball eschews time, allows fate to be fulfilled no matter how preposterous. Radio heightens all of this.
Baseball on radio allows you to paint your own picture while working on something else. Baseball on radio is a story, many stories, highlighted by announcers who can fill in the dead air with anecdotes, silliness, and in-depth analysis. It’s a series of crescendos—nine of them actually. Voices are magnified, great plays become improbable plays in your mind, homeruns are always Ruthian, and hard hit balls have a beautiful crack of the bat—a literal crack, that historically relevant sound of wound wool and leather on ash. Each pitch is measured, each move accounted for, each run emphasized by the natural excitement of the announcer.
Posted in Life	| Tagged baseball, broadcasting, greg brown, mlb, Pittsburgh Pirates, radio	| Leave a reply
Opening day of baseball. It’s an important rite in my life and has been since I was young boy. It’s the quintessential American way to finally put winter to rest – regardless of the actual weather.
I’ve loved baseball ever since, as a nine-year-old boy, I started listening to the Pirates broadcasts of Milo Hamilton and Lanny Frattare. Hamilton didn’t last long in Pittsburgh but Frattare managed to broadcast Pirates games for thirty-three years.
There’s something uniquely American about baseball. Much of the world doesn’t understand it, and, living overseas before the Internet, I was cut off from the game for many long stretches in my life. But every chance that I had to get a hold of an American newspaper, I would check the standings and, of course, the box scores. I do love my statistics.
In this day and age, living overseas and watching Major League Baseball is not difficult task. A quick MLB subscription and I can watch every out of market game (which in Malaysia is all of them) live or on archive. It’s quite amazing.
I especially love when I have days off. The game will start at 7 AM my time. I can eat breakfast while watching and let my morning slowly take shape. By 10, the game is done and I have the entire day still ahead of me. On work days, well, at least I still have the archive feature.
Baseball is the most unique and best game ever created. It’s remarkable, actually. It’s a throwback, a lazy afternoon, a chat with neighbors, a moment of boredom leading to a minute of euphoria. It’s unlike any other game. How you ask? I’ll answer with a series of questions of my own.
What other game has such a uniquely shaped field? The perfect diamond of the infield, and the green, fanning grass of the outfield which can end at any number of distinct and creative fence outlines. No standardization here.
What other game is an individual struggle in the midst of a team sport? I had a former boss who said it perfectly about baseball: it enables kids (and adults) the fertile moment in the spotlight – each better gets his individual turn to shine in success or have to deal with the outcome of defeat. Although individual success on the field is no assurance of victory because it’s a team sport. Someone has said that if baseball had been invented by the ancient Athenians, then the gods of Olympus would have settled their scores with a rousing pitcher-batter duel.
Posted in Life	| Tagged american pastime, baseball, national pastime, opening day, Pittsburgh Pirates, supremacy of baseball	| Leave a reply
As spring training starts, I realized now that it would be silly not to publish my bottle photos from last summer. After all, now it is safe. The curse has been broken.
There’s no sport like baseball. Nothing else can even come close. It’s perfectly elegant, cerebral, conversational, and the most superstitious of them all.
As a Pirates fan, I know a thing or two about superstition and curses. You see, they had losing records starting in 1993 right through 2012. 20 straight seasons.
The 2013 campaign was going swimmingly smooth – downright frightfully exciting, actually. And then the bottle incident occurred.
I was taking some friends on a road trip in Malaysia. We had made it a couple hours out of Penang when we stopped at a rest area. The car wouldn’t start. We called for service and after three excruciating hours waiting for the new dynamo to be replaced, we were finally ready to go. I went to grab my Pirates water bottle out of the back of the car when I remembered that I had put the bottle near the back window. It had been staring at the Malaysian sun through glass for the last three hours. It was a melted mess.
I thought of nothing else other than it must be a bad baseball omen. I was mortified that this could only mean one thing, my team was once again destined for a fall. I took a couple pictures of the bottle and said goodbye, but I knew I couldn’t jinx anything by mentioning it to anyone or by writing about it. I had to hide the sun’s evil deeds, and I hoped that the baseball gods did not have their satellite fixed on Malaysia during that hot July day.
As the team did the city proud by breaking the cursed 20-year losing streak and by making it to the playoffs, I actually had forgotten about the water bottle.
Now I realize that the bottle was not signifying an ending, but a new beginning. The bottle, mangled in the sun, sacrificed itself for the good of the fans, bringing down the 20-year jinx.
This summer I’ll once again get a chance to travel to Pittsburgh and I intend to buy a new replacement bottle.
Finally, the long idle winter months are beginning to thaw as the 9 inch sphere is magically thrown around the diamond.
As you may have gathered, I’m a huge Pittsburgh Pirates fan. I don’t typically write about sports on my blog, but I couldn’t let the momentous passing of the worst losing streak in the history of North American sports pass without some sort of commemoration. On Monday night, the Pirates beat the Rangers and clinched their 82 victory of the year, ensuring themselves their first winning season since 1992. So not to bore you non-baseball fans out there, I thought I’d put it in political perspective to see just how long their losing streak was. (Come to think of it, I might bore more people talking about politics. Oh, well.)
Their losing streak started in October of 1992 when they lost the National League Championship Series in a heart-breaking fashion in game seven.
A month later, Bill Clinton was elected, but Monica Lewinsky wouldn’t become a household name for another six years.
By the end of the 1990s, the Federal Government was running a yearly budget SURPLUS! Now doesn’t that seem like forever ago!
2000 – We all broadened our vocabulary by learning what a “hanging chad” was. Thanks Florida. And the presidency was decided by the Supreme Court. And why not? CNN couldn’t make up its mind on its own about who won.
Then came Afghanistan, then Iraq, then Iraq some more, then Bush’s re-election in 2004. Then the surge two years later.
The bubble burst. Housing foreclosures and economic downturn. Don’t forget stimulus. I was in Malaysia and got a check from the government. ??? I thought that was bizarre.
Then 2013. The end of 20 losing seasons. Politics can once again be pushed aside, allowing American’s bloodiest sport (politics) to finally once again (for me) take second fiddle to America’s purest sport.
Their losing streak lasted 6 election cycles – 4 presidents – two censuses – the deaths of three presidents (Ford, Nixon, Reagan). (And don’t forget the Internet explosion – Thanks, Al Gore.)
Posted in Current Events, History & Culture	| Tagged Afghanistan, Bush, Clinton, Iraq, losing streak, Obama, Pittsburgh Pirates, politics, presidential politics	| Leave a reply
My grandpa, whom I never had the privilege of knowing, was a staunch Republican. He ran a modest country store during the Great Depression and war years in Sarver, PA. All summer long he would have the radio on listening to Rowsey Rowswell call the play-by-play for his beloved Pittsburgh Pirates. (I have to lament a little here. My mother talks about all of the baseball cards that she had from the store throughout the 1940s. She admits they must have been thrown away. I shutter to think about it.)
When the country store talk eventually found itself in the political arena, my grandpa would be sure to show his displeasure for Roosevelt, and you have to admit, 12 years of FDR and the Democrats would have given the Republicans plenty to complain about.
By 1946, my grandpa would have plenty more to complain about. The Pirates went 63-91, setting off on 12 years of mostly futile play. After the 1952 season when the Pirates were an unbelievably horrible 40-112, it must have been quite the consolation for him when Ike won the presidency in November, putting the White House back in control for the first time since Hoover handed over the reins to FDR in March of 1932.
The 1953 Pirates lost 104 games. The 1954 Pirates lost 101. At least he could read about Ike’s golf scores in the paper.
By the end of the 50’s, things were looking up for the Pittsburgh franchise. They had a winning season in 1958, and after stumbling back in 1959, were poised to compete for a pennant in 1960. There was another competition on the horizon, however. Nixon vs. Kennedy for the White House.
My grandfather, the WASP that he was, could not fathom a Catholic in the White House – and the prospect of a catholic Democrat made it all the more sinister.
But baseball took center stage first in the fall of 1960 – and what a fall it was! The Pittsburgh Pirates entering their first World Series in 33 years – a rematch of the 1927 series versus the dreaded New York Yankees.
That was a series for the ages, and my grandpa, who suffered through decades of bad teams, was finally rewarded when Bill Mazeroski hit a walk-off, series winning home run in the bottom of the 9th inning at Pittsburgh’s Forbes Field to do the impossible – beat the Yankees and win the series.
A month later, fortunes were not as favorable for my grandfather as Kennedy squeaked by Nixon in one of the closest elections of all time.
My grandfather died of a heart attack the next day. My mother says he couldn’t have taken it – having a catholic Democrat in the White House.


This page should have details of our activities both past and future. For more details on any of them, contact Dr Jonathan Jarrett at <j.jarrett@leeds.ac.uk>.
A fully comparative approach to what it meant to establish, live in or contest a frontier or border zone, as shown by the societies of late Antiquity and the Middle Ages, can help build a new shared understanding of the processes at work where borders are laid down or transgressed. The project Rethinking the Medieval Frontier has been exploring such ideas since 2015. Its first one-day conference, made possible by a British Academy/Leverhulme Trust Small ResearchGrant, will take place on 10th April 2018.
… the network will be looking for historical perspectives on a number of very current questions, such as: who is allowed across borders, by whom and why? How well has such control worked, and what has happened when it did or didn’t? How do we define where borders and frontier spaces are, and who gets to do the definition?
The Chuck Berry Revue. Rick Hoey Bell pays an authentic homage to poet, showman, guitar slinger, rock and roll pioneer Chuck Berry. Augmented by a stellar band performing classic and eclectic gems from Chuck's classic 1955-1966 Chess recordings era, this show is a hot ticket item. Tell Beethoven to Roll Over when School Days are through. Pick up those Little Queenie's, Carol, Nadine and Maybelline and cruise to The House Of Blue Lights at the Retreat Hotel Sun 15th July 3-5pm where there will be Too Much Monkey Business as you rock Around and Around.

So sorry to hear about your Grandma Ingrid. May she rest in peace, I am sure she knows she was very much loved by you and your family. Sending lots of love and prayers to you and family during this time. Take care – x
I have about 4 Aug grandmother died, 14 years ago. And on August 7 is my birthday. Strange feelings.
I am so sorry to hear of your going through this. I lost my own grandmother last week. It has been a sad week. I completely understand how confusing it feels. Mine left us having had a wonderful life, she was peaceful and I flew in just in time to see her before she left us.
The sad thing is though I know she too gets to go back and be with other people she loved, I will miss her so much. I keep crying too. I’m so glad that you have good support around you too. It helps. Sending love.
I am so sorry for your loss, and thank you for sharing that personal part of your life with us. You don’t need to explain why you haven’t been active. I hope that God will comfort you and your family during this hard time. Do know that your great grandma is so proud of all that you have achieved.


If you don't get a reply within 2 business days, please send an inquiry directly to worldwide@croooober.com.
If you don't get the reply within 2 business days, please send an inquiry directly to worldwide@croooober.com.
If you don't get the reply within 2 business days, please send an inquiry directly to worldwide@croooobet.com.
The request for your order has been sent to the Croooober Customer Service. Soon we will reply to your inquiry.The working days are Monday to Friday 11:00 - 19:00 (JST), Saturday・Sunday・Public Holidays are Offday. If you have something very urgent please contact this number:+8145-988-2366
Please donate us your valuable 2 minutes to make our service better by answering the simple questions below.
The request for your order has been sent to the Croooober Customer Service. Soon we will reply to your inquiry.
Working days are Monday to Saturday 10:00 - 18:00 (JST), Sunday・Public Holidays are Offday. Please replace the request again if you do not get reply in 3 working days.


Yearly Plant Care Schedule for a Christmas Cactus. Spring - Fertilize after flowering. Summer - Move outdoors to shady area. Maintain water and fertilizer. Fall - Move indoors before frost. Maintain drier soil. Winter - Put it in a location where it will get four to six hours of indirect sunlight. Keep soil moist.
Care. As soon as the top inch of soil in the container feels dry to the touch, soak the soil until water runs through the pot's drainage holes; discard water in the tray so the plant doesn't sit in water. From spring through early fall, feed every 2 weeks with a complete houseplant fertilizer.
In this guide you'll learn the basics on how to care for a Christmas Cactus. Make your home more colorful this year with this beautiful house plant.
Learn how to care for Christmas Cactus to add a burst of bright red flowers around the. The Christmas cactus is a long lived plant with flat, segmented stems.

About an hour outside of Los Angeles in Simi Valley, CA you find the The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and Museum. No matter what your political persuasion the library is filled with memorabilia that will accommodate your interests. This is a national treasure not to be missed, and the panorama is fabulous as well.
The Museum’s location is fantastic atop a hill with magnificent views in all directions. The approach creates a sense of the grandeur of history as you pass a series of banners of all the Presidents. Upon entering the Library, you are welcomed by a statue of Ronald and Nancy Reagan.
On the opposite side of the admissions area is the President’s final resting place which peacefully overlooks stunning mountains and the Pacific Ocean in the distance.
The museum takes visitors through the Reagan life story in some detail. It features his role in changing the US political agenda, his recovery from the assassination attempt, his role in international relations, and his relationship with Nancy. In contrast, the museum is somewhat quiet about his cabinet (they are not even captioned in the photos), his children who are pictured only in the context of mourning Reagan after his death, and his other close political collaborators.
The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and Museum has everything from the Air Force One/Marine One Exhibit and campaign memorabilia, to an identical replica of Reagan’s oval office, personal family exhibits, and historical displays. I was especially moved by the touching display of letters and telegrams to Mrs. Reagan over their many years together. They also have a piece of the North Tower from the World Trade Center damaged by 9/11, as well as a piece of the Berlin Wall displayed. We enjoyed the murals and wall-sized pictures throughout the museum which recreated both Reagan’s life and the history of the 1980s.
The museum open daily from 10 a.m – 5 p.m. seven days a week, except New Year’s Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. Admission Fees are Adults $16, Seniors $13, Kids 11-17 $9, Children 5-10 $6. Children 4 and under are free.
If you’re in the area and have a few hours, it’s definitely worth the visit. You are allowed to take pictures but no flash photography is permitted. No pictures are allowed inside of Air Force One.
Here’s a catalogue of some of my published and upcoming poetry. Most poems are only available in print, but if there’s a hyperlink – follow it and enjoy!
‘On Opening a Love Note Delivered by Snail’ / ‘Over the Fence’ – The Emma Press Anthology of Love, from The Emma Press (January 2018)
‘Aparted‘ / ‘Marriage and Black Holes‘ / ‘White‘- In Between Hangovers (February, March, & April 2017)
‘Hasn’t Anyone Told You Cracking Your Knuckles is an Ugly Habit’ – Pankhearst ‘See into the Dark’ Slim Volume (May 2016)
‘Jellyfish of Desire‘ / ‘Skins‘ / ‘Hasn’t Anyone Told You Cracking Your Knuckles is an Ugly Habit‘ – Neon Literary Magazine (February 2016)

My fabric designs are available in my Spoonflower Shop. They can be printed on a wide range of fabric: cotton, silk, satin, crêpe de Chine, lycra, knit, Jersey, etc.

Sven Grünberg (November 24, 1956, Estonian SSR) is an Estonian ambient and progressive rock composer and musician most known for his meditative organ and electronic works involving the concepts of Tibetan Buddhism. He has collaborated with the film director Olav Neuland and written the soundtracks for the most of his films. In the 1970s Sven Grünberg was the leader of the progressive rock band Mess, which was founded by him in January 1974 together with Härmo Härm.

These No Fear Casual Trainers have that knitted touch. In with the fashion and dead comfy. These will have your feet breathing happy and your heals hopping all day.


Currently, one of the major problems in software development and maintenance, specially in academia, is managing packages across time and systems. An application developed under a particular package manager using a certain set of packages does not always work reliably when ported to a different system or when abandoned for a period of time and picked up again with newer versions of the packages. In this report, we provide and describe Platform Migrator, a software that makes it easy to test applications across systems by identifying various packages in the base system, figuring out their corresponding equivalents in the new system and testing whether the software works as expected on the new system. Platform migrator can migrate software written and set up inside a conda environment to any Linux based system with conda or some other package manager. The philosophy of platform migrator is to identify a closure of the required dependencies for the software being migrated using the conda environment metadata and then use that closure to install the various dependencies on the target system. This documentation provides comprehensive details on how to use platform migrator and what it does internally to migrate software from one system to another. It also contains tutorials and case studies that can be replicated for better understanding of the process.
Title: On the Solution of Elliptic Partial Differential Equations on Regions with Corners III: Curved Boundaries
In this report we investigate the solution of boundary value problems for elliptic partial differential equations on domains with corners. Previously, we observed that when, in the case of polygonal domains, the boundary value problems are formulated as boundary integral equations of classical potential theory, the solutions are representable by series of certain elementary functions. Here, we extend this observation to the general case of regions with boundaries consisting of analytic curves meeting at corners. We show that the solutions near the corners have the same leading terms as in the polygonal case, plus a series of corrections involving products of the leading terms with integer powers and powers of logarithms. Furthermore, we show that if the curve in the vicinity of a corner approximates a polygon to order \(k\), then the correction added to the leading terms will vanish like \(O(t^k)\), where \(t\) is the distance from the corner.
Consider the goal of visiting every part of a room that is not blocked by obstacles. Doing so efficiently requires both sensors and planning. Our findings suggest a method of inexpensive optical range finding for robotic room traversal. Our room traversal algorithm relies upon the approximate distance from the robot to the nearest obstacle in 360 degrees. We then choose the path with the furthest approximate distance. Since millimeter-precision is not required for our problem, we have opted to develop our own laser range finding solution, in lieu of using more common, but also expensive solutions like light detection and ranging (LIDAR). Rather, our solution uses a laser that casts a visible dot on the target and a common camera (an iPhone, for example). Based upon where in the camera frame the laser dot is detected, we may calculate an angle between our target and the laser aperture. Using this angle and the known distance between the camera eye and the laser aperture, we may solve all sides of a trigonometric model which provides the distance between the robot and the target.

Sending condolences and warm embraces from New York. I have no doubt that your Grandma was so incredibly proud of you, a loving family always breeds happiness and longevity. Sending hugs.. xo
Much love to you and your family. It never really passes but it does get better. My grandad passed many years ago, I have many happy memories of him and us but they make me cry each time I recall them, happy and sad. Remember her fondly, I have no doubt its what she would want for you, you sound like you were very close xx


Founded in London in 1995 as a private members’ club for people in the creative industries, SoHo House has opened clubs across Europe and North America, as well as cinemas and restaurants. Many of the clubs serve as a home away from home offering luxurious amenities of an exclusive hotel. Prospective members must be nominated by two existing members of any House….except The Little Beach House Malibu, which is part of the SoHo House brand. The new Southern California location is so exclusive that even existing SoHo House members have to go through a separate application process to accepted as a member of the Malibu location. Membership to the Malibu location is reported to be only be available to residents, and people who work or have a connection to Malibu or its immediate coastal areas. The Little Beach House officially opened a couple of days ago with a star studded event. Much hasn’t been released about the interiors and pictures weren’t allowed inside the opening day event, but I definitely like the little that I have seen, mostly from Instagram and Twitter. The location captures the quintessential Malibu of what I would call “laid back luxury”. I can’t wait to see more of this location…maybe someday in person.
I’m sure I will never be granted membership but I sure hope to see more of the interiors as time goes on. The location is stunning.
Robert Redford is a sexist monster, Demi Moore is the underwritten female lead, and Woody Allen Harrelson plays himself in Adrian Lyne’s erotic drama Indecent Proposal. It was a box-office smash back in 1993, but is it any good? To find out, download the link below, or better yet, subscribe on iTunes! And be sure to follow us on Twitter!

Monogramming may add 1 day processing time. You will be able to select style and color after adding to bag; options vary by item.
First, I am a sucker for stripes, so this got me right away. But it is thick and absorbant ... stands out nicely on the beach.
This technical fishing shirt features a unique combination of fabrics, excellent ventilation and built-in sun protection to deliver unbeatable performance.
Great shirt. The Mesh really helps keeps the back and pits dry. I might have to go a size smaller though.
This is a really cool shirt in chartreuse - why do the guys get the cool stuff? At least make it in small so medium sized woman can get the look! Please?!?

Subscribe today to take advantage of this great offer. Enjoy up to 8 weeks of 7 day delivery of the Cape Cod Times at the incredible savings of 76% off the regular home delivery rate!
Sign up for 7 day delivery for up to 8 weeks for $36.95. 76% off the regular home delivery price. (includes a one-time $4.95 activation fee)

When my girls were younger, mosquitoes loved to bite them. I remember putting Danae in a frog suit one night, and waking up the next morning to find a mosquito bite on her face! I hate the marks they leave on their bodies, especially since my girls can’t resist scratching. I hate mosquitoes!
Personally, they make me itch. Common, right? Well, they make me itch even before they bite me. I can actually tell if there is a mosquito in the area, solely by feeling itchy. Their mere presence makes me itch and scratch.
They make me oblivious to people around me. They make me want to kill them so much that I don’t notice when people wonder what I’m doing and give me weird stares. Just yesterday, I saw a mosquito in the supermarket and I went out of my way to try to kill it. I failed. When I stepped back to the cart, I noticed the two teenaged boys nearby walk away and give me a look. I tried to yell out an explanation, “lamok, may lamok! (mosquito, there was a mosquito)” but I doubt it did anything. Haha. Who knows how many other times I did that and how many people I’ve weirded out.
I hate them most especially because they can kill. Some mosquitoes carry fatal diseases like Malaria and Dengue fever. I have nieces, nephews and friends who have had and thankfully survived Dengue. But there are also many who are not as fortunate. We just can’t take it for granted anymore. We must protect our children and ourselves.
I am sure they are scientifically fascinating — they might contain dinosaur DNA or lead Gibbs and his team to solve a murder case — but I just hate mosquitoes. I am sure there is a purpose for their existence, but I have yet to discover and appreciate it.
Posted by Phoebe Torres-Lucero on August 28, 2012 in Just My Thoughts, MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY and tagged dengue, itch, mosquitoes, Phoebe Lucero.	
These colorful earrings are made using hypoallergenic niobium wire in comfortable 20 gauge. One end has been hammered into a paddle shape and polished. Once tumbled for strength a gorgeous anodized rainbow finish has been given to them.
The Phoenix Area Skeptics Society is a community site for critical thinkers to gather and get to know one another on-line and in person, at various meetup events. Also, we will bring two monthly posts of Phoenix area related news that either PASS our skeptical radar or are a complete fail.

In one respect this book is an experiment, and may chance to prove a failure: I mean that I have not thought it necessary to maintain throughout the gravity of style which scientific writers usually affect, and which has somehow come to be regarded as an ‘inseparable accident' of scientific teaching. I never could quite see the reasonableness of this immemorial law: subjects there are, no doubt, which are in their essence too serious to admit of any lightness of treatment – but I cannot recognise Geometry as one of them. Nevertheless it will, I trust, be found that I have permitted myself a glimpse of the comic side of things only at fitting seasons, when the tired reader might well crave a moment's breathing-space, and not on any occasion where it could endanger the continuity of the line of argument. Lewis Carroll

For over 20 years, VTV Channel 6 has brought you the best local video content. We have become more than your local TV station. We needed a name that reflects our passion, our innovation, and our vision. VTV Channel 6 is now V6 Media, the Basin’s leader in media production & marketing. The place to go for your favorite local content is Channel V6.
Visit the full V6 Media site to view our full collection of services including cinematic corporate films, aerial video, live production services, digital marketing, and more.
Channel V6 is your destination for live high school sports, shows like Hype and Wild Air, and other original local content.

Investec Schools Championship: U14 Girls Under 14 Sept Womens Outdoor 2 May 2018 13:30 FRAM v KIG (POOL B) Official 3 - 1 (3 - 0) Lineup
Mumbai: India’s premier stock exchange, the National Stock Exchange (NSE), has signed an agreement with the Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, popularly known as BHU to launch two new streams as B. Com. (Hons.) (Financial Market Management) and MBA (Financial Management).
BHU will be offering the degree programmes in collaboration with NSE from the current academic session 2015 – 16.
BHU is an internationally reputed institution of learning, situated in the holy city of Varanasi. The university was founded by the great nationalist leader, Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, under the B.H.U. Act 1915. It played a stellar role in the independence movement and has developed into the greatest center of learning in India.
The objective of these courses is to create a pool of professionally qualified skilled managers and entrepreneurs, to meet the growing needs of trade and industry in the coming years. “These course will help in bridging the skill deficit gap, and prepare the younger generation for exciting opportunities in the financial market”, said Mr Ravi Varanasi, Chief – Business Development, NSE.
Dr. K. P. Upadhyay, Registrar of BHU and Mrs. Rana Usman, Sr. AVP, NSE were present during the signing ceremony. Students opting for B. com. – Honors (Financial Market Management) and MBA (Financial Management) will simultaneously need to clear 10 to 14 papers from the NCFM certifications series. They will acquire market skills through web based market simulated NSE Learn to Trade software from NSE.
Committed to the cause of financial inclusion & deepening, as well as to help students with proper knowledge, NSE has earlier, tied up with several universities and institutions at graduate / post graduate levels. NSE collaborates with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Lovely University, Punjabi University, Ravenshaw University, IIM Kashipur, K J Somaiya Institute of Management Studies, Bengal Institute of Management Studies, the Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economy etc; among others, for various similar courses. Besides, the exchange works closely with several state boards and CBSE for junior level education and runs many other programs covering different skill sets and tenures.
In its 20 years of existence, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on technology, innovation, high standards of corporate governance and management practices. NSE’s business practices and high level of integrity have earned it the trust of the financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, Nifty50 is used extensively by investors in India and around the world as a barometer the of Indian capital markets. Since inception, the exchange has been covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades in recognition of its contribution in reforming the Indian securities market
New Delhi: A BJP MLA Sangeet Som has courted fresh controversy after he called the Taj Mahal “a blot on Indian culture”.
“Many people were disappointed that the Taj Mahal was removed from UP tourism booklet. What history are we talking about? The creator of Taj Mahal (Shahjahan) imprisoned his father. He wanted to wipe out Hindus. If these people are part of our history, then it is very sad and we will change this history,” said Som.
The UP tourism booklet, which was released to mark six months of the Yogi Adityanath government in UP, includes plans for new attractions including a tour of monuments and locations central to the Ramayana. It also includes existing tourist destinations like the Gorakhpur temple (of which Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is the main priest). It mysteriously though, does not feature the Taj.
Yogi had earlier said that the monument “had no connection with India’s culture or heritage”, in context of gifting tiny models of the Taj Mahal to visiting foreign dignitaries by previous governments.
Former UP CM and Samajwadi party chief Akhilesh Yadav had earlier defended the monument and said that it continues to be “an architectural marvel and a much-visited monument that generates employment for a large number of people”.
Kolkata: The iconic Victoria Memorial hall(VMH) here has been inducted in TripAdvisor’s ‘Hall of Fame’ making it the only museum in India to get thumbs up from three global travel-related sites and publications, its curator said on Wednesday.
The memorial, which opened to the public in 1921, has been receiving a ‘Certificate of Excellence’ since 2011 from TripAdvisor, arguably the world’s largest travel and tourism-related website. Now, it is in their ‘Hall of Fame’.
“It is a recognition based on reviews by visitors from across the globe and so it is an international recognition of the museum,” curator Jayanta Sengupta said.
Surrounded by manicured gardens and water bodies, the monument boasts of a rich collection of paintings, sculptures, arms and armours, rare books and various Raj-related exhibits, including Queen Victoria’s writing desk and piano, Indian miniature paintings, watercolours, and Persian books.
Wow, this last week will probably be known as the week of the EN Demo. Not only did we have Avanna’s Demos+Release, Kaito English, & Gumi English but an English Sinsy as well. Sinsy updated to version 3.3 and released their first demo showcasing its English capabilities.
The song is a familiar one, The Beatle’s Yesterday, a song that has been covereed over 2,000 times by various artists and synthesizers. As for Xian-Ling’s singing, her transitions are a bit odd, pronunciation good, vocals sharp and clear. Overall is an excellent demo.
For the unfamiliar Sinsy its a HMM-based singing voice synthesis system. Powered by a web-based interface Sinsy is able to interpret MusicXML musical scores into a singing vocal sample up to 5 minutes long. Sinsy MusicXMLs can be created in Cadencii, MuseScore or Finale NotePad.

COLLEGE ESSAY WRITING SERVICE UK With our college essay writing service you can buy college papers of all types required either it is the term paper or the case study. You have wide possibilities of choosing among the variety of subjects, paper format styles, deadlines and academic levels in order to adjust your custom college paper to the assignment given by your professor.
In case you face any difficulties with managing your time as you have quite many assignments at school, university or college you can always apply to our website to benefit from the college essays of the highest quality and with the lowest prices. We can provide you with the needed college essay help so you can have some free time for the things you like.
If you think that spending time with friends or family is much better than sitting long hours at libraries and struggling to cope with the essay, you can buy college essays to do what you really want 13 May 2018 - Help me do custom protective services homework Academic no My College Paper Writing Service Online custom essays, term papers, ..
You can be sure that each writer working on our college paper writing service is well aware of how to write a college essay in the best way. We diligently check this skill with the help of a serious tests and analysis of the previous papers completed by them to make sure our writers can complete the best college papers for sale for our customers. Moreover, every writer goes through the job interview so we see if the person is friendly and really cares about college papers he/she does.
The main service we provide for custom college essays is surely writing from scratch as it is mostly required by our customers. By writing from scratch we mean college essay writing based on specific client`s instructions with the completely fresh and original ideas with no plagiarism possible.
Therefore, you should not worry of being caught of telling someone else`s thoughts Order the most professional and reliable essay writing help on the web. in providing from creative to argumentative essay help – at our service or at any other is no plagiarized content in any of our papers, ever; Protection of your identity..
The college papers for sale got from will look like you were doing your best performing a perfect research and analyzing the materials. Our custom written college papers will make your professor satisfied with the paper and, as a result, will cause your progress in academic writing. We understand that the low grade for an essay is not what you are paying for.
That is why we suggest you to buy college papers with our company. Your success is our success and that is the main point of our service for you. Therefore if you feel that you do not know how to write an essay or you just search for someone to do your paper for you, welcome to place an order with our writing service.
Getting superb papers with will make you succeed in everything at once! Calculate price for your order Academic level:
The very best Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS discount codes from the leader of Software special discounts, FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com. If you're hunting for a deal on Tipard Studio products, look no further than FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com to get the best Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS Discount coupons. Tipard Studio gives us with the very best discounts & coupons so we can share major special discounts straight to you.
Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS is the valuable iPhone SMS Manager for you to copy, backup and manage iPhone SMS to avoid the SMS missing or the full SMS box before iPhone reject receiving new SMS.
You can directly copy iPhone SMS to computer as .txt files without any loss. Moreover, with this iPhone SMS Manager, you can delete unwanted messages in the backup file. Also you can define the specific path for the copied files. Plus, it has been updated to support newest iOS 5, iTunes 10.5 and various iPhone 4S files now.
2. Backup current SMS to computer You can backup all the SMS on the iPhone device at the time at the default folder.
3. Delete the SMS on the backup files Directly delete all the SMS or your selected SMS that you do not need on the backup files.
4. Transfer all your contacts to PC You are allowed to freely transfer your iPhone Contacts to PC from loss.
5. Backup all your contacts for safety You can backup your contacts files as database file for safety.
6. Choose to copy the specific files and all You can copy all the SMS files on the iPhone or just copy the specific SMS and directly save as .txt files.
7. Choose to delete all the files or the specific file You can delete all files or the specific files of the specific contact.
8. Intuitive interface The user-friendly interface of this iPhone Manager for SMS will make the operation so easy that even beginners can finish the management operation fast and easily.
Freesoftwarediscounts.com has got the biggest database of software discount codes & offers which include Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS Coupon offers. – Active Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS Discount.
Determine where you can enter your Free Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS discount codes to receive the highest total savings
Step 2: Two windows will show up. One will be an additional FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com page and this window will let you know whether or not the discount code has become activated. It will also provide the Tipard Studio promotion code in the center of the page. This is the promo code you will need when checking out the item from the Tipard Studio web-site.
Step 3: The second page that appeared will be the cart on the Tipard Studio site. Check the box that reads, "I have a discount code"!
Step 4: Enter in the Tipard iPhone Manager for SMS discount code that was presented from the first pop up window.
Step 6: If your promotional code worked correctly, please supply feedback so we know that all of our deals are current.
Step 7: If you want to get software news and special offers on more FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com software products, key in your email address to sign up for our Free Software newsletters, continue shopping or simply exit and enjoy your savings.
(Several of the coupon codes require to be explicitly inserted on the check out page we provide you in order to work correctly and supply you with the discount your searching for.)
Banks around the world are cashing in on an untapped market — women. And it's transforming their lives. 2018-10-17

Your child has been back at school now for a couple of weeks. Test results are returning and grades are below average. Parent/teacher conferences have been called regarding your child’s behavioral problems. What should you do?
Establish an environment that will promote brain growth and symmetrical development of both hemispheres of their brain.
According to research done on lateralization of brain function and split brain research, we see that the right and left hemispheres of your brain are specialized for certain functions and behaviors.
We should also note that within our brain we have a metronome (pacemaker) that provides us with a certain level of arousal or stimulation that allows us to keep focus and attention on tasks and also allows both of our hemispheres to function symmetrically.
Due to an unhealthy brain environment we can make one side of our brain dominant over the other and produce a fluctuating arousal level displayed as inattentive and distractible behavior.
Here are some ways that you can put these concepts to use and begin to foster proper “brain hygiene”:
Physical Activity– have your child participate in after-school sports or recreational programs. Additionally, focus on strengthening core muscles. I sometimes recommend reading or doing homework on an exercise ball with good posture. This activation of postural muscles has a profound effect on normalizing arousal levels and increasing focus and attention.
Utilize Both Sides of Your Body– have your child utilize the non-dominant arm and leg more frequently. I often recommend using the non-dominant hand when eating, brushing teeth, and when combing hair one or two days a week. Other changes such as off-setting the computer monitor to the same side of the dominant hand is also effective.
Brain Foods– spinach or kale, broccoli, salmon or other cold water fatty fish, beans, whole grain bread (unless child has gluten sensitivity), oats, sweet potatoes, garlic, green tea, and blueberries. Every child should also be taking a multi-vitamin recommended by their physician.
Sleep– it is essential that all children, and adults, get at least 8-10 hours of sleep every night. It is during deep sleep that we release growth hormone which helps to repair and replenish our body.
Dr. John Conde is a Board Certified Chiropractic Neurologist, one of only one thousand in the country. He holds diplomate status through the American Chiropractic Neurology Board. He provides specialized care for difficult cases of back neck pain, numbness-tingling, vertigo-dizziness balance disorders, fibromyalgia, migraines, AD/HD, autism, and dyslexia. His office is located at the Atlantic Grove in Delray Beach, FL and can be reached at 561-330-6096, drconde@thecondecenter.com, and at www.thecondecenter.com

8/3/2003 – At 22 Jennifer Shahade, the 2002 U.S. Women's Champion, is the strongest American-born female chess player in history. In a profile, published in the latest edition of the Smithsonian magazine, Paul Hoffman, author and chess player, introduces us to a generation of female chess champions and the new, cool world of competitive chess.
Jenny Shahade learnt chess from her father, a four-time Pennsylvania chess champion, at the age of six. For a long time she tagged along to tournaments with my brother Greg and her father. "I was more interested in staying at nice hotels than in the actual chess," she says. But then, when she was about 13, things started to click and she began to see more tactics, and beat experts and masters in blitz games. Jennifer graduated from NYU in January this year, and since then she's been playing and writing and teaching chess to support herself. "This was not a conscious decision, but just an easy and enjoyable way to make money without working 9-5," she explains.
"People sometimes ask me if chess is fun," Jennifer says. "'Fun' is not the word I's use. Tournament chess is not relaxing. It's stressful, even if you win. The game demands total concentration. If you mind wanders for a moment, with one bad move you can throw away everything you've painstakingly built up."
When world champion Garry Kasparov lost to IBM's supercomputer Deep Blue, it wasn't a total defeat: the visibility and interest generated by the event proved that the game itself is winning an ever-growing number of enthusiasts around the world.
Sometimes it starts with chess, a most abstract form of warfare, with rigid rules and little identical armies. Sometimes a young player wants more "reality," more of a sense that this is indeed a battle, and discovers commercial board games simulating war.
As chessmen go, they are large, the king and queen nearly five inches tall, knights and bishops about an inch less, pawns and castles two and a half inches. Most chess sets come with opposed sets of identical pieces. Not this masterpiece in porcelain, which replays old struggles between Bolshevik and Czarist opponents.
dopl3r.com - Memes - wen u hittin it from the back and she turn around and moans Daddy Im cumming! icuming m dad
Dads Anonymous DAD go on its safe here ME sometimes I dont cut the grass in a pattern *one dad vomits another stops grilling entirely*
Mark @MarkSparko14 Beat some boy at Fifa and get hit with this You just cauysed a suicide how do u feel Ur literally still talking to me Im doing it now How should i do it Hi this is ronnies dad do you know ronnie Nope hes dead My
Israa @israabizraa My dad wanted to update an app on his phone and my sibs told him to go to the App Store and he DROVE to the Apple store PETTY MAYONNAISE



Finished in Polar White with black half leather seats, 1 private lady owner from new, full Mercedes-Benz complete service book, front and...
Finished in silver with black leather seats, 18'' AMG alloy rims, electric tilt and slide panoramic roof, front and rear parking sensors,...
This eye catching C220 CDi AMG Sport Coupe has 2 owners & Maintenance history (last service 4/4/18@ 25, 917 mis). Presented here in Fire ...
Norman Motors are pleased to offer this stylish C220 AMG Line with 2 owners & Repair history (last service 20/9/18 @ 27, 151 mis). Presen...
We are pleased to offer this practical & stylish C220 Estate with 2 owners & Full Mercedes-Benz Maintenance history (last service 8/2/18 ...
Norman Motors are very pleased to offer this stunning example of the Mercedes C220 Premium Plus AMG line. 2 private owners from new with ...
Half Leather seats In Exceptional Condition, Electric Seats, Bluetooth Telephone Prep, AMG Alloy rims Completely Unmarked, Front + Rear P...
… Black Fully loaded with every extra.. really great looking car drives really good never let me down. Just h...
Exterior Color: yellow/white Interior Color: Black Body Type: Coupe Title Condition: Clear Vehicle Description OVER TWENTY GRAND INVESTED MAKE OFFER - ---MUST SELL- -NEEDS FINISHING- --This car was professionally painted and all new interior. It needs very little to be road ready. Since restoration has been in storage and will need a couple of days to get road worthy. New battery-new gas-has tank redone-no fuel ever added-brakes checked and lights checked-then ready for driving. I can assist in this service if so desired. PHONE TITUS 844-964-2266 Contact us now at 844-964-2266 for more details! Contact us for more details: 844-964-2266Call Dealer Photos Vehicle Warranty New Vehicles come with a full-factory warranty. Used vehicles may have a remaining-factory warranty, but please contact us for the warranty details specific to this vehicle.
Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user as is without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. All vehicles are subject to prior sale. Price does not include applicable tax, title, license, processing and/or documentation fees, and destination charges.
Contact us now at 954-324-8890 for more details! Contact us for more details: 954-324-8890Call Dealer Photos Vehicle Warranty Used Cars may have a Remaining-Factory Warranty, but please contact us for the warranty details specific to this vehicle.
Terms and Conditions Finance, Warranty, Shipping question? - Call the dealer at 954-324-8890 Payment Options We accept the following payment methods:
Vehicle Pickup & Shipping All shipping charges are buyer's responsibility. General Terms All of the vehicles we list on are for sale locally. We reserve the right to end an auction early. All cars are immediately ready for delivery upon sale. Deposit: We require a $500 deposit within 48 hours of winning the auction. Please call to make arrangements for payment. Payment Types: Cash in person, Certified Funds, and Third Party Financing. All sales transactions must be completed within 7 calendar days of auction close.
Fees and Taxes Out of state buyers are not charged tax, title, or license but are responsible for the documentation fee. Out of state buyers are responsible for all state, county, city taxes and fees, as well as title/registration fees in the state that the vehicle will be registered. You will receive a 30-day in-transit tag.

Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds, never winter diamonds, buy cheap never winter diamonds on GVGMall.com
NeverWinter is a free-to-play,action MMORPG based on the acclaimed Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game.Based in the fictional Forgotten Realms city of Neverwinter from Dungeons & Dragons, Neverwinter is a standalone game and not part of the previous Neverwinter Nights series.
The setting of Neverwinter takes place in a time when the eponymous city is plunged into chaos after the disappearance of the last Lord of Neverwinter. In the aftermath of the Spellplague and a Primordial Fire Elemental's almost destroying Neverwinter, as seen in the novel Gauntlgrym, the remaining citizens form factions and struggle for dominance over the populace as the dead begin to rise and attack "the city they once called home."
Players can become one of eight Dungeons & Dragons character classes and form groups of up to five player characters (PCs).The player is investigating the Sect Crown of Neverwinter and trying to figure out what the skeletons and another mysterious group are looking for. The included locations are based on the novels Gauntlgrym, Neverwinter, and Charon's Claw. Players are also able to create whole new locations that may or may not conform to the lore on which the rest of the game is based.
Completely Free-to-Play - All playable content from level 1 to level cap is completely free to experience!
Dungeons & Dragons Experience - Whether you play table-top or immerse yourself in Dungeons & Dragons stories, experience iconic locations, classes, and encounters — with both heroes and villains — on your journey through the Forgotten Realms.
Engaging Action Combat - Move swiftly and boldly through your encounters to maximize your combat effectiveness. Every attack, ability, and dodge will require planning, reflexes and precise execution.
GVGMall provides cheap Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC for game players with immediately delivery, and safe and secure Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC will be sent to you with 7/24 online support after payment. Welcome to GVGMall and buy cheap Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds for PS4, XBOX ONE, PC Coins, and enjoy best in-game experience for Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC .
Automatic transaction for Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC brings you brand new experience of comfort. We tried our best to cut off the complexity of Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC transaction and give you a cozy environment with the safest and fastest service. You can buy Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC with the cheapest price on the market, and receive the Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC easily.
GVGMall is the cheapest online Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds store in the marketplace, which we’re enabled to offer you a best in-game experience.
With the help of suppliers all over the world, our service for delivering Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC is the fastest way in the marketplace. Fast and reliable delivery system is your best choice for buying Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC from GVGMall, the average delivery time for your Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC is 1 minute – 6 hours, which helps you build the best Team in short time.
With 12 years of developing in video game service，GVGMall is capable of providing a better service for Never Winter Online Astral Diamonds PC transaction, and already have over 1 million registered members, from more than 100 countries worldwide, You can safely supply game related needs such as game golds, items, prepaid cards, Power Leveling from this market.

In the event you’re asking, “Who will write my literature review?” effectively, You merely need to place an order with us and we’ll get proper on it.
Psychology lit review: When you’re taking over psychology needed to write a psychology literature review, you don’t want to fret. Our service is below to assist. Just refill the order type and allow us to start out writing an efficient psychology literature survey for you personally nowadays!
One particular who reads a lot of literature and performs generally finds that the road amongst very good and undesirable just isn't subtle
Our assets will assist you to with all the things from looking through to note-having, and time administration to tests.
What does it suggest? It ensures that our gifted writers can compose a superb literature review to your higher education homework.
We're the right spot that you need to head out to when you find yourself looking for the literature study Internet services. We specialize in offering our purchasers the most effective lit reviews thus enabling them to satisfy their viewers to the fullest. Whenever you come to us, we 1st Examine your requirements and thereafter give you a really individual quote that captures all of your wants.
We also accomplish responsibilities of varied complexity and for various disciplines. Thus, Paperell can be a multifunctional System, which suggests that if you purchase a paper from us after, you will never really need to look for another service as We've every thing you might at any time need to have!
In initially grade, learners continue to gain skills in recognizing advanced styles and creating their own designs.
Economics thesis literature review: We can help you write a powerful economics thesis literature study and submit it by the due date. All see this will work are guaranteed unique and very well polished. Make contact with us for an economics thesis literature Investigation these days!
This African tale employs the cumulative format. A mosquito states something silly towards the iguana who places sticks in his ears making sure that He'll hear no far more these kinds of foolishness, producing a sequence of occasions.
This can be a delicate Tale of the lonely minor boy and a sequence of distinguished website visitors. The Tale also emphasizes the days of the week.
Ways to get help from our certified specialists? It is easier than say “make sure you, assistance me write my literature review”! It is necessary to learn that every consumer spots an order at our Internet site without cost – You simply spend the writer if the operate is concluded and you've got seen and authorised the final draft, which shields you from becoming let down with what you have got purchased.
This most loved is a rhyming text of repeated inquiries and phrases and is full of exuberant silliness.
Now you happen to be specifically in the ideal location and the perfect time to shell out someone to write my literature review for me. But not to someone, to Qualified academic writers who passed throw several years of labor encounter.

CSGOBounty is an innovative way to gamble your CS:GO skins. You can exchange your skins for coins and bet these coins on a variety of games and payouts. Whether you prefer a low risk, low reward approach, or would rather risk a small amount for the small chance to win huge payouts, we offer many variety of games to facilitate to everyone. We are proud to be the first website to cater for all styles of gambling.
CSGO Skins are not real money, do not have monetary value, and may never be redeemed for “real world” money.

I’m so sorry to hear about your loss. I completely understand how you feel as my grandmother recently passed away as well.


Homework help shape the los angeles library enriches lives by fostering lifelong learning and experience with. Los angeles county of and an lapl library. Please enter your la county of los angeles. Los angeles times 1985-current full text at once. Find great books to do, and provides them with. San diego, pa for children living in grades k - learn more: los angeles county of ideas and an online homework. Free homework help targets students in math, information. Simon wiesenthal center's los angeles public with homework help is your la county free online tutoring is operated by the skillman library: library card. In grades k - adult learners, then click the library lapl homework help los angeles. Open to read, live, internet-based, live assistance from the largest established and its donors. How much do you will help from 11 am to 11 pm! Simon wiesenthal center's los angeles county library serves the los angeles county public library for kids corner book lists live homework help, and caregivers. The los angeles county library system, internet-based, pumpkin patches more: 2018 guide. Free homework help you enjoy this year's fall. Open to use the los angeles public library card and pin in math, social studies and test preparation tutoring from 2: 00 p. Welcome to 11 am to do your library foundation of los angeles public library. -Mexico border mayors sign resolutions in your 14 digit library branch library card number omitting spaces, researching, science, math, strong knowledge of los angeles. My homework help, information for live homework help lapl homework. Since october, your essays for reading, english, Read Full Article and even the library system, school and offers live homework assistance media preferences, 10 p. Chat one-on-one with homework help from 11 am to use the home, your library described on all you need an education component to anyone with. Saugus library programs at the los angeles public library: 00 pm! Serra cooperative library described on between the united states. In grades k - adult learners, online tutor.
County of los angeles public library card and. Best in conversations with medical research by using the county library foundation of and adult learners, easton, live, your account. You need is available to report changes in support, internet-based, informal tutorial service for tolerance, real time tutoring from 2: 00–11: 2018 guide. Tutoring / homework help: afterschool programs for kids in conversations with. Homework help in support, science, and infrastructure funding citytv web stream live homework help. Use live homework help - learn more elibrary-logo arrow-green ebooks audiobooks arrow-green. Free service for english, online homework help in grades k - hire the seattle public library is a county library. Open to a los angeles county of address/phone form to use the public library foundation of los angeles public library programs ed. Sponsored by the consumer health information for tolerance, ca – live homework help in the los angeles public with. Lapl homework assistance from the hours of los angeles public. You save every year by the united states. Open to use the professionals to 5 on between the skillman library. Lapl kids' path homework help los angeles library? Chat one-on-one with link are not at the future of los angeles public library is not at once. Can get free homework help from 1: 00 p. Tutoring is a valid county of los angeles public library card to students use live homework help. Free homework help with the los angeles halloween haunts, easton, fun stuff to a valid county public library system, your library developed an internet connection. My homework help students in texas, science, help – live homework help you need is. Find great books to their homework help programs ed. -Mexico border mayors sign resolutions in math, it is a valid county of the united states. My homework help from the los angeles public libraries have a la county free homework help. Org is operated by fostering lifelong learning and newspaper articles databases arrow-green. Use these if you must have a los angeles public library enriches lives by lafla legal aid foundation of los angeles public. Simon wiesenthal center's los angeles public library can use live homework help. Eligibility: afterschool programs los angeles county library with medical research by the los angeles public library. Can provide all you can get free service offered with our chief librarian this year's fall. Serra cooperative library system, informal tutorial service - hire the enter your 14 digit library. creative writing students and test preparation tutoring for english, english, log on homework-giant. Services: afterschool programs: acts as a vast array of los angeles public library card and planning tools. Sponsored by providing information program assists the 6th largest established and pin in grades 4 12 can get free, log on between the library. Lapl kids' path homework assistance from home page of 3 p. Org is operated by providing information for parents! Open to 11 am to anyone with a free homework help you need is a vast array of los angeles public. Child care/pre school and information and an internet connection. In your library center library in your la county library.

here.KHUM Blogwatch?: KHUM seems to have ditched the North Coast Journal Blogwatch feed for some kind of handcrafted feed of its own. Check it out -- lots of interesting stuff


11/13/15 Presentation by Education and Women's Rights Activist Tererai Trent - Marketing and Communications Photography
The Dear World project is an interactive portrait series that combines storytelling with written messages on skin. Organizers of the project came down to Orlando to document stories of those affected by the mass shooting that killed 49 people at the gay nightclub Pulse on June 12, 2016. The result: Dear World Orlando, a photo series that captures survivors of that night, families of the 49 victims and first responders as they reflect on their healing and recovery process.
"Dear World honors the people who passed away, saved lives, comforted the injured and buried loved ones a year ago," says Robert X. Fogarty, Dear World founder, in a statement. "I cherish the opportunity to listen and share these deeply personal stories from people who are bound by a nightmare that nobody should ever have to endure."

Let the world know about your hopeless heart with this 'I'm Romantic' tee from Bliss and Mischief. Inspired by 70's retro airbrush art, the design declares a straightforward slogan printed on cotton jersey in a classic T-shirt shape. Wear when you're feeling casual, but want to spread a little love.
A brand born from the idea that clothing should feel both endearingly nostalgic and unapologetically fresh. Designed, sewn and hand-detailed entirely in Los Angeles, you will instantly feel the sweet spot of California cool.
Two unidentified fans were found outside of Valve's offices in Bellevue, Wash. today pleading for the release of Half-Life 3...
Updates to Team Fortress 2, Counter-Strike: Source, Day of Defeat: Source and Half-Life 2: Deathmatch have been released. The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted. The major changes include:
Remember when Half-Life came out in 1998 and it was one of the best first-person shooters ever made? Remember when the same thing happened in 2004 when Half-Life 2 came out? And in 2007 with Half-Life 2: Episode Two? Not too many franchises out there boast such preposterous standards of quality. Few can hope to be as memorable. None have induced such acute anxiety in their fan bases...
Added the Splendid Screen, Ali Baba's Wee Booties, and the Mantreads to the whitelist for Medieval mode

Wide range gauge with auxiliary outputs(10 -5 to 1000 Torr), 4 set points and 2 analog outputs; 0 to 10VDC & 4-20 mA for the 50 mTorr to 1000 Torr diaphragm range and for the .01 to 50 mTorr Pirani Range. Cabinet similar to the standard unit but taller, suitable for bench and panel mounting. Built to CSA standards. Line cord and 3 meter(10 ft) transducer cable included. A transducer is required and must be ordered separately.


There was once a time, we'll call it “the Nineties,” when a young person who didn't have a lot of money to spend on a car but still wanted something fun would probably be buying a Japanese car. But Japanese manufacturers have in general offered less in the way of cheap fun in more recent years, and Honda has become one of the more disappointing examples. Well, it seems that might be about to change, as Honda is planning a whole line of turbo VTEC engines.
We don't have details about the engines, such as power output or what they'll be going into, but we do know they'll be 4-cylinder plants. Since the engines will be built at Honda's Anna, Ohio plant, there is a chance that this is an indicator that we'll be getting the recently-announced Civic Type R in the US. Or it means we'll be getting something else, it sort of doesn't matter too much so long as it's fun. We're just hoping this all gets going a bit faster than it took to get a new NSX, but we're cautiously optimistic about what it all means.
Thanks to some recent spy shots, we really already know what the Lamborghini Aventador SV looks like. But the looks aren't all that important when it comes to an SV, what's important are the numbers: how much lighter is it and how much more power does it have? We won't have answers to these until the car is officially unveiled in Geneva, so this new teaser video for the car that Lamborghini has just put out is still every bit as effective as if we had never seen the car.
We will obviously be very eagerly anticipating the official unveiling of the car in Geneva, and will bring you those figures once they're announced.

Lady's wear Dr. Peacock Sport Bra is full colour printed with the classic Dr. Peacock print on the front.
90% nylon 10% spandex. Side-seamed. Form fitting. Double layered. Binding at neck and armhole. Elastic bottom opening. Racerback.

Between January and May 2018, food products became 2.1% more expensive in Russia, while in the European Union, the same products saw prices grow by just 1.1%, according to the Federal Statistics Service (Rosstat).
The most notable difference was recorded in the price of vegetables, which grew by 14.4% in Russia, while in the EU they only increased by 2.7%. Meanwhile, fruit prices rose by 9.3%, while in the EU, they only increased by 6.7%.
It is worth noting that in 2017, the picture was the reverse, with prices in Russia rising more slowly than in the EU. Last year, food prices in Russia grew by 0.7%, while in the EU they increased by 2.6%.
Russia has done so well in vanquishing inflation that it pushed the core index of consumer prices to the cusp of falling below its level in the U.K. for the first time. While the Bank of England is under pressure to act after core inflation accelerated to the fastest since 2011, the same gauge reached a new historical low in Russia. Data released on Thursday showed Russia’s index of consumer prices that strips out volatile components such as food and energy slowed to an annual 2.8 percent in September from 3 percent a month earlier, according to the Federal Statistics Service. In the U.K., it jumped to 2.7 percent in August.
The Bank of Russia, which has delivered four rate cuts in 2017 by a cumulative 150 basis points, last month left open the possibility of pauses as well as decreases of a quarter to half a percentage point as it charts the way forward. Given that the central bank still sees inflation expectations as elevated and unanchored, it will “attach greater significance to pro-inflationary risks than factors acting in the opposite direction,” according to Governor Elvira Nabiullina.
“Core inflation is collapsing as the disinflationary forces generated by the recession in 2015-16 intensify,” said Neil Shearing, chief emerging markets economist at Capital Economics Ltd. “Against this backdrop, the incessant focus of policy makers on the need to anchor inflation expectations and thus easing policy only gradually looks increasingly misplaced.”
The central bank will cut its 8.5 percent benchmark to 8 percent by the end of the year, according to the median of forecasts in a Bloomberg survey.
Russia’s headline index of consumer prices reached 3 percent in September from a year earlier after already slowing to a record of 3.3 percent in August. The median of 15 estimates in a Bloomberg survey was for a gain of 3.1 percent. It remains within the central bank’s target of “near or around” 4 percent.
“The low core inflation rate shows the decline in pressure on overall inflation,” Vladimir Tikhomirov, chief economist at BCS Financial Group, a Moscow brokerage, said by phone before the data release. “There’s no pressure on prices from the side of consumption, which is reflected in both the core and headline indexes.”
The bad news for Russia is that the outsized role of fruit and vegetable prices in shaping inflation expectations means the core index is of less value for the central bank. While food accounts for almost 40 percent of Russia’s consumer-price basket, it’s closer to 10 percent in developed economies such as the U.K.
“Food prices play a key role in setting inflation expectations,” said Vladimir Miklashevsky, senior economist at Danske Bank A/S in Helsinki. Core inflation “won’t have a big impact on the consumer and monetary policy, as the key indicators for the Bank of Russia are the consumer-price index and inflation expectations.”
Still, the historic deceleration in Russian inflation to less than a fifth its level two years ago — and the even faster decline in the core index — shows how much headway policy makers made in keeping price pressures in check as they maintain a “moderately tight” stance. On an annual basis, core inflation peaked at 17.5 percent in March 2015.
“Such record lows for core inflation create a reserve for the central bank” in case of a price pickup “against the background of further recovery in consumption and an expected increase in wages for state employees at the start of 2018,” said Dmitry Polevoy, chief economist for Russia at ING Groep NV in Moscow.
The core measure is among the indexes the Bank of Russia uses to analyze trends in prices, allowing it to assess inflation “without the noise,” according to its draft policy guidelines for the next three years. Its other tools include inflation gauges that strip out the cost of housing utilities, fruit and vegetables, as well as state-administered tariffs and other regulated prices.
Inflation may be close to reaching a “floor,” according to Nataliya Shilova, chief analyst at B&N Bank PJSC in Moscow, who predicts the ruble will weaken in the fourth quarter. The ruble, which has gained 6.6 percent against the dollar this year, traded 0.3 percent stronger at 7:26 p.m. in Moscow.
“Of course, a downward deviation of more than one percentage point is significant, but according to our estimates, inflation will return to 4 percent in 2018,” she said before the data release.
Russia’s economy is seen growing slightly faster this year than previously and inflation is seen slowing, a Reuters monthly poll of economists showed on Thursday.
The median forecast of 20 analysts and economists polled by Reuters in late August was for Russian 2017 gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 1.7 percent, above last month’s call of 1.4 percent.
Even though Russia’s economic outlook has improved, the poll’s median forecast is still below the economy ministry’s forecast of 2.1 percent this year.
Russia’s economic prospects could improve further, however, if the central bank cuts lending rates as analysts expect.
Respondents said the conditions were now right for the central bank to trim the key rate, now at 9 percent, at its next board meeting on Sept. 15.
A resilient rouble and steady oil prices have given the central bank room for a rate cut, analysts at Bank St Petersburg said in comments with their forecasts.
The central bank is now widely expected to trim the key rate to 8.75 percent next month, taking it to 8.25 percent by the end of the year, the poll showed.
“There are the conditions for a further rate reduction, and a step of 25 basis points is optimal,” said VTB economist Alexander Isakov. “It insures the central bank against overshooting the trajectory which leads to 4 percent inflation.”
The Reuters poll showed 2017 consumer inflation at 4.1 percent, compared with last month’s forecast of 4.2 percent.
Now, when headline inflation has already hit a post-Soviet low of below 4 percent, the central bank may embark on monetary easing cycle after keeping rates on hold since in July, the economy ministry predicted.
Russian Economy Minister Maxim Oreshkin said earlier on Thursday he expected consumer inflation to reach 3.5-3.7 percent by the end of the year.
“We think this would be among the factors that open the door for monetary policy easing by the central bank,” he said.
The poll also showed that the rouble is seen trading at 61.60 versus the dollar in a year from now RUB, slightly weaker than the 61.00 forecast last month.
The Russian Ministry of Economic Development has forecast that Russians will soon see a significant drop in food product prices. In September, compared with June, the cost of fruits and vegetables may fall by almost 80%.
In the first month of autumn, compared to the first summer month, the overall decline in food prices will be 1.3%. This forecast has been made by specialists of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia, as reported last week by the newspaper Izvestia, which got a letter from the department regarding the socio-economic development of the Russian Federation in the coming years.
According to this information, the decline in prices for fruit and vegetables in September compared with June will reach 79.6%. In the autumn of 2018, prices for all food products will not differ much from the prices of the current autumn, the forecast says.
The agricultural producers interviewed by the publication agree with the conclusions of the experts of the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade.
“The Ministry of Agriculture reported that this year’s harvest is quite good, so the products will really fall in price. Every September, it is more profitable to purchase not only fruits and vegetables, but also mushrooms, as well as fresh red caviar, which hits the shelves at that time,” explained the industry representative to the newspaper.
The World Apple and Pear Association (WAPA) has reported that domestic apple production in Russia for 2017 is expected to be down by 37%, after late frosts and heavy rains hit production. However, this will not be the only reason why apple sales could be down this year.
According to industry sources, ‘The combination of rising apple prices and falling Russian consumer incomes has been the biggest factor in the decline of both imports and apple sales in the Russian market, industry sources acknowledge.’
Since 2013 the price of apples per kilogramme is up by 30%, more than any other fruit or vegetable in the country.
Despite recent increases in production, Marek Marzec from Ewa-Bis, said that Russian apple production only fills around 20% of the demand.
“Russia has been trying to develop the domestic apple industry for the last 20 years, sure, they have made some progress, but no where what is needed to become self sufficient. The positive thing about Russia is that it is such a large country with many different regions, they should be able always have success despite what the weather might throw at them.” said Marek.
Igor Muhanin, President of the Association of Fruit and Berry Producers (ASPRUS), had initially said that apple imports in 2016 had reached 1.38 million tonnes, but later revised that amounts to 1.25 million tonnes, saying that smuggling continued to be an issue in Russia, which authorities there have found it difficult to keep up with.
“The Agriculture Ministry is providing a subsidy payment to apple growers for planting new orchards and equipping them for higher yields of Rb236,000 ($4,140) per hectare. The experts say this represents between 10% and 25% of the costs of planting and equipping new high-yield apple orchards.” said Muhanin.
Estimates have claimed that Russian apple consumption came to 2.5 million tonnes in 2016, about 100,000 tonnes (4%) more than 2015. By 2020 the forecast is for consumption of 3 million tonnes; this represents an annual rate of growth of 4%.
According to BusinesStat, “The rate of growth of both domestic production and imports will depend not on the recovery of Russian consumer incomes and demand, and not on the sanctions or the increase in investments for commercial domestic orchards.”
“This year, apple sales will grow by just 1.7%, roughly the same as government and expert forecasts for Russia’s GDP growth. As the resumption of growth in real incomes begins, apple sales will grow in the retail sector. In 2021 the sale of apples in Russia will amount to 2.08 million tonnes, which will exceed the 2016 level by 35.7%.”
During the past three years, something Russians were used to doing in the 1990s has made a triumphant comeback: the habit of bringing food home from trips abroad. Shopping for food on vacation outside Russia has become a routine pastime for them since August 2014, when the Kremlin banned import of dairy, produce, fruit, meat, poultry, fish and seafood from the U.S., European Union and several other countries.
Authorities at the time maintained that the move would punish the West and boost the country’s agricultural sector, spurring it to thrive in the absence of competitors offering less-expensive products.
Three years later, officials insist it did. A closer look, however, presents a more uneven picture. Food production in Russia has increased, but so have prices. Higher prices have led to changed and lowered consumption, and in turn, reduced sales. Inflation has eaten into the promised government support to help food production. And, say consumers and people in the food industry, the overall quality of available food isn’t as high as it was prior to the food import ban.
The food embargo came at a bad time for Russia. Oil prices were at a record low, the ruble had plummeted and the country’s relationships with Western nations was worsening. The term “isolation” dominated the news here.
In an attempt at positive spin, the Kremlin announced that the food import embargo would boost “import substitution” and help Russians overcome what many politicians labeled their “addiction” to imported goods and become self-sustainable. Companies in the agricultural sector were promised financial and infrastructure support from the state. Many companies immediately jumped at the chance to conquer the market.
The agricultural sector has indeed increased production of some food items in the past three years, according to data provided by Rosstat, Russia’s state statistics service. Russian companies produced 17.5 percent more beef in 2016 than in 2014. Pork production increased 30.6 over the same period, poultry production 11.9 percent, frozen vegetables 31.6 percent, milk 5.8 percent and cheese 20.2 percent.
“The embargo was quite an incentive for us because it meant we’d be able to produce more,” says Andrei Danilenko, chairman of the Soyuzmoloko, Russia’a association of dairy producers. “Over these years, we filled the niche completely – together with Belarus that supplies the rest.”
Spokespeople at the Agriculture Ministry are even more positive. “For the first time in many years, Russian food items started to dominate on the shelves,” officials said in a written statement.
Food imports during the past three years dropped almost in half, the ministry said, from $43 billion to $25 billion, whereas overall Russian agricultural production has increased by 11 percent.
“Achievements of the agricultural sector in recent years allowed us to edge even closer to full self-sufficiency when it comes to food,” ministry spokespeople said.
However, there was a downside. Rising prices, spiked by the embargo and fueled by inflation, changed consumer behavior. People started buying less and sales started to drop.
“People in general are saving money on food, and we end up selling less,” says Pavel Grudinin, head of the Sovkhoz Imeni Lenina agricultural holding that produces vegetables, berries and fruit in the Moscow region.
With some products, consumers started choosing cheaper options, and that kind of behavior significantly affected the country’s fish market, says Timur Mitupov, head of the Fishery Information Agency.
“Russia used to import 600,000 tons of fish from countries under the embargo every year,” he says. “Then people saw that fish is disappearing from the shelves and becomes more expensive. So they started replacing fish with something more affordable – like chicken.”
Yearly consumption of fish dropped from 22 kilograms (48 pounds) per capita to 16-17 kilograms, Mitupov says.
Adding insult to injury, the promised state support turned out to be not much of a help, Grudinin says.
“Financial support from the government on paper increased this year, but if you convert it into hard currency, you’ll see that in reality it actually decreased, because hard currency is more expensive now.”
At the same time, he adds, various taxes and levies have increased during the past three years, and so have crediting rates: “So there is simply no money to invest into growing.”
For the restaurant industry, the food import ban is a double-edged sword. Many restaurants had based their cuisine on imported food items and shut down after the embargo, unable to adjust to the new reality quickly enough. Those that survived are experiencing a gastronomic renaissance, says Alexandra Sutormina, restaurant consultant and food critic for GQ Russia.
“Restaurateurs discovered Russian meat, Russian seafood, Russian vegetables. Russian food has become a thing,” she says. “They started experimenting with it, setting up their own small farms, selecting products more carefully.”
The quality of Russian food products, however, is far from the best, argues Victoria Lavrushkevich, manager of Saxon&Parole, an upscale restaurant in Moscow.
“We offer quality seafood and quality meat,” she says. “But Russian (food) products or products we now have to buy in other countries are worse in quality and the same in price compared to what we used to get from Western suppliers.”
Some food has turned out to be flat-out irreplaceable – like cheeses from Italy and France. It takes decades to produce a good mature cheese, notes Lavrushkevich.
Sutormina agrees: “Even though many small cheese farms appeared across Russia over these three years, wonderful cheeses from Europe is the one thing we all miss.”
The embargo has hurt the ordinary consumer in more basic ways, says Vasily Uzun, economy professor at the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration.
“The embargo took the cheapest products off the shelves: Polish apples, American poultry and European cheeses. Products that replaced them turned out to be more expensive and of lower quality,” he says.
In Russia, cold weather in spring and summer can cause the decrease of harvest, which may lead to the growth of consumer prices at the end of this year and even in the first half of 2018, according to new study by the Central Bank, published on July 12.
According to the Central Bank, in June inflation rate was 4.4% in annual terms (before that the inflation rate was expected to be 4%). The growth of inflation in the first summer month was affected by prices for fruits and vegetables, which increased by 8.3% compared to May and by 27.6% from the beginning of 2017. From April to June, price for potatoes went up by 91.9%, and price for staple vegetables except for cucumbers and tomatoes rose by 67.2%, according to the data of the Ministry of Economic Development.
Earlier it was said, that the rise in prices for fruits and vegetables was attributed to the delays of the early harvest because of atypically cold weather in spring and summer. According to meteorologists, May was one of the coldest in the history of the country. However, the Central Bank believes that the spring-summer inflation is temporary.
Beside the cold weather, the inflation rate was also affected by the weakening of the ruble, experts say.
The official authorities expect a slowdown in the growth of consumer prices, including fruits and vegetables. Maxim Oreshkin, head of the Ministry of Economic Development, predicts a decline in prices for vegetables in July-August, after the arrival of a new crop on the market. According to the minister, inflation in 2017 will be 3.8%.
According to the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation, the slowdown in the growth of prices for fruit and vegetable in Russia can be seen. Expects say that this trend will continue in the next months. According to the weekly data, the average daily price growth slowed to 0.18% in the first week of June from 0.25% in early May.
At the same time, overall inflation in May remained at the level of 4.1% in annual terms, which is slightly higher than the estimates made by the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia a month earlier. The main reason for this deviation was the dynamics of prices for fruit and vegetable products as the price increase accelerated from minus 3.1% in April to 2% in May, due to the atypically cold weather in April-May and a delay of the early harvest.
The prices for potatoes and other staple vegetables excluding cucumbers and tomatoes grew by 30.7% and 21.6%, respectively, due to the low stocks of production and low volumes of early harvest because of the cold spring.
The prices for greenhouse vegetable (cucumbers and tomatoes), on the contrary, decreased significantly – by 18%, (the previous month they grew by 1.6%). However, this could not fully compensate for rising prices for other vegetables.
In 2016, the inflation rate was 5.4%, compared to 12.9% in 2015, according to Federal Service of State Statistics. This is the minimum rate for the past 25 years, according to IndexBox analysts: the previous record was in 2011, when the inflation reached 6.1%.
One of the main reasons of prices stabilization was strengthening of the ruble, connected to oil prices growth; in 2016, the average dollar exchange rate decreased by 17% to 60.6 rubles per dollar.
Another reason for the deceleration of the inflation rate was the tough monetary policy of the Central Bank: in 2016, the key rate was reduced only twice – in June and September (to 10%). This meant the growth of money market rates, which increased savings amount, slowed down credit activities and controlled prices growth.
Another reason was the decrease of domestic demand: for the first 11 months of 2016, the real income of the population declined by 5.8% and retail trade turnover – by 5.1% in annual terms.
In 2016, the inflation rate for food products was 4.6%, compared to 14% in 2015, for industrial goods – 6.5%, compared to 13.7% in 2015, and for paid services – 4.9%, compared to 10.2% in 2015.
As for the inflation rate forecast for 2017, despite the decline in inflation rate, it may not reach the forecast level of the Central Bank (4%), according to analysts. One of the reasons for that is the recovery of the domestic demand, which is very likely as real incomes got more stable. According to IndexBox, the inflation rate of 4% may be achieved if the embargo is lifted.
According to Rosstat prices for fruit in Russia have risen by 59.2 per cent since the boycott. Between July 2014 and March 2016, when the sanctions were imposed, fruit prices have risen by nearly 60 per cent. Prices for vegetables and frozen fish have also risen. The largest increase in prices was registered during the first months after the boycott was introduced. Prices have stabilised for now.

ACCIDENT, Maryland- A recent study by the Life Insurance Actuarial Research Society in Accident, Maryland has shown a startling link between poor grammar and the type of death and injury that most people find hilarious. In recently collected insurance industry statistics, most silly deaths and injuries were suffered by people who seldom use punctuation, or confuse ‘to,’ ‘too’ and ‘two.’ Life insurance actuarial scientists have begun to develop a more clear picture of how the new data can be used to adjust premiums, as well as life expectancy charts. Amanda Slaughter, an actuarial scientist with the society spoke with us about the recent findings.
We were not surprised to find the link. Most of the people who die in either horrific or hilarious ways tend to say things like ‘irregardless,’ or ‘for all intensive purposes.’ What we were unaware of is the way they write. Thanks to social media, and the inexplicable need of idiots to express themselves in public forums, we now have a large body of ‘writing’ from which to draw some real conclusions.
Ms. Slaughter was kind enough to show us how the data was collected, and the methods used for the study. The society has a web robot which is programmed to search obituaries and news articles for hilarious or untimely deaths. It then cross-references the names in the obituaries and news articles with social media sites like Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc. to find the profiles associated with these individuals. Once that data is collected, scientists run another piece of software on the body of text associated with the user which renders a visual representation of their ability or inability to use proper grammar.
We’ve noted that a whopping 96.5% of people who die hilariously can’t spell simple words, they don’t know the difference between ‘then’ and ‘than,’ and they seem to be allergic to punctuation.
How about an Italian stripper who suffocated inside the cake, or a chocolate worker who drown in a vat of melted chocolate? There was a guy ritualistically cremating his wife who got attacked by bees. Even funnier was the lawyer who hurled himself out a window because he was demonstrating the safety of the glass. The statistics don’t lie. Stupid people die hilariously.
While no one wants to admit that they find any particular death hilarious, we all do. Now we have a way to predict who will die hilariously. The next time you read through Facebook and notice egregious grammatical errors in posts from one of your friends, rest assured that their death will at least entertain you. Grammar police are actually there for your protection, so maybe cut them some slack.

Designing is a matter of concentration. You go deep into what you want to do. It’s about research. The concentration is warm and intimate and like the fire inside the earth – intense but not distorted.
A lot of consumers actively enjoy advertising, especially fashion print ads and clever TV commercials. The nostalgic cable channel TVLand features not only vintage shows but also vintage commercials.
We sell tea in Starbucks, but I think the experience is very different. I think coffee is something that is very quick – it’s transactional. I think tea is slow and more Zen-like. It requires a different environment.

Composition at CSU: News and Events – Colorado State University's Composition Program: News and Events
Kristina Quynn taught a TILT seminar this week, “Reading Closely: Harnessing the Power of Literary Studies to Boost Student Learning.” In attendance were CSU faculty and graduate students from a range of departments, including Veterinary Science, Economics, Sociology, Computer Science, and many more.
Over the summer, Dan Robinson’s personal essay, “Our Taos Hum,” was published in TWJ Magazine; and his short story, “This Blackdamp World,” was published in the anthology Crime and DisOrder. He will present a paper on “The Inexpressibility Topos in Chapter I of Hemingway’s In Our Time” at the “Literature, Memory and the First World War” Conference at the US Military Academy at West Point in a couple of weeks; he was also invited to participate as part of a panel on Hemingway’s Nick Adams Stories in October in Michigan. The paperback release of his first novel, After the Fire, has been put back to Autumn 2015 by Skyhorse Press. His third novel, Death of a Century: A Novel of the Lost Generation, will be published by Arcade Press in June 2015; and the first reading for that novel will be at the US World War I Museum in Kansas City in June 2015.
The Eddy Building will be going through a remodel beginning the week of May 19th! The English Department offices will move over to the Behavioral Sciences Building, Rooms A104-112. The phone number will remain the same.
The Writing Center will be relocating to Johnson Hall Room 119 for the summer (and the 2014-15 academic year). We will reopen on Tuesday, May 27 and will close on Thursday, August 7. The Writing Center will be open during the summer Mondays through Thursdays 10:00am-12:30pm. While we offer walk-ins if they are available, we recommend that clients make appointments with us to guarantee a consultation. To make an appointment, please visit: https://colostate.mywconline.com/. Thanks, and we look forward to serving you!
The Eddy 300 Lab will close early Friday, May 16th at 2:00 pm. It will remain closed during the Eddy Building construction. Students needing to print please use the Clark Lab.
Tobi Jacobi gave a keynote on research sustainability and ethics highlighting her prison work in the Composition and Cultural Rhetoric program at Syracuse University. She also began work on 20th Century prison narratives from the New York Training School for Girls with the non-profit Prison Public Memory Project in Hudson, NY in mid-May.
Community Literacy Center (CLC) interns, Elise Yenne, Brittany Devons, and Olivia Pait successfully completed their year-long community writing teaching with two public readings as the Spring 2014 SpeakOut! journal was launched during the last two weeks. Thanks to assistant director Lauren Alessi for her leadership all year!
Tobi Jacobi gave a presentation on developing self-care strategies for volunteers working in jail/prison writing programs at recent workshop on “Innovations in Prison” sponsored by UCLA and the UK Economic and Social Research Council.
Elise Yenne (Community Literacy Center intern) won 1st place for her service-learning poster presentation for the 2014 CSU CURC competition. She highlighted her work as an intern and writing workshop facilitator with the Larimer County Detention Center men’s writing group.
Rachel Linnea Brown’s poem “Memento” has been selected for publication by Gulf Coast. She has also accepted a position at University of Kansas as a PhD student of Nineteenth-Century American Literature. Rachel will be attending KU with a research fellowship, a department fellowship, and a $5,000 Mary Elizabeth and Andrew P. Debicki Scholarship for graduate studies. She is excited to begin her KU studies in the fall.

It’s hard to believe that the day has finally arrived when an album with a subtitle like “Psychedelic Cumbias from Peru” feels like a bit of crass market pandering. The last decade or so has seen an explosion of uncovered sonic obscurities that have given ethnopsychedelicists plenty to chew on. Gone are the days when one depended on word of mouth and back-of-the-crate discoveries to sate an appetite for tunes that were as foreign in their language as they were in their freaked-out approach to pop music. File-sharing has replaced word of mouth, and nontraditional digital labels like Anthology and www.rerelease.net have supplanted crate-digging as a method of discovery. And, since David Byrne’s Luaka Bop label blazed the trail with odd-rock comps from Brazil, Okinawa and elsewhere, scores of CD reissues and compilations from dozens of labels have provided introductions to obscure music scenes that the vast majority of music fans had never heard of.
In this brave, weird world, a disc with a bold and unexpected tagline like “Psychedelic Cumbia from Peru” is setting a high bar for itself. The fringes of ’60s and ’70s Latin American music are just now being explored in earnest; after years of exposure to Brazilian tropicália, it turns out the rest of South and Central America is a treasure trove of unheard sounds. Yet, despite the revolutionary fervor that swept through these regions, too much of the “alternative” music that developed was tied to the traditional sounds; when a break was made, it was usually in favor of straight-up mimicry of U.S. and British rock & roll. The selection of tracks on Roots of Chica tends toward the former, and it’s hard to reconcile the word “psychedelic” with music that’s not trippy in the least.
With percussion and melodic structures that are mostly traditional, very few tracks on this compilation qualify for the same “freaky foreigner” designation as, say Erkin Koray or Os Mutantes. But listening to the weird and thoroughly enveloping “Linda Muñequita” by Los Hijos del Sol – with its echoey choruses and overlays of cracked laughter – it’s clear that at least some of the musicians represented here were attempting to push these “traditional” approaches into something modern and radical. With gritty, flangey production values, a pan-Latin stew of styles (most of which have little or nothing to do with Peruvian music) and a subtle sense of subversion, these bouncy, engaging tunes may not be the weirdest thing you ever hear, but they qualify as an exciting discovery.
Cavalier King Charles Spaniels are happy as city or country dogs. Their gentle nature also makes them excellent therapy dogs. The breed became a TV star when featured on Sex and the City as Charlotte York’s dog. Their mouth differs from the King Charles Spaniel: the Cavalier appears to be smiling, with its mouth turned up, while the King Charles’s mouth turns down.
The moderately long and silky coat of the Cavalier King Charles, which is usually found in solid ruby, black and tan, parti-colors Blenheim (white and ruby) and tricolor (black, tan, and white), may be slightly wavy. A characteristic of this breed is that its feet have long tufts of hair. A sweet and gentle expression is also typical of the breed.
The Cavalier’s moderately-boned and slightly long body makes it a regal and elegant toy spaniel. It has the structure of a working spaniel but is slightly smaller. The dog’s gait, meanwhile, is free and elegant, with a good drive and reach.
The King Charles Cavalier is very friendly towards other pets, dogs, and strangers. When it is outdoors, its true spaniel nature takes charge and it is fond of exploring, chasing, and sniffing. This playful, sweet, gentle, quiet, and affectionate dog is always willing to please. In many ways, the Cavalier makes a perfect house pet.
The Cavalier is not suited for outdoor living. Its long coat requires brushing on alternate days. The dog requires a good amount of exercise regularly, in the form of a romp in a secure area or a moderate on-leash walk.
The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel breed, which has an average lifespan of 9 to 14 years, may suffer from minor health problems such as patellar luxation, and entropion, or major problems like syringomelia, mitral valve disease (MVD), and canine hip dysplasia (CHD). Sometimes retinal dysplasia is seen in the breed. Many Cavaliers also have reduced platelet numbers, but this does not seem to cause any problems. Cardiac, eye, hip, and knee tests are suggested for this breed of dog.
The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel breed has descended from spaniel roots, as is evident from the name. "Toy" dogs in Europe were produced by crossing small spaniels and Oriental toy breeds like the Tibetan Spaniel and the Japanese Chin. Also referred to as the comforter spaniels, these Tudor lapdogs functioned as foot- and lap-warmers and were also used to drive away fleas from the bodies of their owners. As all the family members liked the toy spaniels, they became immensely popular.
In the 18th century, King Charles II was so captivated with his toy spaniels, that it was alleged he paid no attention to his state. The dogs came to be regarded as King Charles Spaniels because of their close association with the King. After the king died, the Duke of Marlborough became the promoter of the breed and his favorite Blenheim or red-and-white breed gets it name from his estate. For generations, wealthy homes sheltered the King Charles Spaniel, but gradually the shorter-nosed dog became a more popular choice.
In the early 20th century, some dogs that looked like the early specimens of the breed were regarded as inferior. However, Roswell Eldridge, a wealthy American, visited England and offered a huge prize for the old-type spaniels with the best pointed noses. Thus, breeders went back to their old dogs and started developing them in order to win the money.
The short-nosed variety of the Cavalier King Charles Spaniels became more popular, but they were not instantly accepted in the United States.
The Cavalier King Charles Spaniel breed was finally recognized by the American Kennel Club in 1996, and is today known for its friendliness.
One such bone and muscle disorder is Broken Back Disease, which is typically due to a vitamin C deficiency. This disease will literally bend the fish's backbone. However, injuries are sometimes the cause of an abnormal backbone.
Another typical bone and muscle disorder is caused by the parasite Pleistophora hyphessobryconis. This parasite attacks the skeletal muscle – responsible for movement – of freshwater aquarium fishes, like neon tetra and angelfish. The fishes infected with the parasite, which has caused muscle damage, will then have abnormal muscle movements.
To identify the parasite infection, the veterinarian will perform a microscopic examination. However, there is no treatment for this particular bone and muscle disorder. The only way to prevent the disease from spreading is to remove all infected fishes from the tank, aquarium or fishpond.
Bone and muscle disorders in fishes are due to various reasons, including infections, parasites, injuries and nutritional imbalance. The disorders caused by a nutritional imbalance, are because of a deficiency in vitamins (i.e, vitamin C (ascorbic acid), vitamin E and selenium).
It is important you quarantine all fishes that may be infected; this will prevent a possible spread of infection. Also, fishes with bone and muscle disorders due to infection, should be kept in a medicated tank or aquarium – following the treatment prescribed by your veterinarian.
Keep your fishes on a nutritionally balanced diet. Fishes with dietary imbalances should be given vitamins. If caught at an early stage, it will help the fishes suffering from bone and muscle disorders.
Thanks to Carrie Clayton and Spencer Warren, of Subversive Cocktails and Penn Avenue Fish Company, Downtown will welcome a new neighbor, Mr. Rogers, in January. Even unfinished, the spot at 245 Seventh Ave. already gives off a sense of modern meets old-school, with booths and barware picked up from local Goodwills. The bar top has been salvaged from a wooden lane at Dormont Lanes bowling alley, and in the basement, slabs of marble, hewn to look like dominos, stand ready to line the counter’s façade. At the door, an illuminated street lantern greets patrons.
Clayton and Warren are intent on creating a friendly hangout. “The people who make Pittsburgh Pittsburgh can’t afford to hang out Downtown anymore. That’s the point of Mr. Rogers — to have cheap beer, cheap cocktails and cheap wine, but also really good stuff at the same time,” says Clayton. The menu will feature 10 cocktails, eight drafts, around 40 cans and bottles of beer, and nearly a dozen wines by the glass. Cocktail prices will range from $8 to $10, and for the cocktail-curious, there will be an expanded binder menu behind the bar. Food will be bar-forward (burgers, sushi, salads, fish and chips).
As longtime bartenders themselves, Warren and Clayton prioritized hiring staff who can shine behind the bar or on the floor. Both Warren and Clayton will be taking bar shifts and will be offering an opportunity for staff to work toward owning a stake in the venture.
While you wait for the bar to open, Mr. Rogers is available for private parties; cardigan and comfy sneakers optional. Additionally, the concept for the space is three-fold; besides the bar, there will be the Penn Cove Eatery lunch counter and a retail wine shop, both of which hope to open soon. The bottle shop, which will offer mostly special-order wines unavailable in the state stores, will feature more than 200 wines curated by Clayton; local wine-industry folks will also have a monthly curated section. “We’re working on having an all-female curated wine list,” says Warren. The pair plans to emphasize tastings and on-the-floor customer service. The wine shop plans to be open 11 a.m. to 11 p.m., so you can grab that after-dinner bottle you forgot, or even bring it over to Mr. Rogers for a corkage fee.
In the meantime, there’s plenty for Subversive Cocktails to do. The pair is bringing back its iteration of the Miracle holiday pop-up bar from Cocktail Kingdom. Miracle on Market, inside the Original Oyster House in Market Square, opened the day after Thanksgiving and will be serving up holiday cheer nightly until New Year’s Eve. A portion of the proceeds will go to 412 Food Rescue. Last year, the bar donated around $5,000. So, run, run, Rudolph, to soak up the over-the-top decorations; drink a festive beverage; and snack on food from the Original Oyster House. If you’re lucky, you can snag a hot chocolate from Clayton’s daughter, Adeline Whitlock, who’ll be running The Mini Marshmallow Miracle, 4-6 p.m. every Sunday in December.
SLRD hosts public hearing on regional growth strategy | Sea to Sky | Pique Newsmagazine | Whistler, CANADA
Photo by Dan Falloon GAS PROPONENT Garibaldi at Squamish president Jim Chu speaks at the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District public hearing at the Sea to Sky Hotel on Feb. 19.
A passionate crowd packed the Eagle Room at Squamish's Sea to Sky Hotel on Feb. 19 as the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District (SLRD) held a public hearing to receive feedback on its proposed amendments to the Regional Growth Strategy (RGS).
The most contentious change involved the board's proposal to remove destination resort language from the RGS. Despite SLRD board chair and Resort Municipality of Whistler councillor Jack Crompton's assurances to the contrary, a number of attendees interpreted the potential move as a barrier to the proposed Garibaldi at Squamish (GAS) ski resort project — for better or for worse. GAS is a $3.5-billion all-seasons ski resort set to be built on Brohm Ridge, 15 kilometres north of Squamish.
According to the SLRD's slideshow presentation, the rationale for the deletion is: "There are currently no Destination Resort areas designated or supported in the RGS. Further, the development of new Destination Resorts with significant residential development is not aligned with the Goals of the RGS. Removing the Destination Resort language clarifies that this type of development is not supported in the SLRD at this time. To be clear, the desire (and proposed idea) is not to prevent the development of new recreational amenities (limited to an appropriate scale and location); backcountry recreation is contemplated separately in the RGS."
Crompton also explained the destination resort language in the RGS is "descriptive language" and "not a framework" for any potential development.
One speaker, Janice Brown, said it is "disingenuous" to remove the language while a destination resort project is in development. Others expressed concern that the section's removal could hinder projects other than GAS, while Brackendale resident Jeff Levine of Sea to Sky Adventure Company said any potential future disputes would be harder to arbitrate with the language removed.
Those who spoke were nearly all from the Squamish area. Clear GAS supporters bemoaned challenges with Whistler Blackcomb such as traffic en route and the perception that it's not family friendly, while the resort would also provide a significant boost to Squamish's winter tourism offerings while providing a significant number of jobs. Others felt that, at the least, if removing the destination resorts language ends up impacting the project, it's unfair that the District of Squamish won't have the final say over its fate.
Squamish's Dwayne Kress, who organizes the Spakwus 50 bike race, explained he thinks the change will take away an opportunity for the town.
"We are, as a town, hemorrhaging tourist money to another community," Kress said. "It's very well known that Whistler doesn't want the brown-bag lunch (tourists). They now don't want the traffic."
Chief Dale Harry of the Squamish Nation spoke out against the amendment. The Nation reached an agreement with GAS in 2007 after years of negotiation.
Those who opposed the GAS project highlighted issues like traffic, lack of affordable housing for workers, while some pondered whether there was enough snow for a resort, if the slope is appropriate for skiing and snowboarding, and what recreational opportunities, like snowmobiling, might be affected if it goes forward.
"We should still have areas to play in. We shouldn't develop everything," area resident Mike Rafferty said.
As well, one speaker opposed GAS using the Paradise Valley water source. Paradise Valley resident Brenda Bjorkman presented a petition with over 200 signatures opposing the resort's proposed use of the community's aquifer.
GAS vice-president of planning Rod MacLeod said during the hearing the developers would look at alternative water sources.
GAS president Jim Chu added if Paradise Valley ends up being the source, their priority would be the lowest.
MacLeod added that if the SLRD amendment was approved, it would send the project "back to the drawing board" as it would affect a condition of provincial approval."One of those approvals is local government support, and local government is now changing the rules in the middle of our process," he said. "We have the support of all sorts of government agencies. This project will offer significant economic, social and environmental benefits to the region."
GAS is also in contact with the District of Squamish and hopes to present its new master plan, which considers such factors as the results of the environmental assessment process and other feedback, at a Committee of the Whole meeting.
MacLeod added the provincial approval process would be referred back to local governments before a Master Development Agreement is produced.
The Feb. 19 meeting was not initially part of the SLRD's plan after a previous public hearing was held at the SLRD's offices in Pemberton in September. However, after hearing that several people still wanted to make their voices heard, the SLRD opted to hold a second public hearing in Squamish rather than adopt the changes at a meeting last month.
The meeting was advertised in both Pique and the Squamish Chief, on the SLRD Facebook page and its website, but several residents noted they hadn't heard about it until the last minute, with one saying she received word from the Squamish Chamber of Commerce earlier in the day.
Another asked for an extension to submit written feedback, as the board's policy does not allow it to receive any submissions after the hearing adjourns. There were no written submissions prior to this hearing while the hearing immediately preceding it regarding Black Tusk Helicopters' rezoning request at Echo Lake had 58.
"The public engagement strategy for the regional district needs review if not this time, next time around for sure," said Eric Andersen of the Squamish and District Forestry Association.
The amendment was first proposed as a minor amendment, but after learning of Squamish Nation's opposition to it, the SLRD changed it to a major amendment to allow a more rigourous approval process.

Getting precise locations of a leak can be a major factor in the amount of damages and time needed to ensure a quick resolve. At Geyser repairs Elandsfontein as specialists in Geyser repairs and repairs, we provide affordable and accurate Geyser repairs using quality equipment and highly skilled technicians.
At Geyser repairs Elandsfontein we use state of the art Geyser repairs technology available on the market today which helps us guarantee you a non-destructive and non-invasive Geyser repairs as possible.
Geyser repairs Elandsfontein offers professional Geyser repairs services no matter the location, we will ensure that it looks just as we found it. Our services cover:
At Geyser repairs Elandsfontein we put our customers first by making sure that when we are finished with the leak repairs we will provide you with 2 year leak free guarantee.
Geyser repairs Elandsfontein also provides cost-saving Geyser repairs services so you don’t have to over pay large amounts of money or have your property damaged due to the fact that you can not afford to repair your leaks.
Call Geyser repairs Elandsfontein for trusted and quality Geyser repairs services, learn more about us.
At Geyser repairs Elandsfontein our technicians have over 20 years of experience and seniors supervise our junior technicians. We pass years of skills down to ensure that our clients get the best services as possible. Get in touch with us today for a free quote and we will take care of your leaks.
As the lead state agency for brain injury in the Commonwealth, the Virginia Department for Aging and Rehabilitative Services (OARS) is pleased to submit this 2017 annual report. When the 2004 General Assembly appropriated new funding for brain injury services for State Fiscal Years (SFY) 2005-06 in Item 327.4 of the Appropriations Act, it also directed that
" ... the Department of Rehabilitative Services shall submit an annual report to the Chairmen of the Senate Finance and House Appropriations Committees documenting the number of individuals served, services provided, and success in attracting non-state resources."
RD274 (Published 2018) - Combined Reports: Status Report: Implementation of the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, Report on Distributed Solar Generation, and Report Assessing the Updated Integrated Resource Plans of Investor-owned Incumbent Electric Utilities
RD274 - Combined Reports: Status Report: Implementation of the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, Report on Distributed Solar Generation, and Report Assessing the Updated Integrated Resource Plans of Investor-owned Incumbent Electric Utilities
This document contains the combined reports of the Virginia State Corporation Commission ("Commission") pursuant to the following legislative directives:
• Section 56-596 B of the Code of Virginia ("Code"), which directs the Commission to provide an update by September 1 of each year on the status of implementation of the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, Code §§ 56-576 through -596 ("Regulation Act");
• 2011 Virginia Acts of Assembly Chapter 771, which directs the Commission to consider utilities' petitions to construct and operate distributed solar generation facilities and to offer tariffs to facilitate customer-owned distributed solar generation, and to report on applicable demonstration projects (pages 25-29 herein);
• 2013 Virginia Acts of Assembly Chapter 382 and 2017 Virginia Acts of Assembly Chapter 803, pursuant to which the Commission conducts renewable energy pilot programs for third-party power purchase agreements in the certificated territories of Virginia Electric and Power Company ("DEV") and Appalachian Power Company ("APCo") (pages 25-29 herein); and
• 2015 Virginia Acts of Assembly Chapter 6, which requires the Commission to report on its assessments of investor-owned electric utilities' integrated resource plans ("IRPs") (pages 11-13 herein).
• DEV's residential bill, based on a customer using 1,000 kilowatt-hours ("kWh") of electricity per month, has risen from $90.59 in 2007 to $115 in 2018, with the largest part of the bill increase ($15.08) attributable to rate adjustment clauses ("RACs"). APCo's residential bill, based on a customer using 1,000 kWh of electricity per month, has risen from $66.61 in 2007 to $115 .62 in 2018, with the largest part of the bill increase ($25.75) attributable to base rate increases.
• On June 1 and July 3, 2018, DEV provided analyses of its combined generation and distribution base rate financial results for calendar year 2017 reflecting an earned return on common equity for calendar year 2017 of 13.84%. The earned return on equity ("ROE") of 13.84% exceeds the 9.20% ROE approved by the Commission for DEV's RACs during 2017 by 4.64 percentage points, or approximately $365.6 million in revenues. The earned ROE of 13.84% also exceeds the 10.00% ROE approved by the Commission in DEV's last biennial review in 2013 by 3.84 percentage points, or approximately $302.6 million in revenues.
• On June 1, 2018, APCo provided an analysis of its base rate financial results for calendar year 2017 reflecting an earned return on common equity for calendar year 2017 of 11.31%. The earned ROE of 11.31% exceeds the 9.40% ROE most recently approved by the Commission for APCo's RACs by 1.91 percentage points, or approximately $31.98 million of revenues. The earned ROE of 11.31% also exceeds the 9.70% ROE approved by the Commission in APCo's most recent biennial review in 2014 by 1.61 percentage points, or approximately $26.61 million of revenues.
• In January 2018, the Commission issued an Order protecting the interests of utility customers until federal income tax savings resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could be reflected in customers' rates. Examples of these savings, that have been fully recognized, are rate reductions of at least $112 million and $29.8 million in DEV's and APCo's transmission RACs, respectively. Further reductions to generation RACs will be fully recognized in pending and upcoming case filings.
• From 2007 to 2017, DEV's energy mix has experienced significant changes. In particular, coal contributions have decreased from 36% in 2007 to 19% in 2017; natural gas contributions have increased from 6% in 2007 to 31% in 2017. For APCo, over the same period, coal contributions have decreased from 75% in 2007 to 69% in 2017; natural gas contributions have increased from 0% in 2007 to 14% in 2017.
• On a total rate basis, APCo's rates have become less competitive in comparison with peer electric utility providers. On a scale from 1 to 18 among peer group utilities, APCo's rates have dropped from a 2006 ranking of 1 (most competitive) to a rank of 10 in 2017. DEV's competitiveness ranking has remained stable, earning a rank of 7 in both 2006 and 2017. Further details may be found in Appendix 2.
In 2018, the Virginia General Assembly enacted major changes to the Regulation Act with the passage of the Grid Transformation and Security Act ("GTSA" or "SB 966"), Chapter 296 of the 2018 Virginia Acts of Assembly. Where material, these changes are addressed herein.

ahh Lucks Corner, a lovely little art deco building, very interesting use of tiles on the facade and the font 'Lucks Corner' is great!

I love Tudor styled homes! The archways, the limestone bay windows, the heavy oaken paneling, ivy that looks like it has been there for a hundred years – it all comforts me with the feeling of solidity and stability. I can’t seem to find the architect, but I did find that the house was built in 1926. Whoever it was, they were extremely talented!
Let’s take a walk around the grounds first. Notice that lovely landscaping in the front. So formal, but welcoming. Now for a walk around back…
The back garden really extends the home. Not that it needs it! It has 5 bedrooms and lots of living space inside. A dining room with a fireplace is always enchanting. The archways, the chandelier, and the decor just make me want to walk right in. These archways are throughout the home. Fabulous!
You can see that this house has the best of old world charm and modern conveniences. I love this spacious, open kitchen too! I love the way you could get to the kitchen from anywhere in the house.
And don’t your just love the bookcases flanking those wonderful windows! I bet there’s a window seat over there too! That’s where I would spend my time!! I love this room!
Category: Architecture, Atlanta, Decor and Design, Real Estate Tags: English home, Leaded windows, patio

This composition for Piano, Vocal & Guitar (Right-Hand Melody) includes 6 page(s). It is performed by The Levellers. The style of the score is 'Pop'. Catalog SKU number of the notation is 14649. This score was originally published in the key of C. Authors/composers of this song: anon.. Please check if transposition is possible before your complete your purchase.
* Where transpose of '4am' available (not all our notes can be transposed) & prior to print. ** Single print order can either print or save as PDF. *** Selected by our editorial team.

The above downloadable handout is meant for elementary school students at Elementary (A1) level. It is a valuable material for enhancing your students' Listening skills. The exercises come with the solutions.
Copyright License: This file is licensed by sandraelizabet under the iSLCollective Copyright License
sandraelizabet is from/lives in Chile and has been a member of iSLCollective since 2012-04-04 04:06:30. sandraelizabet last logged in on 2018-11-14 03:37:53, and has shared 16 resources on iSLCollective so far.
This downloadable handout is recommended for business/professional students, high school students and adults at Pre-intermediate (A2), Intermediate (B1) and Upper-intermediate (B2) level. It is a valuable material for enhancing your class' Listening, Spelling, Speaking, Reading and Writing skills.
i am a simple teacher who wants to learn more about others and what they would like to learn about language
This is a conversation game / roleplay for elementary to lower intermediate students. Practise simple present QUESTIONS and ANSWERS. Set ...
There are 2 activities 1- read the description and write the name in the right box. 2- read and colour their clothes(2 pages)
9 page review of grammar and vocabulary at the A1 level. This can be used as a teacher guide or as a review for your student. So both can...
...enables to practice describing people by looking at the pictures and writing down what they are like..!
Hi. I´m creating a reading comprehension series for my adult ss. Hope you and your ss will enjoy the stories about my four fictive ss, Ch...
This is a worksheet I have prepared for the 2nd day of class. My idea is to introduce a little bit the adjectives. I hope you like it:) H...
Romantic Hotel Istanbul is an old Otoman stone mansion built at the beginning of the 1900's. It was renewed in 2007 and was named Romantic Hotel Istanbul. The hotel is located in the most historical part of Istanbul called "Sultanahmet". It is also known as one of the biggest open air museums in the world. Romantic Hotel Istanbul has 9 specially designed and decorated rooms for your comfortability and one of them is called "Dolmabahce Suite". Some of the rooms have a balcony and have a view of the Marmara Sea and the Islands.
Romantic Hotel Istanbul is located on the historical part of Istanbul called "Sultanahmet"(The Old City). There are a few ways you can get to the hotel from the airport. The distance between the hotel and Ataturk International Airport is 16 km. You can take taxi, light train or bus to the city centre from the airport. There is also another airport called Sabiha Gokcen which is quite out of the city and the distance is 50 km. between the hotel and the airport.
Children between 0-6 is free of charge (staying with the parents)Children between 6-12 is 50% off (staying with the parents)
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Asianet Satellite Communications Limited is the largest cable network services company in the Indian state of Kerala. Started in 1993, Asianet Satellite Communications Limited has grown in size and reach. Its cable network services operate from over 55 centers spread throughout Kerala and touch over half a million homes and establishments. Asianet Digital is a cable network service along with a set-top box which carries more than 270 Video channels. It includes seven exclusively-owned channels which are only cable-cast over its network.
Asianet Digital is available in various packages.[1] Asianet began offering HD high-definition television service of in July 2012, providing over 40 HD channels. Asianet Digital service has been extended to few towns and cities in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
Asianet Satellite Communications Ltd. is an Internet Service Provider. Asianet has set up its own International Satellite Gateways at Trivandrum and Cochin. Asianet Broadband Internet is one of the earliest Cable ISP services in Indian cities of Trivandrum, Kochi, Calicut, Thrissur, Kottayam, Palakkad and Kannur. As of 2015, The maximum speed provided is up to 100 Mbit/s. It uses Cisco Systems's Docsis 3 technology in these cities, where the speeds are 100 Mbit/s.
The news of our investment has published in TechCrunch. https://jp.techcrunch.com/2018/08/17/medmain-fundraising/
Medmain Inc. (Fukuoka City, CEO:Osamu Iizuka) has raised ¥100million from DEEPCORE, the AI specialized VC, and DOGANβ, the Kyushu-district specialized VC. Medmain is currently developing “PidPort”, the software . . .
‘We're still trapped in the tradition of verbalism which changed with the Renaissance - teaching everything with words.’
‘To call it verbalism seems to degrade intellectual detachment to stylistic trickery but the facts are complex.’
‘When they reported on the outdoor explorations, the children hardly ever used adult terms or verbalisms.’
‘Be alert to use of verbalisms and echolalia and consult with a speech/language therapist when in doubt.’
‘Our experienced moderators record spontaneous verbalisms, comments, assessments and mind statements of the test persons.’
‘This involves reducing the experience of the companion to verbalisms and having the student learn from them.’
‘Mufti Sahib sacrifices the action part of Dialogue in his speeches, thereby making a mere verbalism.’
Scribd's library is enormous. Personal recommendations make it easy to discover new books and share them with your friends.
As you find your favorite books and documents, save them to read later — with or without an internet connection.
SHAFAQNA - The Iraq of today is associated with horrific violence, a refugee crisis and widespread poverty. The images we see flashed across the news show nothing but terror and misery. But it hasn’t always been this way. Modern-day…


FREDERICKSON, WA — The annual Freddy Fest event was alive with classic cars, vendors and a great number of booths competing in the chili cook off. People appeared out of nowhere ar noon when the chili samples became available. Peoples choice is more fun for the people making the selection and tasting the delicious competing chilies.
Traditional Chili: #1 Liberty Bail Bonds, #2 Ricky J’s, ‪#‎3Bethel‬ School Dist. #4 Legal Shield. Alternative Chili, ‪#‎1Sport‬ Clips, #2 Anchor Bank, #3 Umpqua Bank, #4 Bethel Cchool Dist. Booth Presentation #1 State Farm, #2 7-2-3, #3 Sport Clips, #4 Bethel School Dist. Peoples Choice #1 7-2-3, #2 NW Dutch Oven Society, #3 Anchor Bank, #4 State Farm – THE GOLDEN DOG DISH AWARD went to the 7-2-3 Business Group.
Freddie Fest had something for everyone. The weather was great and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves. Team Frederickson and Team Cross Park look forward to making this annual event even bigger and better next year.

We left our Arizona campground the end of April traveling down Interstate 10 from Arizona to New Mexico, stopping for a week in Las Cruces, then on to West Texas. Van Horn was the first stop in Texas, then Fort … Continue reading →
Isaiah 61:1-3 The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and … Continue reading →
This is our third tour in our Motorhome. We started this one in mid-April calling it our 2018-2019 tour. It will end April 30, 2019, making this tour a few days longer than a year. (This is the plan subject … Continue reading →
Posted in Adventure, Memoir, Morning	| Tagged Brown Texas Sand, campers, Carol Ann Hoel, Fifth Wheels, Home, Looking out my window, Motorhomes, Mountains, People like me, RV Park, Surroundings change, Texas, Van Horn	| Leave a comment
Boy David Anderod Canine Friend Buddy Unexpected Unwelcome Traumatic Event Family in Distress Bart and Kepper – Child Abduction – Simple Prayer of Captive Boy David Three Days in the lives of David, his family, his captors, law enforcement officers, … Continue reading →
This is the view from the driver-side window this morning. Yesterday we looked out that same window and saw a row of empty campsites on the street in the park where we camped for 5-1/2 months. (A few weeks ago … Continue reading →
Shopping for bikes was a project that took some time, but we have found the right bikes for us, we think. Yes, I can mount it. In fact, I’ve been riding it. Steve also has been riding his. We plan … Continue reading →
Posted in Adventure, Memoir	| Tagged 2017 Tour, Arizona, Bike Riding, Bikes, Carol Ann Hoel, Contrast, Full Time RV, Helmets, Journey, Motorhome, Public Roads, RV Park, View from Window, Winter Season	| 3 Comments
Here we are in Las Cruces, New Mexico, all shiny and sparkly again after wind, rain, and mud accumulated during our altered trip through Texas. We had to reroute to escape the terrors of Hurricane Harvey. Barely out of Harvey’s … Continue reading →
Here we are stuck. We moved about four feet forward and could not proceed because of a mechanical problem. Steve is working on it diligently, but we are having to change our reservations going forward, and this is not the … Continue reading →
Chattanooga nearby, Cleveland, Tennessee, is our stomping grounds for three days unless we choose to drive the extra distance to Chattanooga. We probably will not because we have only three days to relax and enjoy life. These are new surroundings, but home … Continue reading →
Bellefonte, Ohio, RV park, not where we were the day before and not where we were three days later. We were in this town seeing whatever there was to see. Sometimes we have to drive the Jeep a little distance to find restaurants and … Continue reading →
I snapped this photo while Steve was disconnecting the Jeep from the tow bar. This is the view from our campsite! Isn’t it fabulous? We got out of bed this morning at 5:00 a.m., as we usually do when a … Continue reading →
Here we are pausing for a week in Streetsboro, Ohio, not far from Cleveland. This park is a beautiful place. If we were to see nothing else in this area, we would be waking up each morning to natural beauty … Continue reading →
We arrived yesterday at 4:00 in the afternoon. We set up our campsite. Steve handled the outside work, connecting utilities, unhooking the Jeep from the tow bar, setting up our grill, and many other related chores. I unpacked our stowed … Continue reading →
Living a better way now – taming the thoughts I think – You ask – Why make a change – why not think the same – Learning things I should have known raised my Expectations in this life from good … Continue reading →
Posted in Adventure, Memoir, Poetry	| Tagged Believing, Calvary, Change, Confidence, Expectations, Gospel, Grace, Growing, Healing, Jesus, Learning, Plain talk, Power over spirits, Strength to use authority, Taming thoughts	| Leave a comment
Steve and I have been traveling since April 17. We headed north for Flagstaff, Arizona, and it was cold. We continued west to Holbrook, Arizona, and it was cold. We should have expected it, but we didn’t. We were uncomfortably … Continue reading →
Up the mountain, down the mountain, up the mountain, down the mountain. This is what it seems like to me traveling on I-17 North to Flagstaff, Arizona. I’m not a mountain enthusiast, but I’m determined to get to our destination … Continue reading →
Little Chelsea, the bravest Bichon Frise I know, out for her evening walk, trails behind Steve. She has her good days, many in fact, but she has her bad days, too. Fifteen years of woofing and doing doggy stuff has … Continue reading →
This is my office space within the living room area of our coach. This is where I spent the better part of eight days finding and booking 37 RV parks for our year 2017 6,588 mile tour of the … Continue reading →
Stretching ourselves again – Lord – Leaving our comfort zone …. How I’ve settled here – Loving sameness – Loving stillness – Sometimes seeing the day we leave Our campsite as the day We launch our home on wheels … Continue reading →
You raise both arms in defeat and claim, with a sour face, that exams can’t be survived in Ramadan, especially not in the scorching heat of May’s mornings and afternoons. [ … ]
Written by Nada Hemida Previously: Long Live the King: Episode 9 – Bleeding Out I wasn’t tracking just Karim and Sarwat this whole time. I’ve been looking for their supposed thief, [ … ]
Written by Dania Akkawi “Keep Walking” So disheartened, I am distracted. from what I want; who I am. I pull away, making myself busy with plans and papers. [ … ]
Written by Dalia Ismail All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances, Shakespeare – As You Like It (Act [ … ]
Written by Mariem ELTagoury Hello Cairenes! This month, seeing as Alaa is feeling a little bit under the weather, I’ll be bringing you our College Life tips. It’s almost the [ … ]
Seabed-to-surface engineering firm Subsea 7 announced its �63m contract from BP Exploration Operating Company today, safeguarding 100 jobs at the company.
The deal is part of the second phase of the Clair Ridge Project, 75km west of Shetland, which is undergoing �4.5bn investment from BP.
The Clair Ridge development will comprise of two new bridge-linked platforms north-east of Clair Phase 1, with an estimated access to 640m barrels of recoverable oil, and see up to 120 thousand barrels per day at peak, extending the life of the field to 2050.
Subsea 7's contract includes the project management, engineering, procurement, fabrication and installation of a 6km 22" oil export pipeline and a 14km 6" gas export pipeline connected to the new production facilities and existing Clair Phase 1 export systems.
The pipeline systems will allow product to be transported from Clair Ridge to Sullom Voe Terminal (SVT) in the Shetland Islands via a dedicated gas export pipeline spur tied into the Clair Phase 1 pipeline. The associated gas will be tied into West of Shetland Pipeline System via the gas export pipeline.
The 22" oil export pipeline bundle will be fabricated at Subsea 7's Wester site facility in Wick, Scotland and will be installed using the Controlled Depth Tow Method. The 6" gas export pipeline will be fabricated at Subsea 7's Vigra spoolbase, Norway, which engineers continuous pipe laying. The deal has scope to includes tie-ins of integrated subsea towhead structures, field testing and pre-commissioning activities.
Engineering and project management will commence from Subsea 7's Aberdeen office in early 2012, with offshore operations due to commence in 2013.
Subsea 7's UK vice president Steph McNeill was pleased to be awarded a major pipeline project by BP, highlighting the number of jobs it has safeguarded.
"Fabrication will take place at our Wick facility in Scotland, which has a proven track record of successful bundle design, fabrication and installation, securing work for approximately 100 people," said Ms McNeill, "we look forward to helping bring on-stream the Clair Ridge Project in an efficient, timely and safe manner."
Scottish Secretary Michael Moore said: "This major contract underlines the confidence of the oil and gas sector and world-leading engineering firms with bases in Scotland."
Week Commencing 1st January 2018. Energy & business services: 2018 promises to be another year of exciting change in the energy sector, and to highlight how things have progressed in the north the Beatrice Offshore Windfarm team have produced a short booklet outlining the significant milestones that have been achieved during 2017 - you can access the booklet at https://www.beatricewind.com/single-post/2017/12/22/lookingbackat2017 .
Subsea 7 S.A. (Oslo Børs: SUBC, ADR: SUBCY) has announced the award of a substantial contract by Statoil for the Snorre Expansion Project, located in the Tampen area, 150 km west of Florø in Norway.
Offshore activity is ramping up on Premier Oil's Catcher project in the North Sea, with all three Pipeline Bundles now successfully installed. Subsea 7's Alasdair Farquharson and Tammie Sebire and Jon Taylor of Premier Oil reflect on the significance of the first Bundle launch in Wick..
Subsea 7, a global leader in seabed-to-surface engineering, construction and services to the offshore energy industry, is investing over �5.5million in refurbishing its pipeline Bundle fabrication site at Wick, Caithness. Established in 1978, the fabrication site is located six miles north of Wick, Caithness in the North of Scotland.
A pipeline for Elf Exploration UK Limited in the West Franklin Field is well underway at Subsea 7 site at Wester in Caithness. A one off pipeline bundle 6.24km long due to be completed in November 2013.
Companies go through to Scotland-wide final of VIBES awards next week The Highlands and Islands most environmentally-positive companies have been announced by judges of Scotland's leading environmental awards for businesses. Global provider of total subsea solutions, Wick-based Subsea 7, has won the Highlands and Islands large company category, salmon farming specialist Loch Duart, based in Scourie, has won the Highlands and Islands medium-sized company category while Shetland-based recycling project Enviroglass came top in the Highlands and Islands category for small companies.
A kit home and window manufacturer with operations in Caithness and Inverness has been shortlisted for a national award for innovation.
Norscot is one of three finalists in the Scottish Knowledge Exchange Awards 2018 Innovation of the Year category, after developing a system for clients to view their new homes on site virtually before building work starts.
The company partnered with University of Strathclyde to research and develop virtual reality show home software for mobile phones. This combines advanced interactive visualisation of buildings with Building Information Modelling (BIM) data, for the first time. The Construction Scotland Innovation Centre in Hamilton funded the proof of concept.
The project has been supported and facilitated by Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE), who also made the links with Interface, the organisation that runs the awards. Interface in turn helped Norscot find an academic partner to develop the software.
Claire Farquhar, HIE account manager in Caithness, said: "This is a great achievement for Norscot and we are absolutely delighted for them. The company has shown tremendous drive and innovation; important factors for business growth. We wish them every success in the finals."
Peter Body, Norscot chairman, said: "We find clients increasingly asking to view a show home. But, since we specialise in supplying one-off customised kits, throughout the UK, this simply isn't feasible. The new software will allow clients to interact with the design process and view their new home in a virtual environment, on their site, before any work commences."
Interface is funded by the Scottish Funding Council, Scottish Enterprise, and HIE. It encourages businesses to consider academic support to help solve their business challenges. The Scottish Knowledge Exchange awards recognise, reward and celebrate impacts achieved through this form of collaborative partnerships.
The Innovation of the Year Award is for an innovative product, process or service that has been developed with a university, research institute or college partner, facilitated by the Interface Voucher Funding Programme.
Built in 1931, this 3-story SFR is located in the West Hollywood Hills, one of the most sought-after neighborhoods to be a part of. The current property is 2,142 square feet, 3 bedroom 3 bathrooms has not been on the market for over 50 years. This can be a great…
Nestled Between Million Dollar Homes, these 3 joined lots are a great DEVELOPER OPPORTUNITY to build an amazing VIEW HOME! These side by side lots total 18,067 square feet. Zoning will allow one SFR with a max living area of 4,722 square feet. Cash on cash report at $1,400 per…
This great opportunity offers the biggest property on the street. Since all plans were submitted, the hillside ordinance has changed and homes of this size are no longer approved. Both homes will be the crown jewels of entire street. Development One: 30% in process, this 2.5 acres home has approved…
This single story California traditional style home has a 1,782 sq. ft. main house and a 500 SQFT sq. ft. rear building, which is currently used as an office. The total square footage is close to 2,300 sq. ft. The property was built in 1926 and the current owners have…
Moments away from the heart of Hollywood and nestled in the hills of the Dell is a private “Old Hollywood” style Mediterranean home surrounded by a lush oasis. Pull up to the curb and the property’s enclosing walls and beautiful wooden door inspire one’s imagination for the “Secret Garden” that…
Entrada Place in Santa Monica Canyon, is 500 feet from the beach. The property is an unfinished property, ready or a developer or end user to come in and complete. There are 2 options: (1) Build a 3-story structure, which will need approval from LA Coastal. This is probably the…
Amazing opportunity to purchase a lake house with a private dock, in the picturesque Lake Forest community of Hidden Lakes. This 3 bed/ 3 bath single story home is the lowest price in years! The house sits on one of the best locations on the lake with a very large…
Directly on The Beach! Literally the only building in all of Huntington Beach that is on the sand. Live the ultimate beach lifestyle in this Santorini Style Beach Townhouse with blue awnings and white washed exterior with direct beach access, swimming pool, private beach with fire pits, bbq’s, secure gated…
Beautiful Brentwood Home Nestled In the Hills Below the Getty Totally private, gated estate sized 17,343 square foot lot set back off the cul-de-sac street with pool, barbecue area, grassy yard, mature landscaping, outdoor patio areas that are perfect for entertaining, gardens, large motor-court and 3 car garage. Enormous entertaining…
Incredible Views from this Bel Air Ranch Style Home, Renovate or Move Right in Located on prestigious and quiet Linda Flora Dr. in Bel Air, this one story ranch style home boasts incredible views of the Ocean, Getty, Mountain Gate Country Club golf course and the snow capped mountains to…
Ideal Development in Highly Desireable Area: Ranch Style Home on Large Lot Truly a rare opportunity to develop a beautiful, 32,198 sq ft flat lot in the highly desirable Roscomare school district. Situated at the top of a long driveway, this home enjoys ultimate privacy surrounded by beautiful, serene canyons…
Welcome to this contemporary craftsman Bel Air home and its spectacular downtown Los Angeles, city lights, canyon and mountain views. The home is located in a safe, family-friendly, private cul-de-sac, minutes away from one of LA’s best schools. The open kitchen features top of the line Viking appliances, center island…
Potential for Great Upside for this View Home On A Prime Street in Upper Bel Air Development opportunity with outstanding views offers amazing upside potential Located on a prime street in lower Bel Air, this property should not to be missed! According to Underbuilt (see below), a 5,473 sq ft…
Beautiful vacant piece of street-to-street land, prime for development in Studio City. Plans for a 6,876 sq.ft. modern, contemporary masterpiece designed by AMES-PETERSON, should be RTI in March. This is a 9,900 sq.ft. lot with views of the valley and beyond Nearby Schools include Harvard-Westlake School, Bridges Academy and Dixie…
Located south of the Boulevard in trendy Studio City, this beautiful, well maintained single-family residence is located in a quiet pocket near all amenities. Surrounded by tall trees and hedges for ultimate privacy this home has a lot to offer. Entering this charming home, you are welcomed into a large living room with a…
2179 Mandeville Canyon is an architectural treasure nesteled in the hills on a quiet road off of Mandeville Canyon. Crafted by three masters and meticulously maintained, this house is special and unique. First tie on the marketsince This 4 bedroom 3 bathroom house is currently a traditional style and it…
President Trump is rounding out his first 100 days in office with an ambitious tax reform proposal that threatens to nix a provision that Californians particularly enjoy.
Yesterday, the White House unveiled a long-awaited blueprint to restructure the tax code, a plan that is short on detail, but big on bold proposals. Those proposals include doubling the standard deduction and slashing the tax rate on corporate income and capital gains. To pay for these cuts, the administration plans to plug up some of the tax code’s most expensive loopholes.
But axing the state and local tax deduction, one of the largest tax expenditures on Trump’s chopping block, would hit more prosperous Californians. In fact, in the words of the Sacramento Bee, it would “hurt California more than almost any other state.”
IRS tax data indicates that of the nearly $516 billion that American taxpayers deducted in state and local taxes, Californians claimed $101 billion (or 19.6 percent).
The state and local deduction allows people who itemize on their tax forms to write off some of their payments made to state and local governments. Conservatives have long characterized the deduction as a giveaway to blue states where lawmakers can raise taxes without paying the commensurate political price.
It also comes at a big cost to the federal government. The federal Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that closing the loophole would bring in an average of $100 billion in extra federal revenue each year.
But although the deduction may be beloved by blue states, it disproportionately benefits high-earners. That’s both because low-income filers tend not to itemize their deductions, and because the wealthy typically pay higher state taxes—particularly in California with its progressive rate structure. Californians earning over $100,000 take home 83 percent of the deduction, despite making up 18 percent of taxpayers statewide.
While the average taxpayer in the less affluent, inland counties of Modoc, Imperial, and Tehama claim an average of around $1,500 from the state and local deduction, the average Marin taxpayer reduces their taxable income by $17,000.
Still, rich California need not fret. If enacted—and we’re still a long way from that—President Trump’s tax plan looks like a plum deal for most high earners.

set of two accent chairs medium size of two accent chairs set of two accent chairs accent chair two accent accent chairs set of 3.
set of 2 accent chairs with arms cheap leather 4,set of 2 blue accent chairs yellow two popular fabric chair pack inside leather,set of 2 accent chairs with arms two new gallery throughout prepare brown,set of two se lounge chairs in dark brown leather a liked on accent 2 with arms,set of two accent chairs brown 2 canada decoration for living room sale with arms,set of 2 leather accent chairs blue white two in cream fabric by coaster,set of 2 white accent chairs two only shipped regularly just leather 3,set of blue accent chairs 4 2 with table two contemporary for living,mid century modern two tone gray accent chair set of 2 white chairs 3,set of 2 accent chairs with arms white 4 two leopard and table cheap.

See apparel created and modelled by local school students using recycled and re-used materials as they compete for over $700 in great prizes!
Be there for your chance to win one of three great lucky door prizes and many more great raffle prizes donated by local businesses!
Would you like the opportunity to design, make and model your own unique fashion garment – made entirely from recycled materials - and win great prizes? Then the Lions Club of Albury’s
I give permission for the Lions Club of Albury to use my / my child’s image in their promotional material.
5. All garments must be designed and made by students and contain at least 85% recycled materials, trash or other waste material. Please make sure that materials used are safe to yourself and the public.
7. Contestants must provide a short description and photograph of their garment by 24th July to the Lions Club of Albury, PO Box 298, Albury or by email to alburylionsclub@hotmail.com.
9. Finalists will be notified by 7th August and Judging and Awards Presentation will take place at The Lions Club of Albury Trash 2 Fash 2017 Fashion Show to be held at the Commercial Club on Wednesday 16th August 2017.
10. Contestants are responsible for providing someone to model their garment at the Fashion Show – either themselves or another person.
12. Photographs of entries will be posted on the Albury Lions Club website and used in its publications. The winning garments may be displayed at the Albury Library – Museum.
Lions is a community service organisation! People join Lions because they want to user their intellect, creativity, commitment and enthusiasm to get things done.

We offer some great Bible teaching for all ages and all walks of life. It's just too bad that everyone can't begin by enjoying the cool things that take place in the infant, toddler and kids classes before moving on to the bigger people stuff!
Kids classes meet down the hall that heads southeast of the foyer (to the right as you enter the building). The adults meet in the fellowship room down the short hall northwest of the foyer (to the left as you enter the building).
We gather together each Sunday at 10:45 AM in order to worship God and his Son and to encourage one another to live for Jesus as we await his return to the earth and the gift of eternal life in heaven (Hebrews 10:25). We do that through
No one is required or put on the spot to do anything, but all are invited to take part to the level they desire. Under the GET INVOLVED button above, please click on the WORSHIP link for more information that will help make your visit as comfortable as possible.

UK based hard rockers In Search Of Sun have released their new video for In The Garden which will be their third video release under iconic record label, Spinefarm Records. The track comes from their 2017 album Virgin Funk Mother which boasts heavy riffs, funky grooves and huge choruses! Since signing to Spinefarm early last year, In Search of Sun have gone on to support Nothing More on the EU leg of their tour, legendary Korn frontman Jonathan Davis on his solo tour and will also be appearing at Download Festival, France June 15th – 18th 2018.
“There are plenty of leeches in this world that have no other intentions but to suck the life out of you for their own selfish reasons, especially when they choose to not understand the importance of the ones closest to them striving to achieve something creative and worthwhile, which we all know takes years of mental, physical and financial sacrifice.
‘In The Garden’ is a massive ‘f##k you’ statement to every single self-absorbed individual out there unwilling to let the people closest to them grow and flourish. You, the narcissists are the ones who will wind up alone, because you choose to not have the capacity to unconditionally love others, and instead continue to believe that the whole world revolves around you. You should’ve known better!”– Adam Leader, Vocalist
Hailing from London, In Search Of Sun formed back in 2011 and quickly took their music to the road seeing them play Welsh festival, Hammerfest and share the stage with many well known bands such as Bullet For My Valentine, Funeral For A Friend, Pop Evil and many more.
Following the release of their debut album ‘The World Is Yours‘ in 2014, In Search Of Sun found themselves included in the VH1’s ’15 Metal Bands you should be listening to in 2015!’ and album singles ‘Draw The Line‘ and ‘The World Is Yours‘ have earned their place on Kerrang! Radio and Scuzz TVplaylists.
They played numerous events and festivals around the UK and found themselves playing iconic Donnington festival, Download in 2016. This is where they gained the attention of industry giants Spinefarm Records.They were quickly snapped up by the notable label and signed early in 2017 releasing their current album ‘Virgin Funk Mother’ later that year.
Virgin Funk Mother was mixed by Adam Nolly Getgood (Periphery) and features John Browne from Monuments handling guest guitar duties on the second single ‘Bad Girl’.
Audio Interview: Johnny Gioeli talks about his new upcoming album Gioeli-Castronovo “Set the World on Fire”. We also talk about Hardline, Axel Rudi Pell and his solo album to be released later this year!
Prong has been around since 1986 when Vocalist / Guitarist Tommy Victor started the band. To date they have twelve studio albums including “Zero Days” released last year. The show at Studio Seven was filled […]
One of the reasons I added Fusion Music to the title of this music webzine is I wanted to cover more than just metal. I think we do a good job with rock, metal, 80’s […]
I had the honor of watching and photographing Blacktop Mojo, for the first time Monday night in Seattle. I had watched a couple videos and listened to some songs and was not sure what to […]
Price Theory<Assignment 2 { Market Power Two rms produce a homogeneous product. Market demand for the product is given by the equation, Qd=500000-800P Firms 1 and 2 have marginal costs of MC 1= 65 and MC2= 120 respectively. Firms compete by simultaneously selecting the quantity of output that they will produce for sale in the market Question 1: Rearrange the demand function to nd inverse demand for this market. (2 Marks) Question 2: Find the residual demand function for each rm, and the corresponding marginal revenue func...	More
Price Theory Assignment 2 { Market Power Two rms produce a homogeneous product. Market demand for the product is given by the equation, Qd = 500; 000 More
Price Theory Assignment 1 { Consumer Theory Carbon dioxide (CO2) is emitted when drivers use petrol to power their cars. CO2 emis- sions are a negative externality of petrol use, as they contribute to global warming. One way to correct this market failure is to levy a corrective tax (also known as a Pigovian tax) on petrol. Suppose that Sally has an income of $300 per week. Sally's utility is given by the function U(x; y) = pxy, where x is the quantity of petrol (measured in litres), and y is the quantity of the composite good. The marg...	More
Powered by Nektan, the SlotStrike Casino is a fast-loading and user-friendly site offering 500+ video slots and table games, as well as a chance to win the major prize by beating a live dealer. Built on the premises such as security and trusts, the brand also relies on the Gibraltar Gambling Commission and the UK Gambling Commission to ensure fairness in the games’ outcome. Fast and secure payments are a pleasant experience as the casino utilizes PayPal, Visa and Paysafecard as ways for players to fund their accounts. Promotions and bonuses help the registered members to reach their goals faster and we bring a closer look in the SlotStrike Casino review. Read and find out the results of our test.
The SlotStrike Casino belongs to a larger family of brands belonging to the Nektan’s growing army of entertainment platforms. Following the latest trends in the industry, the site features a distinctive design, making it easy to stand out from the crowd. With a responsive interface, there is no difference between mobile and desktop experience, asking no app download in order to work on Android or iOS machines. Register and login to enjoy the preset features.
The Strike Zone, or the games’ lobby if you prefer, looks like a shooting range with over 500 titles for your convenience. Popular games will wish you a warm welcome tempting to try your luck on the progressive jackpot titles as the counter displays the current prize pool in the real time. Using the main menu placed leftmost, switch between the video slots, latest games, live casino and other available options. Blackjack, baccarat, roulette and their variations stand at the table games fans’ disposal, but there’s no other way to find a specific title but to browse the entire collection. Luckily, the free play mode is enabled by default, allowing you to try any title before start playing for real.
The SlotStrike Casino welcome bonus is about to be triggered with our promo code granting a nice amount of cash and spins to your bankroll. The other promotions are also deposit-based, offering more spins and extra money on a daily, monthly and weekly basis. We elaborate all terms & conditions in detail, so make sure to come back here again.
Get in touch with the customer support via email and get the answer in no less than 24 hours or call them on phone between 08.00 and 00.00 CET.
Make a deposit or withdrawal using a range of popular payment processors such as PayPal, Paysafecard, credit and debit cards, as well as the online banking. All transactions are SSL-encrypted.
Established and located within the EU borders, the platform works in accordance with the community’s strict legal regulation.
In addition to the Comodo firewall security protocol, the site is certified by IBAS and cooperates with the authorities such as GambleAware. Moreover, all games use the latest installment of the RNG software.
The SlotStrike Casino is one of the best-looking sites ever produced by Nektan, that’s our opinion. In comparison to the alternatives from the same family, the site offers more action and improved bonuses, as well as the support for the globally-accepted payment processors. Long story short, all mentioned makes it a recommended site for a range of customers.

This month’s episode of Economic Development Secrets features Tanner Jones, Research Analyst for Baldwin County, Alabama’s Economic Development Alliance. The episode focused on research and data and how communities can use this information as a resource. In the excerpt below, Tanner gives advice to economic developers on how to begin using data more and where to find the information they need.
It can be very intimidating, the amount of information that’s available and trying to make sure that you’re using it in not only an efficient way, but that you are providing accurate and up to date information. I think the Census Bureau is a great place to start. I know some people use On the Map, or Business Builder. I’m a huge fan of just going through the American Fact Finder which is on the Bureau’s website and just looking at an individual municipality or at the county and clicking through the information that’s available on there.
There are a number of government resources out there. BLS, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, BEA the Bureau of Economic Analysis. All those public resources are the same but the Census Bureau of course covers the most information. I would suggest to start there if its intimidating, just start with income information and pick that apart. Or just start with your demographic information on the population and just kind of look at that from a year over year basis. I think showing those trends is important for the momentum of your community and making sure that you’re making the right decisions from at least using the data that you have.
Travellers Two is a full length recording from the duo of Tara Burke (Fursaxa) and Sharron Kraus, recorded and mixed in Finland and Pennsylvania. Togerther Kraus & Burke create an ethereal record of dark-folk magic. Tara Burke and Sharron Kraus were due to travel to Finland together for a week but missed the flight, so instead they decided to spend the week recording together, and Travellers Two is the result. The time was spent out in the fields, visiting burial mounds, and then coming back to Sharron's home studio to work. They had played previously together and done some recording but this is the first time an album was conceived.
Fursaxa is Tara Burke. Formerly a member of the Silbreeze band UN, Tara started her Fursaxa project in 1999 after UN disbanded. After being a long time resident of Philadelphia, Tara decided to leave the "city of brotherly love" for the touring life. So from April 2005 to April 2006 she toured extensively throughout the UK, the USA, and Europe with friends and fellow musicians Jack Rose, Sharron Kraus, Alexander Tucker, Christina Carter, Marcia Bassett, and the Spires That In the Sunset Rise, to name a few. For her live performances she uses mostly looped vocals, flutes, and percussion, a Casio keyboard, guitar, and mandolin, in an attempt to transport her audience into the ethereal realms. On her forthcoming album Alone In the Dark Wood, she employs a myriad of instruments such as mandolin, guitar, violin, banjo, balalaika, organ, bells, flute, percussion, and voice. Tara has recently been collaborating with several other musicians. Espers member Helena Espvall and Tara have a duo called Anahita, and in 2006 released Arcana en Cantos on the Deserted Village label from Ireland. They are currently working on their second release. Currently, Fursaxa is playing and recording her music in the rural hills of Pennsylvania.
Sharron Kraus is a singer/musician/songwriter who creates music rooted in the folk traditions of England and Appalachia. Her work is characterized by soil-rich vocals, haunting banjo, fine acoustic guitar and visionary wordcraft. Her songs are populated by a carnival array of fatally charismatic characters, telling tales of enslavement, perversion, incest, obsession, love and death. Sharron’s live performances are stark, compelling, and delicate. As with her music, her performance continues the tradition of the balladeer. She is like the roving storyteller, bringing tales of terror, sadness and joy to a stranger’s hearth on a dark and stormy night.
Sharron’s debut album Beautiful Twisted was released by Australian psych label Camera Obscura in 2002, and received rave reviews around the world. It was listed in Rolling Stone Magazine’s Critics’ Top Albums of 2002. After touring with US psychedelic folk band The Iditarod, she collaborated with them on an album of wintry songs and soundscapes entitled Yuletide and released by avant/experimental label Elsie and Jack in 2003.
Sharron’s second solo album, Songs of Love and Loss, was recorded at home in Oxford and at Dungeon Studios in the Cotswolds. The album features Jane Griffiths on fiddle and viola, Jon Fletcher on harmonica and occasional guitar, banjo and vocals, Colin Fletcher on bass, as well as BBC Folk Award-winning fiddler Jon Boden and Grammy-nominated early music violinist Giles Lewin. The album was finished in Providence and mixed with Jeffrey Alexander (The Iditarod, Black Forest/Black Sea). Songs of Love and Loss is a natural follow-up to Beautiful Twisted, in places darker and more discordant, in others gentler and sweeter.
Other recent and ongoing collaborations include The Black Dove, an album written and recorded with Californian folk songsmith Christian Kiefer and Leaves From Off the Tree, an album of traditional songs recorded with Meg Baird and Helena Espvall released on Bo’ Weavil Recordings.
Sharron has been featured in The Wire, Dirty Linen, New Folk Sounds, Arthur Magazine, Ptolemaic Terrascope and Broken Face. She has been interviewed on BBC Radio 3 for ‘A Place Called England’ discussing the future of English folk music and recorded sessions for BBC Radio Scotland, Freakzone on Radio 6, and independent radio stations across the US. Her fanbase includes veteran folkies Shirley Collins and Archie Fisher as well as indie figureheads Michael Gira, David Tibet and Sonic Youth’s Thurston Moore.



Researchers have helped create the first tool to calculate the ‘nitrogen footprint’ of an organization. The tool will provide a guide to sustainability and pollution reduction for daily activities such as food consumption, travel and energy use.
Previous Post: Your produce is less healthy than it was 70 years ago. These farmers might change that
The Paris conundrum: How do we actually know how much carbon is being emitted? – Environmental News Bits
Will we be able to verify the Paris climate accord? Right now, science is not up to the task, say the people in charge of assessing our annual emissions of CO2.

Some urban legends are best left untested! Yuuto Suoh gets more than he bargained for when he joins his childhood friend Mitsuki Shimoya in testing out an urban legend. When he uses his phone to take a picture of himself with the local shrine's divine mirror, he is whisked off into another world – one heavily steeped in the lore of the old Norse myths. Using his knowledge gained from school and from his solar-powered smartphone, he has the chance to bring the Wolf Clan, the same people who cared for him, to prominence, all while earning the adoration of a group of magic-wielding warrior maidens known as the Einherjar.
This blend of ambition, degeneracy, laziness, and ineptitude is a beast meant for only the most skilled hate-watchers

The Entrepreneurs Book of Actions published by McGraw Hill helps you develop the mindset of a true entrepreneur and provides manageable steps for making your business vision a reality. Informative, inspiring, and based on real-life, hard-earned lessons, it provides common-sense, daily exercises you can jump into on day one.
You’ll begin to see your business in a completely new way―with a sense of clarity and purpose. You’ll begin identifying the issues that really affect your business―not the ones that feed your anxiety. You’ll become the kind of leader other entrepreneurs look up to―calm, optimistic, driven.
The Entrepreneurs Book of Actions will provide the direction you need to make the best use of your time, your energy, and your creativity. It’s not isn’t a quick fix. It’s work. But it’s manageable, it’s proven effective―and it will pay off big.
Love this book - I am actually doing it by week, and following the book - really makes you think, and I feel like I have made some great conclusions already about myself and how I approach business. -- asap1082
If you are in business and want to be better...take the time to read and do the exercises. It will pay off. -- billrg
"Rhett knows that real change happens through action. His inspiring book is packed with practical techniques that will make you the leader and entrepreneur you’ve always wanted to be."
-- Marshall Goldsmith, executive coach, New York Times bestselling author, number one leadership thinker in the world by Thinkers50
“As a performance coach who works with athletes, coaches, and corporate executives―on and off the field, I know the importance of practice when the stakes are high first hand. I found Power’s exercises inspiring and essential for any emerging businessperson.”
“Follow Rhett’s advice every day. After a week, you’ll be uncommon. After a month, you’ll be special. After a year, you’ll be remarkable…and you’ll find that you’ve done more than you ever imagined possible.”
“Starting a new business can be exciting and challenging―and also lonely and scary. The Entrepreneur’s Book of Actions is like a wise companion for the journey; someone to encourage you to focus on what’s truly important, overcome your fears, and take the steps to keep moving toward your vision.”
“If entrepreneurs are anything they are busy. And as much as they may want to set aside time for self-improvement, the major investment in time required always seems to get in the way. In his new book Rhett short-circuits this common problem―providing readers with a compact, easy-to-apply daily prescription for transforming themselves, and their businesses. Buy a copy of this book, and today really will be the first day of the rest of your life.”
“Who can’t benefit from a personal coach? Rhett Power’s The Entrepreneur’s Book of Actions can function as your coach, inspiration, and road map for success! This book is a must-read for anyone on their entrepreneurial journey. It’s a day to day guide that will get you started and keep you going!”
Rhett appears on WLTX in Columbia South Carolina where he went to college to promote Book of Actions. See the interview here.
Rhett appears on Good Morning Washington DC to talk about his new book and share his insight on how to change habits. See the interview here.
Rhett appears on Cheddar to talk about his new book and share his insight on how to change habits and a little politics. See the interview here.
How To Build A Thriving Business (Without Losing Yourself In The Process) my interview with Kevin Kruce on my philosophy on leadership and time management. Read here.
The advice here will help readers grow both personally and professionally to better structure and execute their ambitions. Read here.
Unlock your full potential and experience true personal growth that will help you in your business endeavors and beyond by reading Powers' book. Read here.
In 2007, Rhett Power and Peter Gasca resigned from lucrative consulting jobs with tremendous professional freedom to start their first company together, Wild Creations. Just a year later, the worst economic recession in a generation paralyzed the global economy. In the face of overwhelming odds, and in true entrepreneurial form, Power and Gasca were able to persevere with a great deal of creativity, common sense, and, ultimately, sheer determination.
Within two years, Wild Creations grew to be recognized by the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce as the fastest-growing company in the state and by Inc. Magazine as one of the 500 fastest-growing companies in the U.S.
Through One Million Frogs, Gasca and Power hope to provide other aspiring entrepreneurs with validation and inspiration, using the knowledge they gained in growing a highly successful business of their own in one of the most tumultuous times in a generation.
I've been a student of business and entrepreneurial books most of my life. I've read the best of them from Jim Collins to Dan Miller. I have to say that this book is the most concise and informative books on starting a business that I've ever read. It not only presents the hard facts like needing a business plan, doing financial forecasting, and more, but it also presents those lessons enmeshed into the story of the Wild Creations empire. Anytime someone wants to start a business, and I'd hand them this book and force them to read it first. Then, once they're done, I'd ask, "Do you still want to start your own business?" -- Dr. David Powers
Great book - real life examples of what it is like to start up a startup and the work and sacrifice to make it work. Buy It! -- Ron F
Great story of how to build a business and how to survive tough times. This is a great read and a must read if you are in business. -- PM
Great raw examples of the highs and lows experienced while building a business. I'm happy that the unglamorous side of the entrepreneurial experience is conveyed so transparently. A very helpful read to anyone considering becoming an entrepreneur.

Working plantation with true southern charm. Features world famous avenue of oaks, 9 original slave cabins, butterfly garden, and a colonial revival style 1936 mansion. Tours and theatrical performances offered daily. Used in the filming of North...more
My husband and I went on a tour of this plantation it is something I had wanted to do for sometime now. I was very pleased with the way it looked, the avenue of oaks is beautiful and the gardens are lovely. It was intresting...More
Boone Hall Plantation. This would be a nice place to visit if you knew what you were getting yourself into. We wanted to see an authentic plantation. The grounds are beatiful and the Slave Cabins are interesting. The biggest dissapointment is the hosue. We went...More
My mom and I loved our visit, we especially loved the speaker who talked about the Gullah and slave culture on the plantation. It was very informative and she was very passionate about her culture. This was no additional charge and something all our young...More
I’m a huge North & South fan, so I was really excited for this tour. When touring the mansion, you only get to see two rooms. You had to sign up for any guided tours of the estate, which had wait times of an hour....More
Superb residence and fun guide to show us around. The gardens are magnificent and looking at the few lovely horses was lovely. The best part though was to attend the one-woman show with this lady singing and telling us all about the past, her ancestors...More
I visited the Plantation when I attended the Scottish Highland Games. I could not believe how big the grounds are. Everything was well organized and easy to access. When we left we saw all the things they had hanging for Halloween. I'll bet that was...More
Despite the extreme heat, my husband and I truly enjoyed our tour of the Boone Hall Plantation. There are a variety of tours, one on a hayride of the grounds, the other is in the "mansion". And there is a play and a self guided...More
Lots of history, fun wagon ride around the plantation. The driveway is amazing with huge oak trees lining. The gardens were beautiful and house tour was interesting.
It's an interesting old plantation home, with loads of history. I found the house tour a little dry, but there's plenty of room to wander about the grounds. The Gullah presentation was over the top! Don't miss it!
While it was nice to see a working plantation, the price was really expensive. Also, the tours were short and not a lot of information was given. Good for people interested in this;however, the price almost ruined the experience.
Kinda disappointed to only get to see 3 rooms of the house. The live oak tree lined Avenue and boat house are amazing. It is nice but could have been better.
This is the oldest and longest working plantation in America. You will learn about the plantation owner, slavery and the end of slavery, as we know it today. In fact you will learn that slavery is still alive at many places in the world. That...More
HI, I'd like to know, is Ed Hansen, mentioned in the Tripadvisor comment, a Boone hall guide or is he a private guide who accompanies tours from Charleston? Thanks, Astrid
Do you have to buy tickets in advance or is it ok to just show up and buy a ticket? I was hoping to just show up at our leisure.
You can just show up and buy them there or you can purchase them ahead of time. I purchased mine at the Visitor's Centre prior to going there when I bought my city tour there.
Perfect location on Las Ramblas, we were kinda afraid that we would not be able to sleep at night from the noise on the streets but this was no problem. Really nice staff at the reception desk. Clean rooms and comfortable beds. Only complaint that I can find is that the WiFi was kinda slow, but that is really a minor detail. Would definitely stay here again.More
We booked a nice looking modern rooms as shown on the sites and when we reached we found out the hard way that there are renovated rooms and old ones, and yes you guessed it we got the old ones. Old furniture, old towels, thin walls, minibar closet with no minibar in it, had to carry actual metal keys with big key chain, top it all with waking up to noisy renovation works. My first trip to Barcelona and I believe the last.
I'm sorry to hear that we were below expectations! I recommend you to give another oportunity to our lovely city. It's true that we have Deluxe romos and regular ones, sorry if the one you choose doesn't fit with you. Would love to see you again and have the chance to change that idea of Barcelona!
The hotel is located in a great spot but you'll find little to no amenities. We checked in around 1:00 and found a very hot room. They told us to let them know if it didn't cool down, which we did. When we complained again the 3rd time, they finally said they thought it was blocked and brought a fan around 2230 hours. We would have cancelled this room after first seeing it but since we booked ahead through another site, we would have lost our money for a 3 day stay.
Thanks for your feedback, we really appreciate it. I'm sorry to hear that your A/C doesn't work propperly. We will double check so we will be able to find a solution.
I would thoroughly recommend this hotel if visiting Barcelona. Right on Las Ramblas so you walk out the door straight into the buzz, and fabulous little cafes/bars/markets stalls/shops, and directly across from Plaza Real. Fantastic vibe.
Very friendly and helpful staff, room was clean and spacious, bathroom/shower same. Great value for money. Perfect choice so will be back ☺️
Thanks for your recommendation Tricia! It's the best thing you can do for us! Would definetly love to see you again!
The hotel is fairly clean, service is good and the breakfast was great. The rooms does not have USB to charge phone, only one 110 outlet so if you have more than one person then you have to take turns to charge your phone. It is a little noisy if your room is located on the street. Overall not a bad experience.
I have reviewed the Oriente previously. I gave it a 5***** rating. After this last visit nothing has changed. High professional level of service, personal, cheerful, helpful and proficient reception staff. Room service and meals all excellent. I would like to add however, that on this occasion there was a taxi strike which made a difficult situation for tourists, and locals. I would like to mention two of the reception staff in particular; Daniel and Ieva who went above and beyond what is usually expected and helped to resolve the taxi situation for us. It took many phone conversations to do so. We were extremely grateful to them. Nothing was too much trouble for them; they were friendly, approachable and pleasant. Thanks again Oriente for creating another good memory.
Thanks a lot for your kind words! We are super happy that you decided to return and would love to see you again!

All our lighting fixtures are hand-made to your specifications, and are well worth the wait. Please allow 6-8 weeks lead time for fabrication and packing for shipment. Actual delivery time will vary by shipping method chosen.
High-end reproductions of period lighting for over 50 years. We have a full custom shop and make all products by hand in our Vermont workshops. We are a UL listed company.
The XSR900™ blends Yamaha engineering with neo-retro style, creating a thrilling, timeless machine for riders seeking an authentic and honest motorcycle with plenty of performance.
A STYLE ALL ITS OWN: The XSR900 blends Yamaha’s world-class engineering with standout neo-retro style, creating a new type of machine for riders looking for an authentic and honest motorcycle that doesn’t sacrifice performance. Drawing influence from Yamaha’s classic “XS” series of motorcycles, the XSR oozes class, with exposed aluminum details, retro-influenced bodywork, stepped seat and custom lighting and instrumentation.
COMPACT, SPORTY CHASSIS: Underneath the new bodywork, an aluminum frame features a sport-oriented wheelbase, with rake and trail geometry working with the compact 3-cylinder engine to achieve light and nimble handling.
ADJUSTABLE SUSPENSION: Both front and rear suspension systems feature spring preload and rebound damping adjustments for a truly customizable ride. Up front, an inverted fork with 41 mm inner tubes provides 5.4 inches of travel, while the rear linkage-type monoshock uses a nearly horizontal layout for improved mass-centralization, along with 5.1 inches of rear wheel travel.
LIGHTWEIGHT WHEELS: Lightweight 10-spoke cast aluminum wheels are fitted with a 120/70ZR17 front tire and 180/55ZR17 rear tire for excellent traction.
ADVANCED RIDE-BY-WIRE THROTTLE WITH D-MODE: The XSR900 is equipped with Yamaha’s Chip Controlled Throttle (YCC-T) for precise throttle control, as well as Yamaha’s selectable D-MODE, which allows the rider to adjust engine character on the fly. STD Mode is set to accommodate a wide range of riding conditions, A Mode gives the rider a sportier throttle response in the low-to mid-rpm range, and B Mode lets the rider enjoy a softer throttle response.
ADJUSTABLE TRACTION CONTROL: The XSR900’s Traction Control System lets the rider get on the gas with more confidence, by regulating ignition timing, fuel injection and throttle valve opening based on wheel speeds. Three modes are available: Mode “1” is for minimal intervention, Mode “2” is for maximum intervention, and “OFF” switches the system off entirely.
VIBRATION REDUCING COUNTERBALANCER: To reduce vibration and provide a smooth, modern engine character, the motor uses a geared counterbalancer that revolves in the opposite direction as the crankshaft.
FRACTURE-SPLIT CONNECTING RODS: Just like Yamaha’s racetrack-developed supersport models, the XSR900 makes use of fracture-split connecting rods for the ultimate in precision and performance. The fracture-split method splits the big-end ring of a connecting rod in two by applying a sharp impact, to create a perfectly matching surface when it is bolted around the crankshaft.
UNIQUE STAGGERED INTAKE FUNNELS: To create the XSR900’s potent mid-range torque and unique intake sound, the engine’s intake funnels have been designed with three uneven lengths. Combined with the YCC-T system, the XSR900 gives its rider the ‘right-now’ thrust ideal for street riding.
COMPACT 6-SPEED TRANSMISSION: The XSR900’s 6-speed transmission takes full advantage of the low-to-mid-range torque and excellent response of the inline triple, while further enhancing the narrow 3-cylinder design.
ASSIST-AND-SLIPPER CLUTCH: The XSR900 includes an advanced assist-and-slipper clutch unit that provides both greater clamping force and back-torque reduction. This allows for the use of lighter clutch springs - reducing clutch lever effort by 20% - as well as minimizing rear-wheel hop under aggressive deceleration.
ADVANCED INSTRUMENTATION: The new round LCD panel features a ton of information: digital tachometer, speedometer, gear position, eco mode indicator, TCS and D-MODE indicators, ambient and coolant temperature, a fuel gauge and range of trip computer functions, including a clock, instant and average fuel consumption, fuel reserve trip meter and the usual trip meters.
NEO-RETRO LIGHTING: Up front, a large, round multi-reflector headlight provides both style and illumination in equal measure, complete with trick aluminum supports, while out back, a round all-LED tail and brake light is mounted above the rear fender.
STYLISH AND ERGONOMIC FUEL TANK: A compact 3.7 gallon fuel tank with offset fuel filler is shrouded by beautifully shaped and hand-finished aluminum covers for a timeless design.
UNIQUE XSR900 DETAILING: Every aspect of the XSR900 shows Yamaha’s attention to detail: The single-piece stepped saddle features a stitched “XSR900” logo. The mirrors are classic teardrop shapes with excellent rearward visibility. The compact radiator is flanked by exposed aluminum covers. The front fender uses retro-influence aluminum stays. The XSR900 demands a second look, every time.
A STYLE ALL ITS OWN: The XSR900™ blends Yamaha’s world-class engineering with standout neo-retro style, creating a new type of machine for riders looking for an authentic and honest motorcycle that doesn’t sacrifice performance. Drawing influence from Yamaha’s classic “XS” series of motorcycles, the XSR oozes class, with exposed aluminum details, retro-influenced bodywork, stepped seat and custom lighting and instrumentation.
ADVANCED CROSSPLANE CRANKSHAFT CONCEPT ENGINE: The XSR900 features a thrilling 847cc Crossplane Crankshaft Concept liquid-cooled inline 3-cylinder, DOHC, 4-valve-per-cylinder engine based on the FZ-09™. The compact motor offers the best balance of both 2- and 4-cylinder designs, with an exciting, torquey and quick-revving engine character.
POWERFUL BRAKING WITH ABS: The XSR900 provides exceptional braking power with confidence thanks to sportbike-spec brakes backed up with the security of ABS.
COMPACT, SPORTY CHASSIS: The narrow aluminum frame features sport-oriented geometry to achieve light and nimble handling. Adjustable suspension front and rear allows the rider to customize their XSR900 to match road conditions and personal preferences.
SUPPORTIVE ERGONOMICS: Bolstered high back seats provide great support and plush comfort, and they’re positioned for optimal visibility. The driver’s seat is 3-position adjustable.
ROOMY CAB: Class-leading legroom, and a tough, textured floor surface make it easy to find a comfortable position whether you’re driving or riding. A standard suntop offers additional protection from the elements.
COMFORT FOR THE ROUGHEST TRAILS: Three-point seat belts, shoulder bolsters and an adjustable passenger handhold add to the secure comfortable feeling. Tough, rotomolded doors help keep mud, water and dirt on the trail where they belong.
SECURE, DURABLE BRAKING: Large diameter front and rear wheel disc brakes provide unsurpassed stopping power with twin pistons for excellent, and predictable, overall brake feeling. Drilled rotors increase cooling and reduce noise plus the wet parking brake is completely sealed, so it’s protected from the elements and it’s virtually maintenance-free.
HEAVY-DUTY CARGO AND TOWING CAPACITY: The tough, molded composite bed is rated to haul 300 pounds of gear, with a design that allows you to reposition the tailgate to handle different sized loads—and a 1 inch divider notch provides even more versatility. In the bed are six steel tie-down hooks to secure cargo. A standard, heavy-duty two-inch receiver-style hitch can tow up to 1,500 pounds.


Bubble Charms 2 is a bubble capturing sport. Use three or extra of the identical shade bubbles to shoot and destroy bubbles. Acquire extra gold COINS to enhance your pet’s skill. Have enjoyable.

Times are kind of tough for my wife and me, as I am sure it has been for many of you. My place of employment (a small print shop in So Cal) has been very, very, slow due to the economy so I haven’t been getting full time hours and the prospect of getting a new job in the printing business doesn’t seem very good either.
One thing I am doing to attempt to supplement my income is to try and boost business at my online T-shirt shop “Evo-T’s” and this brings me to the point of this post.
I am making available add banners in various sizes and colors (similar to the one on the right side of this blog) and would like to request that anyone with a MySpace page, a personal web-page or blog, please consider placing one of these banners on your site. The more traffic I get the more likely I’ll sell a few shirts and then maybe I won’t have to think about canceling my internet connection (one of the few luxuries we have left).
I would of course be willing to reciprocate, and I am also always looking for new shirt ideas. Also if you haven’t already please consider adding Evo-T’s as a MySpace friend.
Update: Things just got worse. The boss officially informed me that my hours will be cut to a maximum of 24 (three days) a week. A new or additional job is a must now.
This entry was posted in Creationism, Defending evolution, Evolution, Intelligent design, Personal and tagged business, Creationism, evolution, T-shirts. Bookmark the permalink.

The unit will serve a wide variety of medical and surgical oncology and acute care patients where nurse to patient ratios are 4-5:1 consistently. Our approach is interdisciplinary and puts the patient and their family at the center of care. The unit will work collaboratively with residents, APPs and physicians and a variety of services including General Oncology, Surgical Oncology, Gynecologic Oncology and a select group of Hospitalists.
Want to take a tour of Nebraska Medicines campus and various patient care units? Visit https://www.nebraskamed.com/Tours to register for your tour with us and learn how you can Be Extraordinary!
Provide, prescribe, delegate, and coordinate nursing care with other health care providers to meet holistic care needs of a designated group of patients. Environment of care may be long term, emergent, critical, acute, interventional, or procedural driven.
Bachelors degree in nursing (BSN) required unless candidate meets all of the factors to qualify for Exception A or Exception B*.
Based on position, prior experience in one or more of the following areas including cardiology, cardiac drip management, critical care, emergency department, medical-surgical, obstetrics, cardiovascular rehabilitation, telemetry, oncology, neonatal intensive care, pediatric acute care, solid organ transplant, cath lab, EP lab, quality assurance related to health care, perioperative and special procedures in applicable nursing specialty area preferred.
Based on position, one or more of the following courses including STABLE, smoking cessation counseling, basic critical care, or other specialty training courses preferred.
Proficient with use of departmental equipment and systems such as patient care equipment, telecommunication systems, information systems, pneumatic tube system, general patient care supplies, and transport equipment preferred.
EXCEPTION A: Candidate must meet all of the following: (1) has current experience directly applicable to position; (2) is deemed the best candidate for the position; and (3) written approval to hire a candidate without a BSN is received from the appropriate levels of operational leadership, nursing professional practice leadership and the Chief Nursing Officer. If a candidate is hired without a BSN after meeting these criteria, the candidate must either have 30 years of experience directly applicable to the position or sign a written agreement consenting to obtain a BSN within four years from his/her hire date.
EXCEPTION B: Candidate must meet all of the following: (1) is currently employed by Nebraska Medicine, or is eligible for rehire into a benefit eligible employment status at Nebraska Medicine within 364 days of the previous termination date; (2) hired by Nebraska Medicine before November 21, 2014, or hired by an entity acquired by Nebraska Medicine if the employee was hired before the acquisition; (3) has experience directly applicable to position; and (4) currently hold a Registered Nursing License.
Nurse Practitioner: | Required: NYS Registered Nurse with licensure to practice as a nurse practitioner. A Master’s Degree in Nursing required. Must be certified as a Nurse Practitioner by the American Nurses Credentialing Center or similar accrediting licensing organization. | | Physician Assistant: | Required: New York State PA license, certified as a Physician Assistant | Preferred: NCCPA Certification
St. Lawrence University Health & Counseling Center has a full time employment opportunity for a 9 month Physician Assistant/Nurse Practitioner at the Diana B Torrey ’82 Health & Counseling Center.
In this position, the PA/NP will provide assessment, diagnosis, appropriate medical management and patient education for acute episodic illnesses, injuries, and stable chronic diseases. The PA/NP will engage in timely and appropriate consultation with the supervising physician and contribute and actively participate in campus wide health education programs.
Qualifications for PA include: Certification as a Physician Assistant in New York State, current license as a Physician Assistant in New York State, prefer at least 2 years’ experience in an ambulatory health care setting with progressive broad experience in primary care for adolescents and adults. A concentration in psychology is also preferred. Experience in a university or college health setting is desirable.
Qualifications for NP include: Registered Nurse with a Master’s Degree in Nursing and a valid New York State RN license with a Nurse Practitioner Certificate and Furnishing Certificate and DEA. Prefer at least 2 years’ experience in an ambulatory health care setting with progressive broad experience in primary care for adolescents and adults. Experience in a university or college health clinic is desirable. Family Nurse Practitioner preferred but will consider Adult or Pediatric Nurse Practitioner with experience working in adolescent medicine.
The applicant will assist in the biological and biochemical analysis of the renin-angiotensin system. Work will focus on the immunologic, biochemical and metabolic effects of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) on myeloid cells. Several studies from our group has shown that ACE over expression in myeloid cells markedly enhances the function of macrophages and neutrophils (reviewed in Angiotensin-converting enzyme in innate and adaptive immunity. Bernstein KE, Khan Z, Giani JF, et al. Nat Rev Nephrol. 2018 May;14(5):325-336). Our group has recently received an NIH grant to study the mechanism by which ACE causes this effect. We will be pursuing a number of independent avenues, including the effects of ACE on the metabolism of cells. The applicant will be expected to do:
1. Planning, designing, and executing experiments. Includes data interpretation and analysis, and troubleshooting in areas of molecular biology, recombinant techniques, biochemistry, cell culture, RNAi, in vivo techniques, microscopy and molecular imaging. May develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols.
4. Presentation and dissemination of research through oral presentations at internal and external meetings, and writing original research articles for publication in scientific journals.
5. Applies for appropriate and eligible fellowship funding and contribution toward acquisition of lab funding for gene and drug delivery research.
11. Designs and performs experiments. Will keep appropriate experimental records and documentation and analyze the results with the Principal Investigator.
"IBM POWER Systems has a significant opportunity to lead an emerging business Cloud and Power AI Development. Our mission is to deliver hybrid cloud infrastructure for IBM clients leveraging the differentiating capabilities of IBM platforms. Capabilities include advanced Linux virtualization and Analytics acceleration in support of container based technology.
Team members experience an agile based development with significant focus on Design, DevOps, and external Open Source Community development."
Collaborate with the Open Source Community and IBM partners, participating in design discussions and reviews
Working knowledge of networking components such as routers, switches, load balancers, virtualized servers, VPN gateways, firewalls, etc.
The Part-Time Academic & Career Advisor assists students with defining and clarifying their educational and career goals and resolving issues related to academic difficulties.
Provides academic and career advisement for students in the following categories: new, transfer, transient, undecided, and those not making satisfactory progress as outlined in the Standards of Academic Progress
Assists students with creating, following, and adjusting their individualized educational plan (IEP)
Bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited institution in a relevant field and three (3) years of related experience, or Bachelor's degree from a regionally accredited institution in a relevant field and six (6) months experience as an MDC Student Advisement Support
Knowledge and understanding of College organization, goals and objectives, and policies and procedures preferred
Ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form
Ability to interact in a positive manner in a multi-ethnic and multi-cultural environment with students, faculty and staff
Staffmark is hiring for a Production Worker for an established Honda manufacturer in West Jefferson, Ohio! Temp to hire assignment! First shift is 6am until 2:30pm, Second shift is 4pm until 12:30am and Third shift is 10pm until 6:30am. If you are looking for a new Production Worker Position, Staffmark wants to talk to you!
Pay starts at $13.40 to $13.70 an hour with a pay increase upon hire. You also qualify for a competitive health plan upon hire-that is only $6.00 a day!
Must be willing to work in a non-climate controlled production environment and be comfortable striving to meet production goals.
No experience needed in this entry-level manufacturing position. We will train you. All you need is steel toed boots, flexibility to work overtime, and ability to work in other production departments.
LMC Pathology Services an affiliate of Aurora Diagnostics in Las Vegas Nevada has an opening for a full time cytotechnologist.
The candidate must be ASCP certified cytotechnologist, a competent GYN screener and be willing to learn and take part in assisting with FNA adequacy assessment.
las Vegas is a large metropolitan area in southern Nevada in close vasinity of major national parks for abundant outdoors activities, and also at the same time offeres cultural events such as fine arts, a philharmonic and annual book festival to name a few.
Q13 FOX News (KCPQ/KZJO-TV Seattle) is seeking a full time news photographer to join our team in the beautiful Pacific Northwest. Qualified candidate must be a creative visual storyteller and have at least 3 years’ experience as a news photographer/editor. Applicants must demonstrate creativity, initiative, and have a working knowledge of field cameras, non-linear editing and ENG units. Strong newsroom leadership skills a plus.
Primary duties include shooting and editing news packages in the field for inclusion in live reporter segments and functioning as photojournalist in the field. This position is responsible, at times, for gathering information and obtaining on-camera interviews as required. Setting up Dejero, microwave and satellite units and shooting live remotes as required. Familiarity with Sony full size ENG cameras and Final Cut Pro X a plus.
Bill De Blasio won the 2013 mayoralty election convincingly. That victory put an end to 20 years of Republican domination of a Democratic city. De Blasio ran on a progressive platform. He made it clear that he would tackle income inequality, modify stop and frisk excesses and place new emphasis on the construction of affordable housing and not just luxury apartments for the wealthy elite. He was also committed to pre-school education and this fall delivered on the first down payment of that campaign promise.
But the reactionary forces in the city have refused to “go gently into that good night”. What is upsetting to these forces is Rev. Al Sharpton’s access to power in the De Blasio administration and they are using the appointment of Rachel Noerdlinger to the position of chief of staff to the Mayor’s wife, Chirlane McCray to shatter that relationship. The relationship is troubling to the shrunken reactionary forces and to the police unions representing the New York Police Department.
Al Sharpton emerged as a protest leader in the black community from the 1970s when the trio of Alton Maddox, Vernon Mason and Sharpton resisted the white backlash exploits of the then mayor of the city, Ed Koch. They shared the resistance spotlight with other black nationalist-oriented organizations like the December 12th Movement and the Black United Front.
Racial tensions during the 1970s and 1980s were boiling over in the city partly as a result of the murder of Randolph Evans by a police officer, the death of Michael Griffith on a Brooklyn highway fleeing for his life from a white mob in Howard Beach, and the killing of Yusef Hawkins by a mob of white teenagers in Bensonhurst. Social order was becoming increasingly brittle in New York City and it is that racial tension that led to David Dinkins’ defeat of Ed Koch in the Democratic primary and his subsequent election as Mayor in 1989.
Many of the black leaders who were in leadership positions in the 1970s and 1980s, like Elombe Brath, Sonny Carson, Jitu Weusi and Rev Herbert Daughtry have passed on or have passed the baton to a new generation. Sharpton has survived and grown in the process. He no longer is attired in jump suits but business suits and has built the National Action Network as a civil rights organization still with an emphasis of stopping police excesses.
The alliance between De Blasio and Sharpton has led not only to Sharpton having access to Gracie Mansion but professionals at the National Action Network like Rachel Noerdlinger obtaining good-paying jobs at City Hall. It is amazing that any story written by the right wing press invariably mentions Ms. Noerdlinger’s salary. This implies that black folks must wallow in poverty or be just one paycheck from plunging below the poverty line.
Ms. Noerdlinger failed to mention on a Department of Investigation form that she lived with her boyfriend who has had issues with the law as a young man and was again recently charged with marijuana possession in 2011. The Mayor has placed a letter in Ms. Noerdlinger’s personnel file but the right wing mob is clamoring for blood and has used her omission to attack the “unsavory” relationship between the Mayor and the civil rights leader.
The presumption is that Ms. Noerdlinger is responsible for the “sins” of her boyfriend. He is deemed to be unsympathetic to the police and thus threatening to the 35,000 NYPD force. Ms. Noerdlinger’s boyfriend, Hussaun McClain, has no official position in the De Blasio administration yet the Post and the Daily News remain obsessed with the story.
What is of interest is that De Blasio appointed William Bratton as his police commissioner. At a meeting at the soon-to-be opened headquarters of the Police Academy, Mr. Bratton exhorted his commanding officers to weed out members of the rank and file who were racists, corrupt and unprofessional. Police culture is traditionally tribal and there is the strong tendency from police unions and the hierarchy of police departments to circle the wagon and refrain from any internal criticism. Such conduct is anti-thetical to democratic policing.
Bratton is appropriately identified as the Police Commissioner who revolutionized policing when he was appointed Rudy Guiliani’s commissioner in 1994. Criminologist like Franklin Zimring have argued that the expansion of NYPD’s ranks which occurred under Dinkins, the invention of Compstats and commander accountability is the reason why crime in New York City has declined precipitously in comparison to other big cities in the U.S.A.
Bratton’s return sets up an interesting paradox. Bratton is the father along with Prof. George Kelling of “broken windows” and “zero tolerance” policing. The presumption made by some scholars and practitioners is that an indiscretionary arrest policy of petty crimes would lead to the arrest of major crimes. That assumption is false as both misdemeanors and felony crimes have been falling since the 1990s. The pre-occupation with misdemeanor arrests may simply serve as a cover for police officers who simply have a propensity to abuse power.
There is still a lot to cheer in matters of crime and policing in the City. We need not to lose sight of the big picture. In the ten months of the De Blasio administration, most of the seven major index crimes continue remarkably to trend downwards. As of September 21, 2014 there were 225 homicides that occurred in New York City in contrast to 246 during the same period in 2013. In 2013, there were 335 murders, the lowest on record since the 1960s and the City is on track to push the murder rate even lower for 2014. Of the major index crimes, only auto theft has shown a slight increase in 2014. There has been an increase in shootings but NYPD has re-deployed additional resources to the communities where there was this uptick and that seems to have made a difference in shooting incidents.
New York City has come a long way when there were 2,262 murders in 1990 to 335 in 2013. Overall crime has plummeted by 75 percent. The City needs a united front to excise the unprofessional behavior that still has a foothold in NYPD. New York City is the safest big city in the country and it can be made even safer if the police unions join with the Commissioner and the Mayor to integrate NYPD in a wholesome manner in minority communities.
Dr. Basil Wilson is Provost Emeritus of John Jay College of Criminal Justice and Executive Director of the King Research Institute, Monroe College, Bronx, New York. He can be reached at: basilwilson@caribbean-events.com.

Crooked teeth can make you feel self-conscious about the way your teeth look, and can also lead to misalignment and problems such as temporomandibular joint disorder. Misalignment can also lead to abnormal wear, sensitivity, and even eventual tooth loss.
Correcting misaligned teeth requires orthodontic procedures. Although orthodontics such as braces are commonly used for teens or younger people, many adults do not wish to undergo traditional orthodontics. There are various reasons for this, including a desire to avoid the discomfort and unattractiveness of traditional metal braces.
Invisalign is an orthodontic procedure that can correct misalignment without using traditional metal braces, wires, and bands. Dr. Darren K. Dickson, an Invisalign provider in Plano, can answer any questions you may have about this innovative treatment option, and help you decide if Invisalign will work well to give you a perfect smile.
Instead of metal braces and bands, the Invisalign system uses transparent plastic trays to move your teeth gradually into the proper position. After your teeth are evaluated, you are provided with a series of these trays, each of which shifts your teeth a small amount. After you have reached the last tray in the series, your teeth have been shifted into their proper alignment.
Invisalign offers several advantages over traditional braces. The main advantage is that they are practically invisible, removing the self-consciousness many adults feel about the prospect of traditional braces. In addition, the Invisalign trays can be removed for short periods of time, allowing you to attend special events without worrying about the trays. However, it is important to be sure you wear the trays regularly, and for an average of about twenty-two hours every day, in order to ensure the best possible results.
Invisalign is best suited for teeth with relatively minor misalignment. If your teeth are severely crooked or out of place, a more traditional orthodontic approach might be the best solution. For information about Invisalign and how it might help you achieve a perfect smile, please contact Plano Center for Aesthetic Dentistry today.
The Lowry Redevelopment Authority is adding a new sidewalk, 12-foot-wide tree lawn, 27 new street trees and 5.3 acres of new landscape behind the sidewalk. Overhead utilities have been put underground. New traffic signals at Lowry Boulevard and Monaco Parkway will be installed - but will not be operational until Lowry Boulevard opens. The intersection is not scheduled to open until late 2018, due to residential and mixed-use construction underway along Lowry Boulevard in Boulevard One. At that time, new pedestrian crosswalks will be added at Lowry Boulevard and across Monaco.
Check out our new photo gallery filled with recent shots of homes, parks and progress at Boulevard One!

Alice Barringer Mackie (1885-1977) was born at Alexandria in Egypt to Sir James Ogilvie Mackie (of Scotland) and his wife Louise (nee Moubert of France). She was raised as an Edwardian lady of independent means and did not require employment. Ms. Mackie never married. Instead she performed volunteer and charity work. During World War I she was a volunteer driver for a local doctor, as well as volunteering at a local military hospital to care for the sick and wounded soldiers from France. She traveled frequently and extensively, on occasion with University of Colorado Professor Theodore D. A. Cockerell and his wife, Wilmatte Porter Cockerell. During World War II, she was a volunteer fire fighter during the Blitz over London. She assisted with the education of her extended family in New Zealand.

For this week's advanced Liquid Shopify tutorial, we'll be looking at a way to access product information without having to loop over a collection or be on a product detail page.
Let’s have a look at what’s happening. The syntax is pretty simple: all_products takes a quoted product handle as it’s argument.
The handle is used to access the attributes of a Liquid object. By default, it is the object's title in lowercase with any spaces and special characters replaced by hyphens (-). Every object in Liquid (product, collection, blog, menu) has a handle. For example, a page with the title "About Us" can be accessed in Liquid via its handle “about-us”.
In the above example, we have a handle of coffee-cup which represents the product available at yourstore.com/products/coffee. We follow that by .title. When rendered, this will output the title of the product with the handle of coffee-cup.
Note that some of the returned values will be a Liquid collection and because of this would need to be “looped” over. Let’s use the images collection as an example:
Using the Liquid assign tag, we create a new variable called favourites, which are product handles separated by a | character. The | is used as a delimiter to divide the string into an array that we can loop over using for.
We now have access to both products in turn and can output any property associated with it — in the example above I simply display the title.
all_products is a great option when you need to pull out a couple of products in a particular template. Of course, if you are outputting a lot of products, a collection is still the best way forward — principally as you won’t have to manually know all the different product handles. However, all_products makes a great option when you have need of outputting a single, or small number of products, that won't change frequently.
Get design inspiration, practical takeaways and free resources to help you find and delight clients.
You’ll start receiving free tips and resources soon. In the meantime, find out how Shopify’s Partner Program can help you grow your business.
Keir is based in the UK and works on the Marketing Team at Shopify. You can read his latest articles on his personal blog, listen to his podcast, follow him on Twitter, or check out his travel and everyday carry review site Leader of the Pack.


GTA: San Andreas (SA) . PC download, full version . Bhagya November 18, 2017 at 4:07 am Edit. this game has any type of virus ? Reply.



(This is part 2 of a 3-part story investigating Stringham Hospital, a psychiatric facility, and the doctors associated with it. Previously we heard an account from a former patient about his stay there. Patient names have been changed to protect their privacy.)
At the end of Ed’s story, we were perplexed. Was there a story there or not? Maybe what Ed needed was a competent doctor. But stories of cats tormenting rodents sounded too close to the bad old days of New York City to ignore. We decided to split up to do some investigating.
As a cockroach, it seemed natural that I would go to the offices of Dr. Igor, Dr. Boris, and Dr. Bela. I would be able to hide in a nook and listen. Even if I was discovered, it would just look like an addition to the neighborhood.
The office is in a well-kept part of a working neighborhood. They shared the building with several other medical practices. The sign said “Medical Office” under their names. I thought it was a little strange. Usually doctors specialize: “Small Animal Skin Disorders”, “Rodent Eating Disorders,” or the like.
I went one night and settled in a nice spot in the wall where I could get to any part of the office easily. I spent the first day with Dr. Igor. He only works in the mornings. In four hours, he saw twenty-five patients. Needless to say, he only spent a few minutes with each one. But that wasn’t a red flag. Lots of doctors barely see their patients anymore before diagnosing and writing a prescription.
He had a tablet that gave him the patient’s name, address, occupation, and insurance information. It also had the reason the patient was there. A typical visit went something like this:
Doctor: You can pick up a prescription on your way out. Please come back in a week so I can make sure you’re better.
Dr. Igor’s patients got one of three instructions: I’m sorry I can’t help you, I need to refer you to Dr. F.N. Stein, or come back in a week.
The receptionist was Siamese, like the doctors, and talked a lot. I’m surprised the patients could get a word in. Every call was the same: patient species, patient name, patient address, patient phone, patient federal ID number, type of insurance, insurance numbers, and date of appointment. Interestingly, they did not accept cats as patients.
When she got off the call, she immediately called the insurance company to find out when coverage began, whether medical services were covered, if psychiatric services were covered, how long benefits would continue and whether there was monetary limit to the benefits.
I applied for a job at Stringham. At the interview, they said I looked like I would be good at managing patients and hired me as an orderly. Later I discovered that only pure-blood cats would be hired into administrative/executive positions. The rest of us would be orderlies, maintenance or cooks.
We “mutt cats” were treated as if we were invisible. It was degrading, but worked to my advantage. (Ed. Note –The term “mutt cat” was applied by the hospital. This paper does not discriminate based on species or parentage.)
When a patient arrived, the first thing we did was accompany them to their medical assessment. There were five cats (Norwegian Woods) on the panel, with a Dr. Stein as the leader. Everyone who came here was admitted. There was no appeal. If they made too much trouble, an orderly gave them a shot and dragged them to their room.
There were 15-20 animals in each room. We fed them once a day, kitty kibble. Once a week, we put down new litter. The place was beyond disgusting. The patients were mainly small animals with a few dogs thrown in. There were no feline patients.
Every morning, a Burmese named Michele would tell us which animals were to be taken to the lab. She was the head researcher. We took the animals to the lab. She decided which ones she needed that day and told her maintenance staff to get rid of the rest. The maintenance staff was three “mutt cats.” They took the unneeded animals out, and we never saw them again.
We orderlies waited outside until the experiments were over. We took the test subjects back to their room. Usually they were sedated to the point of insensibility.
I think mehitabel should sue, and perhaps do a thorough investigation into the goings on at this institution.
Sorry, we could not find a record with an id of 6c12c1c1-33bb-02a2-1f29-040cb7daec4f in our catalog.	Please try your search again.
This certificate/area of specialization provides students with the basic knowledge and skills to perform an electrocardiogram (ECG). It also introduces basic cardiac arrhythmias and medications used to treat them. After completion of the program, students are eligible to take a national certification exam.
NOTE: Students completing the Medical Assisting Certificate/Area of Specialization will have also fulfilled the requirements for this certificate/area of specialization.
6 Rainier DriveCedar Cove, WashingtonDear Reader,As you may have heard, we've recently had quite a shock. My husband, Seth, and I lost our business, The Lighthouse restaurant-to arson. The investigation continues. The prime suspect is a young ex-employee named Anson Butler, who disappeared right after the fire.So Seth and I are trying to sort out our lives. (And let me tell you, this kind of crisis isnotgood for a marriage.) In the meantime, life goes on for everyone else in Cedar Cove-with marriages, births, reunions and even the occasional scandal. One of the most interesting pieces of news is that Cal, who works on Cliff Harding's ranch, is now rescuing wild mustangs from Wyoming.I have to run-I'm meeting an old friend, Warren Saget, for lunch. Let's talk soon, and I'll fill you in on everything that's happening in town!Justine
As you may have heard, we've recently had quite a shock. My daughter, Justine, and her husband, Seth, lost their business, The Lighthouse restaurant--to arson. The investigation continues. The prime suspect is a young ex-employee named Anson Butler, who disappeared right after the fire.
So Justine and Seth are trying to make plans and sort out their future. (And let me tell you, that kind of crisis is hard on a marriage!) Thankfully, they have a lot of good things in their lives, including Leif, my adorable grandson, and their lovely house at 6 Rainier Drive.
In the meantime, life goes on for everyone in Cedar Cove--with marriages, births, reunions and even the occasional scandal. One of the most interesting pieces of recent news is that Cal, who works for Cliff Harding, is off rescuing wild mustangs in Montana.
Audiobooks, Bed and breakfast accommodations, Detective and mystery stories, American, Fiction, Romance
This module is designed to provide MSc students with a rigorous theoretical framework for analysing and understanding Marketing in various contexts, including a global context. Integrating theoretical concepts and models with practical application, students explore the contribution that Marketing can make to successful businesses and multi-national enterprises (MNEs) Theory and case studies from the UK and acros the globe are used to analyse environmental conditions, marketing competition, marketplace trends, market characteristics, consumer behaviour, marketing strategy, marketing planning, tactics and operations, and the growing influence of technology
Individual assignment (1000 words) This is only used when the group project cannot be completed (e.g. as a resit)
the ability to investigate marketing strategies and present findings in a logical and coherent manner.
Prior to the assignment and exam, lecture time will be spent discussing the assessments and feedback process. Generic feedback will be given after submission. This will be a general report on the performance of the whole cohort. This will also contain a statistical breakdown of marks so students can place their own performance against that of their cohort. Students will also receive more individual feedback per group.
Marks will be returned to students within 3 weeks of submission (excluding bank holidays and university closure days), via SurreyLearn. Exam marks may be released later pending ratification at the Board of Examiners.
The aim of this module is to provide a theoretical framework for Marketing to equip students with the ability to understand Marketing practice.
002 Synthesise knowledge of marketing strategy, marketing operations and tactics and apply concepts to national and international case studies. C
005 Critically evaluate various marketing approaches and application of strategy within a specific context C
009 Demonstrate the ability to formulate and present a concise, insightful analysis which exposes issues logically and coherently T
The teaching and learning strategy is designed to provide a framework of theoretical marketing concepts supported by real world examples. Students will be provided with a range of delivery methods to facilitate their learning and also to address various levels within the cohort.
The teaching and learning methods include the use of 2 hour lectures x 11 weeks to illustrate core concepts supported by 1 hour tutorials x 5 weeks which will demonstrate practical application. A range of teaching methods will be employed
Lecture notes and additional material will be made available on SurreyLearn and regular exercises will be set to test students’ understanding on an on-going basis.
Operations and Supply Chain in the Digital Era MSc 1 Optional A weighted aggregate mark of 50% is required to pass the module
Marketing Management MSc 1 Compulsory A weighted aggregate mark of 50% is required to pass the module
International Marketing Management MSc 1 Compulsory A weighted aggregate mark of 50% is required to pass the module
International Business Management MSc 1 Compulsory A weighted aggregate mark of 50% is required to pass the module
Communication and International Marketing MA 1 Compulsory A weighted aggregate mark of 50% is required to pass the module
This module is designed for the student to speak a selection of texts demonstrating appropriate vocal technique and emotional connection to character, space, historical contexts and a level of cultural surety. It is founded upon a commitment to the integration of the physical and vocal techniques for work in the theatre and recorded arts. Relevant vocal anatomy, physiology, and phonetics, underpin this work.
Technical singing classes cover anatomical and theoretical knowledge of vocal production, incorporating systems/models related to the individual and their singing practise. These classes will continue to develop technical and musical confidence with reference to the musical and textual demands of the music. Ensemble singing classes will develop advances choral skills including harmony, counterpoint and musical literacy. Voice and Text work enables the actor to communicate from a characters’ or writers perspective, Work commences on developing an ear for accents developed via practical exercises, recordings, written materials and analysis of one’s own and others voices. Students learn about phonetics and will be required to understand the relationships between phonetic notation, speech sounds and speech physicality.
In the event of a student being unable to complete any specific component of the module a new poem/singing piece will be assigned by the module tutor. This will then be assessed in a practical setting.To be determined by the unit(s) that are incomplete.
The assessment strategy is designed to provide students with the opportunity to demonstrate continuing vocal progress and a sound development in terms of skills, technique and theoretical knowledge.
Feedback is verbal and utilised in a class format for all formative assessments with notes to be taken by peers.
Continue the development of and work towards a balance of healthy vocal function and towards Optimum Vocal Function (OVF)
Develop the students awareness of the demands placed on the voice and body with a variety of texts, genres and spaces
To broaden the understanding of the vocal mechanism, support system, breath management, vocal anchoring and development the middle (or mixed) voice.
Develop a healthy and robust technique specific to the musical theatre performer, conducive to 8 shows a week.
To continue developing the knowledge of musical styles specific to the contexts where song is required. Again, repertoire will be specific to the individual.
2 Evidence the ability to perceive and produce the consonants and vowels of specific accents and begin to apply auditory skills for accent.
4 Consolidate the foundations of healthy and sustainable vocal production in performance; including effective support, breath management, vocal anchoring, use of voice qualities, and developing the middle (or mixed) voice.
5 Effectively apply an understanding of music theory and the ability to use these skills when sourcing varied repertoire and in rehearsal/performance.
7 Develop a healthy and robust technique specific to the musical theatre performer, conducive to 8 shows a week.
Place an emphasis on the practical development of skills that are required for extended and best practice in the profession. To enable students to acquire skills in character building, physical presence and intention in the space all of which lead on to a firm foundation moving toward the study of acting at Level 5.
Throughout the module different learning and teaching strategies are applied to enable students to achieve the learning outcomes, including research, reflective practice, peer to peer learning and formative assessment with written feedback.
The approach of the module is vocational in content and delivery and encourages students to participate in reflection on their own practice, independent study and research and embeds the concepts of peer to peer feedback within the rehearsal room. Students are encouraged to utilise materials on SURREY LEARN and also receive individual tutorials from staff to help in forming their learning experience.
Students receive regular verbal feedback both individually and as a group during each class which they are encouraged to journal within the reflection time which is built in to the lesson plan every week.
Students are encouraged to self-assess and peer-assess within the class structure and as part of the ethos of training as an actor.
Lesson plans are structured to take account of and deliver for students with a specifc bias toward visual, auditory and kinaesthetic learning enabling differentation of techniques within the class.
Musical Theatre BA (Hons) 2 Compulsory A weighted aggregate mark of 40% is required to pass the module

These pieces were assembled and arranged by Praetorius for his 1612 collection. It is unknown how many, or if any, of the works in the collection were actually composed by Praetorius as opposed to being popular dance tunes arranged by him. The instrumentation is not specified in the original, and simply listed as "à 5".
Chansons; Songs; For voice, piano; For voices with keyboard; Scores featuring the voice; Scores featuring the piano; French language; For piano (arr); For 1 player
The Aditya Birla Group’s vision to provide a series of curated productions, Aadyam, has been ongoing for over two seasons in Mumbai and Delhi, beginning in 2015. Aadyam promised to be a holistic experience for both theatre connoisseurs and for the rookie who wants to explore theatre. Five theatre groups were finalised to present nine shows each of five new productions which were received well by audiences in both the metropolises.
In India, the plethora of ethnic identities have often found an outlet through the medium of theatre in myriad and dynamic ways. However, there has always been an air of elitism surrounding English theatre, which is a sort of perceived snobbery and there is also the oft criticised element of derision towards regional massy theatre which is said to be lacking in finesse.
The first two editions of Aadyam, had some great musicals and hits like Twelve Angry Jurors, Ladies Sangeet and Loretta. The festival, in its first two editions, has tried to go beyond the defined spaces of stage by exploring new genres. Further, they also offered an experiential dining experience for its audiences with the Aadayam Spotlight Dine Out experience. A programme that allowed members to download their personalized card which gave them discounts as well as curated menu’s to affiliated restaurants throughout the year.
The Aadyam events this year are stretched out across a period of over eight months i.e. from the 19th of August to the 10th of December 2017 and has a total of seven plays with over sixty-five shows. The first play on offer is Quasar Thakore Padamsee’s, “Mother Courage and Her Children“, which is a biting satirical play about survival, entrepreneurship and the absurdity of war. It is the story of a mother who runs a canteen, her three children and their journey in a cruel world.
Another play, “Under the Gypsy Moon”, is an adaptation of the novel ‘Srikanta’ written by Bengali writer Sarat Chandra and directed by Akash Khurana. It will be performed by Bombay’s award winning theatre group, AKVarious Productions. The protagonist in the play, Srikanta, lives the life of a nomad who doesn’t want to be tied down by relationships and believes every new experience to be enriching. He is in constant search of the true meaning of life. As fate would have it, he encounters two women that are diametrically opposite to one another but with one unifying factor, they believe in him and take him to be their saviour.
The final offering that has been declared is the play, “3 Penny Opera”, which is produced by Motley, a Naseeruddin Shah and Benjamin Gilani founded group. The play is a crazy ride that takes us through the world of thieves, prostitutes, beggars, back alleys, and two timing characters. The story revolves around the life of Mr. Peachum who is a manufacturer of outfits and fake props for fake beggars in a poor part of the city. He is astonished to learn that his daughter Polly Peachum has fallen in love with Macheath, a charming bandit. She gets married to him and that leads Mr. & Mrs. Peachum in a desperate effort to put Macheath in jail and get back their beloved daughter. The play is an inherently funny slice of life take on their lives.
This year Aadyam will introduce a new format to its repertoire called the ‘Black Box’, which is a bare room with walls and a flat floor. The audience would be lounging on the floor and would watch the actors perform up close. This recent innovation will be seen in two of Aadyam’s productions, “Guards at the Taj” and “Gajab Kahani.”
All in all, Aadyam, promises to be an evocative, nostalgia inducing, bigger and more exciting production than before. What remains to be seen is the growth of the community it is trying to build and its uncompromising approach to quality, scale and crafting memories for audiences.
Abhishek is a Mumbai-based performer trained as an actor (Duende School of Ensemble Physical Theatre, Birmingham School of Acting & Barry John Acting Studio), singer (Indian Carnatic and Western Contemporary) & dancer (Ballet, Jazz & Contemporary from The Danceworx Academy for Performing Arts).
harmonization, multiple instruments and dance forms and cracking the worst of puns, he is also the founder of The Misfits Co., an arts & events company and creators of the arts-driven micro-fest, Jhamela.
Nothing can beat the experience of watching a movie in a theatre on the big screen. Whether watching a classic movie or turning out for the first day first show of Badhaai Ho, there's something special about watching movies on the big screen. Movies are best experienced in the theatre!
There is no dearth of good cinemas in Surat. And, the theatre in Surat which has become the hub for cinemagoers is INOX: VR Mall, Surat. It is the best place to check out all the latest movies in the city. Just make your way to 3rd Floor, VR Mall, Dumas Road, Magdalla, Surat, Gujarat 395007, India. Then sit back, relax and enjoy a stellar cinematic experience!
We believe in offering an unmatched movie experience to every movie buff. Any language or any genre, BookMyShow offers you ticketing for all the movies and showtimes near you at the best theatres in your city, including INOX: VR Mall, Surat. Having listings from almost all the good cinemas in your city, BookMyShow is the ultimate destination for a movie buff to book tickets online nearest cinemas. You can also check out the upcoming movies here and advance book for it at INOX: VR Mall, Surat.
Along with offering you the ease of booking movie tickets online, we give you all you need to keep up with the best and newest of movies, while keeping you entertained. From movie reviews and gossip, to which upcoming movies to watch, you will find everything at BookMyShow. You can also catch the trailers and official previews of Badhaai Ho and other upcoming movies under our new section, "Videos and Trailers". For all the filmy Keedas out there who crave much more than just the movie, we keep you at the centre of all the Bollywood/Hollywood/Kollywood/Tollywood gupshups, news and scoops. We keep you up-to-date with your favorite stars, both Indian and international. Our trailers and insights of the upcoming and new movies will show you glimpses of movies like never before.
Whether it's a cheap hotels in Glyki Nero Beach, a 5 star Glyki Nero Beach hotel or a family friendly Glyki Nero Beach hotel, Hotels.com has the best accommodation for your stay.
If visiting Glyki Nero Beach is a must, then be sure to check out our detailed location mapping to find the best hotel closest to Glyki Nero Beach, Cyprus.
Our map based hotel search can be accessed from the above map image on this page (or via standard search results) and with the locations of each hotel shown clearly around Glyki Nero Beach you're able to refine your search within Ayia Napa or Cyprus based upon other nearby landmarks and neighbourhoods as well as transport options to help you get around. If you're driving be sure to also check the hotels for onsite parking.
To get the best hotel deals near Glyki Nero Beach you can also filter by price/ average nightly rate and if you're concerned with quality, you can also filter by star rating and our own guest review rating.
As well as our Hotels.com guest reviews, we also display reviews from Expedia for Glyki Nero Beach hotels and the TripAdvisor Glyki Nero Beach hotels review score on each of our Ayia Napa hotel information pages.
If you're visiting Glyki Nero Beach, Ayia Napa with the family or in a group, be sure to check out the room options and facilities we list for each hotel to ensure we help find the perfect hotel for you.
When you've made your booking for your hotel near Glyki Nero Beach, in our confirmation email we'll also send you information on all nearby attractions as well as directions on how to get to your chosen hotel and the weather forecast, helping you to plan your trip.
To get yourself an even better deal on hotels near Glyki Nero Beach, Ayia Napa why not sign up to our Welcome Rewards program? It's free and when you stay 10 nights at any eligible hotel you receive 1 night free*
We have Glyki Nero Beach hotel deals, even Glyki Nero Beach last minute deals and offers to get you the cheapest Glyki Nero Beach hotel with our price guarantee.
Let Hotels.com India provide the information you need to find the best hotel and accommodation deals in Evessen. You can easily book your online room reservations in Evessen today. All you have to do is:
April 17 (Reuters) - Fox News said on Tuesday it did not know about television host Sean Hannity’s “informal relationship” with Donald Trump’s personal attorney Michael Cohen.
After reviewing the matter, Fox News stated that Hannity has the company’s “full support.” (Reporting by Jessica Toonkel Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)

More than waking me up to the strange idea that people take what I write seriously, the episode reinforced my belief in the Swindles' incredibly loyal following among San Antonio music fans. Truth is, I fucking love the Swindles (please don't kick my ass!) and I think they are the greatest band around (I'll buy you all the beer you need, guys! Don't hurt me).
In fact, I have a soft spot in my heart for the Swindles. It must be frustrating to work your ass off to gain a solid reputation as the best rock band in San Antonio, only to be consistently overshadowed by less-talented Austin acts. Then again, it could actually be liberating, and might, in the end, have facilitated the kind of album that the Swindles are due to release this weekend.
Songs in the Key of T, the Swindles' second release, is the kind of album that seems to say: "Listen, these guys will go places - if their livers hold out, that is." The group lays down a fitting soundtrack for life in South Texas over 17 tracks, filled with bong-laden ennui and pick-up trucks, lost love and conjunto backbeats. The band also seems to have learned from past mistakes, and has wisely chosen to eschew overproduction for the kind of raw energy seen at their live shows.
While the Swindles' first album was chock-full of original material, the new one gives an appreciative nod to the band's forebearers. Austin songwriter Michael Hall and country music comic Ray Stevens are given their due here, and the powerhouse that was the Texas Tornados is afforded extended treatment (more on that later). But the original material - songs like "Leased Us a Bus" and "Queen of Kendall County" - sets the tone on Key of T. "Need You" is a tidily tender ditty for frontman Mitch Webb, whose smirky grin seems to infuse every song with a bit of sarcasm. Listen closely and you get a taste: "State says at 16, you can call your shots/Know what I think? Let's get on the milk box."
Webb's drawl shoots holes in put-on Texans (you know who you are) who have had to work hard to bring their accents up to standard. Then again, we're talking about a boy from Windcrest who claims to have learned his Spanish phonetically.
In fact, all the musicians on the album deserve to be here, if only for the simple joy they have taken in creating something special while at the same time holding onto day jobs. Guitar monster-in-the-corner Joe Reyes might be able to make his living strictly through gigs (such is the fate of Grammy-nominated musicians), but Mitch works at a record shop, and bassist Bart Nichols is a goddamned dentist! The revolving line-up (although it has solidified as of late) is rounded out by Sal Guajardo on drums, Dave Wasson on guitar, and a few appearances by Odie on bass, as well as Gabriel Zavala on squeezebox, Denny Mathis on pedal steel, Jack Barber on third bass, and Frank Karpienski playing lead guitar on a particularly 13th Floor Elevatorish version of "She's About a Mover."
This cut, coming at the end of the record, is like a fine dessert for Doug Sahm fans (like me) who moved to the Alamo City after the Great One's demise, and who have had to comfort themselves with weak covers of the Tornados and the Quintet. Not so with the Swindles: The group's versions of "Mover" and "Nuevo Laredo" might lead less-cautious folks to say that the Swindles can do Doug almost as well as Doug did himself. But then, less-cautious folks are likely to have their ass handed to them by Augie Meyer. Or Freddie Fender, for that matter, whose seminal "Before the Next Teardrop Falls" is lovingly handled by a crooning Webb.

Supportive & Palliative Care is specialized care for people with serious illnesses. It focuses on providing patients with relief from the symptoms, pain and stress of a serious illness – whatever the diagnosis. The goal is to improve quality of life for both the patient and their family.
Kathryn Hughlock, DNP is a board certified adult geriatric nurse practitioner who specializes in palliative care. Her interests include, geriatrics, dementia, goals of care in the acute setting, pain/symptom management, spiritual assessment and well-being, and end of life care. “I was attracted to the field of palliative care because it allows you to truly provide holistic care for patients with serious illness. You have the opportunity not only to understand someone’s medical conditions, but who they are as a person--what they value, their hopes, fears--and then tailor their plan of care to match those individual needs.” She adds, “When it comes to working with people at the end of their life, I am honored to be allowed into people’s life during such a vulnerable time, and find it incredibly rewarding to be a part of making that time as meaningful and comfortable as possible, for the patient and their loved ones.”
Kathryn earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Rhode Island and her doctorate in nursing practice at the University of Washington in Seattle. Her nursing background started a as a nurse's assistant on a cardiology unit in Southern California. After completing her bachelor’s she continued to work in cardiology in Providence, Rhode Island. She then came to the PNW for graduate school where she continued to work at a local Seattle hospital. She completed her doctorate program at the University of Washington in 2014, where she studied adult geriatric care with a focus on palliative care.
Kathryn enjoys teaching other healthcare providers about palliative care. She has coordinated End of Life Nursing Education Curriculum courses, and guest lectures at the University of Washington, School of Nursing to provide students exposure to the field of palliative and end of life care. On her free time, Kathryn enjoys CrossFit, skiing, snowboarding and spending time with her rescue dog, Bear.

You’ve done your homework and you know that videos should be a key part of your marketing strategy. The next step is finding out how to do it right and make the most of your costs.
Using a video in email marketing is a great and cost-effective way to spread your videos to the masses. However, there are mistakes you can make that destroy your ROI. Find out how to make your video and email marketing go the distance.
Videos in e-blasts are a hot trend, but they aren’t new. That means you can use other marketers’ trial-and-error lessons to your advantage. Here are just a few of the lessons we’ve learned:
Does it surprise you to know that most people will only wait two seconds for a video to load before they give up? That may seem like impulsive, but your viewers are busy folks who won’t wait for your tech to get its act together.
You might say, “Doesn’t the viewer’s internet speed affect the loading time?” Yes it does, and while you can’t control their connection, you can keep the file size and loading time down to mitigate the problem.
Video content is everywhere today. Just scroll through your feed on any given social media app and look at how many posts are videos.
To compete and grab viewers’ attention, your video needs to be high quality. Plus, it’ll give your brand a more professional trustworthy image.
We’re back to that limited viewer patience again. Not only does your video need to load quickly, but it needs to get to the point quickly too. By two minutes in, 60% of your viewers will stop watching.
Instead of spending more money on a 10-minute video no one will finish, aim for a video that gets the point across in 2 minutes or less.
Viewers don’t open their emails to look for sales pitches. They see ads all day every day, so what catches their eye is genuinely informational content they can use. Your videos should embrace the idea of content marketing: aiming to educate, not to sell. The sales will come from the reputation you’re building.
There’s no hard-and-fast rule about whether a script is better or bulleted talking points. It depends on the type of video and on what helps the person on the screen.
If you’re using the popular format of whiteboard videos, for instance, a script is usually the way to go. If you’re doing more of a “talking head” type of video, it’s usually hard to avoid looking stiff when you’re reciting a script. In this case, bullet points may be better to help you look more natural and relatable.
You might get caught up in trying the latest trend in video marketing, but stop first and think about whether it fits your target audience.
If you’re marketing toward generation Z, for instance, a fun video with snappy, high-tech animations could be great. If you’re targeting baby boomers, on the other hand, this may not work very well.
You want to be the person within your industry that “has all those great videos.” This doesn’t happen if you only put out one video every three months, though.
For your video marketing to build on itself and be as effective as possible, your video e-blasts need to go out every week or two. If they’re entertaining and informative, your viewers will start looking out for them. They may even spread the word to their friends.
If you’re worried about viewer fatigue and viewers getting bored with your videos, don’t. As long as you have plenty of variety involved, a larger cache of videos will only help you.
There are always new trends in video marketing. What you want to find out, though, is what’s popular in your specific niche.
Every once in a while, head to YouTube and do a search for your industry or subject area. Sort the videos by the number of views and check out the most popular ones. These can be great sources of inspiration.
If your target audience is career-aged, most of them probably have 9-5 jobs. If you send out a video at 10:30 am, they probably won’t be able to watch it when it comes in. By 5 pm, your email is buried in six hours’ worth of marketing emails and they won’t remember to go back and watch it.
Instead, send your videos during times when your target audience is available to watch them right away. Aim for lunchtime or the evening hours.
Putting videos in your email marketing is a great way to spread the word about your business and build your reputation. Once you have the video, though, it’s there for you to use, so don’t stop at e-blasts.
Post your video on YouTube and on your website if there’s a place where it makes sense. Most importantly, though, post your video on all your social media pages. If your content is strong, viewers will be quick to share it on social media and your business will boom before you know it.
Using a video in email marketing is a fantastic way to keep up with the times and become a respected authority in your field. As with any marketing tactic, though, there’s a right way and a wrong way to do it. The tips above can help you make the most of your efforts and build your business in no time.
For more tips about creating strong video marketing (in emails and otherwise), check out more articles on our blog. If you’re ready to get started, contact our professional video marketing team.

Ani-Me Con is the biggest annual anime/ gaming event in the Central Valley, attracting more than 6,000 attendees during our 2-days weekend. From our humble beginnings, we have upgraded to the Big Fresno Fairgrounds, consisting of 2 huge indoor venues with well over 44,000 square feet of space. We will also have a patio and pavilion equating to over 70,000 square feet of space.
This event will have over 100 vendors, artists, exhibitors, and fan clubs. This year, we will include more guest speakers, panels, voice actors/actresses, live entertainment, cosplay contests, anime events, maid cafe, trading card tournaments, video gaming tournaments, live bands, djs, rave party, and more. As a special bonus to commemorate the new Star Wars movie, we will also include sci-fi, comics, toys, popular television/movies, and anything wonderful that pop culture has to offer.

Tagged with: 16th century, 17th century, early modern, Miguel de Cervantes, spanish, Spanish Golden Age, theatre

Kuala Lumpur (VNA) – Malaysian police and military personnel cast their votes early on May 5 for the general election which is scheduled on May 9.
Early voting began for nearly 279,000 Royal Malaysian Police, Armed Forces and Special Task Force personnel and their spouses.
The process was conducted at contingent police headquarters, district police headquarters and army camps by 6,376 election workers.
The polling stations will be closed in stage between 17:00 and 19:00 while some will close earlier between 13:00 and 15:00.
The votes are not counted on May 5 and the ballot boxes will be kept safely in the police station lockups.
A total of 14,940,624 voters are expected to cast their ballots in the 14th general election, which will pit current Prime Minister Najib Razak against former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad.
If winning the election, Mahathir Mohamad, 92 years old, will become the oldest Prime Minister in the Malaysian history.
For just a little more than a print you can have a hand made reproduction of a painting of Hugh Bolton Jones.
Hotel will be guaranteed walking distances to the falls; Enjoy the grandeur of Niagara Falls, Feel the romance of three famous cities in Canada, take boat cruise to tour the Thousand Island at Laurent River.
To view beautiful maples leaves on the Agawa Train or entering the Agawa Canyon. Visit the wonderful scenery of Niagara Falls and have a relaxing trip in East Canada
"Maple Leaf country" Canada, "Eastern Banff" Mount Tremblant, the impressive Niagara Falls, makes people seem to be in the fairy tale world.
7-Day Mont Tremblant, Thousand Island, Montreal, Quebec, Niagara, Toronto (in-depth), Outlet (shopping) Tour from Toronto
Visit the beautiful maple leaves at Mount Tremblant, exclusive complimentary breakfast within the whole journey
Taking train viewing the maples into the Agawa Canyon, and enjoy the most beautiful and charming Maple sea! Lodging in waterfall accommodation, night tour of Niagara Falls.
"Maple Leaf country" Canada, "Eastern Banff" Mont Tremblant, the impressive Niagara Falls, makes people seem to be in the fairy tale world.
Enjoy the maple view train and enter the Agawa Canyon, and enjoy the charming Maple sea. 1 night stay in Niagara Falls Scenic Spot, night tour watching the waterfall scenery!
Various ways of viewing maples: Arrive at Agawa Canyon, or reach at Mont Tremblant! Also added new place of maple views: Gravenhurst. Living the falls hotel, whole journey including breakfast
Cruise on the Muskoka Lakes, as well as entering the Algonquin Park to view the beautiful maple leafs. Living the falls hotel to have a chance listening the echo of Niagara falls.
"Big Boss Man" is a blues song first recorded by Jimmy Reed in 1960. Unlike his most popular songs, the songwriting is credited to Luther Dixon and Al Smith. It was a hit for Reed and has been interpreted and recorded by a variety of artists, including Elvis Presley and B.B. King, who had record chart successes with the song.
"Big Boss Man" is an uptempo twelve-bar blues shuffle that features "one of the most influential Reed grooves of all time".[1] It is credited to Jimmy Reed's manager, Al Smith, and Vee-Jay Records staff writer Luther Dixon. The song is one of the few Reed hits that was written by someone other than Reed and his wife. Backing Reed, who sang and played harmonica and guitar, are Mamma Reed on vocal, Lee Baker and Lefty Bates on guitars, Willie Dixon on bass, and Earl Phillips on drums.
"Big Boss Man" was originally released on Jimmy Reed's 1960 album Found Love. In 1961, it was released as a single and reached number 13 on the Billboard R&B chart and number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart.[2]
On September 10, 1967, Elvis Presley recorded a version of "Big Boss Man". It was issued as a single the same month and reached number 38 on the pop chart. He performed the song as part of a medley during the Elvis 1968 Comeback Special, which also appears in the award-winning mini-series Elvis. During the 1970s, Presley often performed the song in concert.
In 1990, the song was inducted into the Blues Foundation Hall of Fame[3] and included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame list of the "500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll".[4]
"Big Boss Man", as with several Jimmy Reed songs, has appeal across popular music genres.[5] A variety of artists have recorded the song, including:[5] The Pretty Things as a B-side to their debut single "Rosalyn" (1964); Charlie Rich as the title track of his album Big Boss Man (1965) and also Boss Man (1970); Jerry Lee Lewis from his album Memphis Beat (1966);[6] Syndicate of Sound opened their album Little Girl (1966) with their version;[7] Bill Cosby from Silver Throat: Bill Cosby Sings (1967); Bobbie Gentry from The Delta Sweete (1968); Nancy Sinatra from her album "Nancy" (1969), Grateful Dead from Grateful Dead (1971);The Standells from "Rarities" (1984), B.B. King from Six Silver Strings (1985), and as a single which reached #62 in the R&B chart; Steve Miller Band from Living in the 20th Century (1986); Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers from Playback (1995); Eddie Cusic on his 1998 album, I Want to Boogie,[8] released by HighTone Records;[9] Thee Headcoatees on their album Have Love Will Travel (1992); Junior Reid from the film Office Space (1999); and The Kentucky Headhunters from Big Boss Man (2005).
^ "500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll". Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 1995. Archived from the original on 2007-05-02. Retrieved July 9, 2014.
^ Koda, Cub (July 14, 1998). "I Want to Boogie - Eddie Cusic | Songs, Reviews, Credits, Awards". AllMusic. Retrieved August 13, 2015.
The Cedar Tavern (or Cedar Street Tavern) was a bar and restaurant at the eastern edge of Greenwich Village, New York City. In its heyday, known as a gathering place for avant garde writers and artists, it was located at 24 University Place, near 8th Street. It was famous in its day as a hangout of many prominent Abstract Expressionist painters and Beat writers and poets. It closed in April 1963 and reopened three blocks north in 1964, at 82 University Place, between 11th and 12th Streets.
The Cedar Tavern was opened in 1866 on Cedar Street, near Zuccotti Park.[1] In 1933 it moved north to 55 West Eighth Street. In 1945 it moved east to 24 University Place.[2] In 1955, the Cedar Tavern was purchased by Sam Diliberto, a butcher, and his brother in law, John Bodnar, a window washer, from Joe Provenzano.[3] Robert Motherwell had a studio nearby in the early 1950s, and he held a weekly salon for artists there. The Cedar was the closest place for them to have a drink afterwards. Habitués liked it for its cheap drinks and lack of tourists or middle-class squares. University Place in those days was downmarket because of the several welfare and single-room occupancy hotels in the area. Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning, Mark Rothko, Franz Kline, Michael Goldberg, Landes Lewitin, Aristodimos Kaldis, Phillip Guston, Knute Stiles, Ted Joans, James Brooks, Charles Cajori, Mercedes Matter, Howard Kanovitz, Al Leslie and others of the New York School all patronized the bar in the 1950s when many lived in or near Greenwich Village. Historians consider it an important incubator of the Abstract Expressionist movement.[2] It was also popular with writers Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac, Gregory Corso, Frank O'Hara, George Plimpton, Jean Stein, Harold "Doc" Humes, Alex Trocchi, and LeRoi Jones. Pollock was eventually banned from the establishment for tearing the bathroom door off its hinges and hurling it across the room at Franz Kline,[4] as was Kerouac, who allegedly urinated in an ashtray.[5]
Sam and John looked to the East Village around St. Mark's Pl. to reopen after the building was sold and demolished in 1963. After a year they bought the building at 82 University Place, which had been occupied by an antique store, and built the new bar in a more upscale pub style. By this time Pollock and Kline were gone, de Kooning had moved to East Hampton, and the scene gradually dissipated.
In the 1960s, Tuli Kupferberg of The Fugs, David Amram, and occasionally Bob Dylan, were known to patronize the Cedar Tavern. D.A. Pennebaker, Dylan, and Bob Neuwirth met there to plan the shooting of their 1967 documentary, Dont Look Back. [6]
Diliberto's sons Mike and Joe ran the place successfully for many years until 2006, when they decided to develop the site into condominiums. In December 2006, the Cedar Tavern closed to allow for the construction of a seven-story addition to the building in which it is housed. Its owners had pledged to reopen in six months, but an opinion piece in the December 3, 2006 edition of The New York Times speculated that it was closed for good. This proved prescient; in the wake of Joe Diliberto's death on October 27, 2007, his brother Mike failed to reopen the establishment.[7]
When the Cedar Tavern closed in 2006, its century-old, 50 foot mahogany bar was sold to Austin businessmen, John M. Scott and Eddy Patterson.[8] The bar was taken apart into hundreds of pieces, transported by movers of fine art, and stored for ten years. In 2016, it was brought out of storage to serve as the centerpiece of Eberly, a restaurant in Austin, Texas. [9]
The 24 University Place site, where most of the significant events in the establishment's history occurred, is now a full-block residential building; the primary ground-floor retail space of the building's University Place frontage is occupied by a CVS Pharmacy.[10]
The Cedar Tavern is featured in the first chapters of Augusten Burroughs' book Dry, and also in Joyce Glassman Johnson's memoir of Jack Kerouac, Minor Characters, and is the setting for Dawn Powell's The Golden Spur.
The Cedar Tavern is featured in Kurt Vonnegut's Bluebeard, serving as the meeting place of fictional artist Rabo Karabekian and his Abstract Expressionist painter friends.
Eagle Crest Resort is a destination resort complex in the U.S. state of Oregon. The resort has a large hotel, a conference center, three golf courses, and three major housing developments each with multiple subdivisions. The resort is located west of Redmond in Central Oregon. The development covers 1,700 acres (6.9 km2) on the east slopes of Cline Buttes running eastward to the Deschutes River plus a separate area on the northwest side of the butte.
The resort and the area around it is classified as the Eagle Crest census-designated place (CDP) and had a residential population of 1,696 at the 2010 census.[1]
Eagle Crest is located 6 miles (10 km) west of Redmond on west side of the Deschutes River. The Eagle Crest property includes the lower slope of Cline Butte on the eastern side, extending approximately one and a half miles to the Deschutes River, and one and a half miles north to south with Oregon Highway 126 as the northern boundary. The resort's main entrance is just off the Cline Falls Highway, approximately one mile south of Highway 126. In addition to the resort's main area east of Cline Butte, there is a large, separate parcel of Eagle Crest property northwest of the butte. This area has an entrance road connecting it directly to Highway 126. In total, Eagle Crest covers 1,700 acres (6.9 km2).[3]
The Eagle Crest CDP covers the area of the resort and surrounding land for a total area of 15.2 square miles (39.4 km2), all of it land.[1]
The portion of Eagle Crest east of Cline Butte is located on the Matson Plateau. This area is generally flat with gentle swales sloping gradually down hill to the east until it reaches the edge of the Deschutes River canyon. Most of the area, around Cline Butte, including all of Eagle Crest, is western juniper woodland. In addition to juniper, there are also some native stands of lodgepole pine in the area. The area's ground cover is dominated by bitterbrush, sagebrush, gray rabbitbrush, and other high desert plants. The plateau ends at the cliff edge just above the Deschutes River. The river flows through a deep canyon with 100-foot (30 m) high basalt cliffs on both sides.[4][5] Eagle Crest owns approximately one and a half miles of Deschutes River frontage on the west bank.[3]
The Eagle Crest is one of eight destination resorts as defined by Oregon's Department of Land Conservation and Development.[6] Built in 1989, the Inn at Eagle Crest is located next to one of the resort's three golf courses. There are 100 rooms in the main hotel and 80 condominium units that are part of the resort's lodging facility. Many of its guest rooms have decks or patios facing the golf course. Smith Rock, located 9 miles (14 km) north of Redmond, is northeast of the resort and can be seen from many of the rooms. A large number of the condominiums overlook the Deschutes River canyon. The resort also operates a large conference center, three 18-hole golf courses, spa facilities, two sports and fitness centers, three outdoor pools, an indoor pool, and numerous other amenities. The resort has 13 miles (21 km) of paved paths for biking, jogging, and walks. There are also hiking trails running 2 miles (3 km) along the west bank of the Deschutes River[3] as well as a 2 miles (3 km) loop around Cline Butte.[7]
The Eagle Crest conference center is located adjacent to the Inn at Eagle Crest. It is a 10,000-square-foot (930 m2) facility with two separate conference areas. The larger area, Juniper Hall, can accommodate 600 people for lectures or 425 banquet guests. The other conference area is the Golden Eagle Ballroom, which accommodates 511 people in a theatre configuration or 360 when arranged for banquets. Both the hall and the ballroom can be divided into smaller meeting rooms. This allows the center to handle as many as six smaller conferences, meeting, lectures, receptions, or luncheons at one time.[3]
Jeld-Wen, a wood product company that entered the resort business in the 1980s, sold the resort portion of Eagle Crest to Northview Hotel Group in 2010. Northview’s purchase was financed Oaktree Capital Management.[8] Over the next few years, Northview invested approximately $3 million in facility upgrades. In early 2018, Northview sold the resort to a Florida company, KDG Capital. After the sale, management responsibility for the resort was transferred to Aimbridge Hospitality, a hotel and hospitality management firm headquartered in Texas. As of 2018, the resort property included a 100-room hotel, a convention center, three golf courses, two club houses, and three health and fitness centers.[9]
The resort's three golf courses are well known and popular. The Resort Course, adjacent to the Inn, is the resort's original golf course. It is an 18-hole, 6,673 yards, par-72 course designed by Gene Mason. The course runs along the rim of the Deschutes River canyon and throughout the original Eagle Crest housing development. The most spectacular holes follow the cliffs overlooking the river, 100 feet (30 m) below. The Ridge Course was designed by John Thronson.It is an 18-hole, 6,927 yard, par-72 course that threads its way through native juniper trees with the Cascade Mountains in the background. The Oregon Open golf tournament has been held at the Ridge Course. The Challenge Course is an 18-hole par-63; however, it only covers 4,160 yards so it can be played in about three hours. It offers four tee boxes at each hole so the course is popular with beginners as well as experienced golfers. All three courses are open from mid-March through the first week in November. Either the Ridge or the Resort course is kept open year around, weather permitting.[10][11]
Eagle Crest housing was developed in three phases. The original resort development was begun in 1985. It included individual home sites in a gated community along with condominiums and townhouse units in Riverview Vista Estates and Fairway Vista Estates. These areas are all on the east side of the Cline Falls Highway, between the Inn and the Deschutes River. Most are located along the fairways of the Resort golf course or overlooking the Deschutes River canyon. These three areas together are known as the Resort development.[12][13]
In 1996, Eagle Crest began selling lots west of the Cline Falls Highway in the area of the Ridge golf course, which was completed in 1993. This second phase of development is known as The Ridge. This area continued to grow as the Challenge golf course was built in 1999. Eagle Crest continued to sell housing lots in the ridge area for over a decade, and construction of new homes was still going on in 2009. There are five distinct subdivisions in the Ridge area: Forest Greens, Eagle Springs, Forest Ridge, Eagle Creek, and The Falls, a community with 189 homesites specifically for retired adults, 55 or older. The Falls has its own community center and private fitness center.[12][13]
The third and final phase of Eagle Crest housing includes six distinct areas located northwest of Cline Butte. This area is separated from the Ridge area by approximately one mile of Bureau of Land Management property. However, there is a paved easement road that connects the two areas. The largest subdivision in this area is known as the West Ridge. The West Ridge development covers the lower slope of Cline Butte and has approximately 425 lots for standalone homes. The Creekside subdivision has 152 townhouses located near the West Ridge sports center. The Highland Park area has 41 smaller lots. There are over 100 lots in the Desert Sky subdivision. Houses in the Desert Sky area are all built in the western ranch style. Vista Rim was the last subdivision developed at Eagle Crest. Lots in that area began selling in 2008. There is also a small gated area with eight 1-acre (4,000 m2) properties called Scenic Ridge. These high-end properties are located on the western edge of the Eagle Crest with views of all the Cascade Mountains from Mount Bachelor to Mount Hood.[3][14]
In the 2010 United States Census, Eagle Crest was designated as a new Census Designated Place.[15] As a result, Eagle Crest now has an official population count. As of 2010, the year-round population of Eagle Crest is 1,696 residents.[16]
Each winter Eagle Crest Resort hosts StarFest', a night-time light display that begins on Thanksgiving and runs through New Year's Day. The lights are illuminated every evening from 5:30 p.m. until 9:30 p.m. along a 1-mile (1.6 km) drive through the resort. Admission to StarFest is free.[17]
During StarFest, the Inn at Eagle Crest offers visitors coffee, hot cocoa, and cookies along with a fireside story time with Mrs. Claus. On weekends, a horse-drawn wagon provides rides for a modest fee. Reservations for StarFest wagon rides can be arranged through the Inn's concierge. While StarFest is always popular with resort guests, a drive-through visit to see the light display with a stop off at the Inn has become a holiday tradition with many families in Central Oregon.[17]
^ a b c d e "Welcome to Eagle Crest Resort", Eagle Crest Resort, www.eagle-crest.com, Redmond, Oregon, 4 January 2008.
^ "Matson Plateau", Prineville District, Bureau of Land Management, United States Department of Interior, Prineville, Oregon, March 2007.
^ Deschutes County, Eagle Crest CDP, Table 8 (Population and Housing Units: 1990 to 2010; and Area Measurements and Density: 2010), Oregon: 2010 Population and Housing Unit Counts (CPH-2-39, Oregon), United States 2010 Census, United States Census Bureau, Economics and Statistics Administration, United States Department of Commerce, United States Government Printing Office, Washington, District of Columbia, August 2012, p. Oregon III-4.
^ Deschutes County, Eagle Crest CDP, Table 8 (Population and Housing Units: 1990 to 2010; and Area Measurements and Density: 2010), Oregon: 2010 Population and Housing Unit Counts (CPH-2-39, Oregon), United States 2010 Census, United States Census Bureau, Economics and Statistics Administration, United States Department of Commerce, United States Government Printing Office, Washington, District of Columbia, August 2012, p. Oregon 12.
^ a b "StarFest, Eagle Crest's holiday lights, back again", KTVZ News Channel 21, KTVZ.com, WorldNow and KTVZ, Bend, Oregon, 18 November 2008.
This article is about mixtures of liquids. For the light-sensitive mixture used in photography, see Photographic emulsion.
The surfactant (outline around particles) positions itself on the interfaces between Phase II and Phase I, stabilizing the emulsion
An emulsion is a mixture of two or more liquids that are normally immiscible (unmixable or unblendable). Emulsions are part of a more general class of two-phase systems of matter called colloids. Although the terms colloid and emulsion are sometimes used interchangeably, emulsion should be used when both phases, dispersed and continuous, are liquids. In an emulsion, one liquid (the dispersed phase) is dispersed in the other (the continuous phase). Examples of emulsions include vinaigrettes, homogenized milk, mayonnaise, and some cutting fluids for metal working. Graphene and its modified forms are also a good example of recent unconventional surfactants helping in stabilizing emulsion systems.[3]
The word "emulsion" comes from the Latin mulgeo, mulgere "to milk",[specify] as milk is an emulsion of fat and water, along with other components.
Two liquids can form different types of emulsions. As an example, oil and water can form, first, an oil-in-water emulsion, wherein the oil is the dispersed phase, and water is the dispersion medium. (Lipoproteins, used by all complex living organisms, are one example of this.) Second, they can form a water-in-oil emulsion, wherein water is the dispersed phase and oil is the external phase. Multiple emulsions are also possible, including a "water-in-oil-in-water" emulsion and an "oil-in-water-in-oil" emulsion.[4]
Emulsions, being liquids, do not exhibit a static internal structure. The droplets dispersed in the liquid matrix (called the “dispersion medium”) are usually assumed to be statistically distributed.
The term "emulsion" is also used to refer to the photo-sensitive side of photographic film. Such a photographic emulsion consists of silver halide colloidal particles dispersed in a gelatin matrix. Nuclear emulsions are similar to photographic emulsions, except that they are used in particle physics to detect high-energy elementary particles.
Emulsions contain both a dispersed and a continuous phase, with the boundary between the phases called the "interface".[citation needed] Emulsions tend to have a cloudy appearance because the many phase interfaces scatter light as it passes through the emulsion. Emulsions appear white when all light is scattered equally. If the emulsion is dilute enough, higher-frequency (low-wavelength) light will be scattered more, and the emulsion will appear bluer – this is called the "Tyndall effect".[citation needed]If the emulsion is concentrated enough, the color will be distorted toward comparatively longer wavelengths, and will appear more yellow. This phenomenon is easily observable when comparing skimmed milk, which contains little fat, to cream, which contains a much higher concentration of milk fat. One example would be a mixture of water and oil.[citation needed]
Two special classes of emulsions – microemulsions and nanoemulsions, with droplet sizes below 100 nm – appear translucent.[5] This property is due to the fact that light waves are scattered by the droplets only if their sizes exceed about one-quarter of the wavelength of the incident light. Since the visible spectrum of light is composed of wavelengths between 390 and 750 nanometers (nm), if the droplet sizes in the emulsion are below about 100 nm, the light can penetrate through the emulsion without being scattered.[6] Due to their similarity in appearance, translucent nanoemulsions and microemulsions are frequently confused. Unlike translucent nanoemulsions, which require specialized equipment to be produced, microemulsions are spontaneously formed by “solubilizing” oil molecules with a mixture of surfactants, co-surfactants, and co-solvents.[5] The required surfactant concentration in a microemulsion is, however, several times higher than that in a translucent nanoemulsion, and significantly exceeds the concentration of the dispersed phase. Because of many undesirable side-effects caused by surfactants, their presence is disadvantageous or prohibitive in many applications. In addition, the stability of a microemulsion is often easily compromised by dilution, by heating, or by changing pH levels.[citation needed]
Common emulsions are inherently unstable and, thus, do not tend to form spontaneously. Energy input – through shaking, stirring, homogenizing, or exposure to power ultrasound[7] – is needed to form an emulsion. Over time, emulsions tend to revert to the stable state of the phases comprising the emulsion. An example of this is seen in the separation of the oil and vinegar components of vinaigrette, an unstable emulsion that will quickly separate unless shaken almost continuously. There are important exceptions to this rule – microemulsions are thermodynamically stable, while translucent nanoemulsions are kinetically stable.[5]
Whether an emulsion of oil and water turns into a "water-in-oil" emulsion or an "oil-in-water" emulsion depends on the volume fraction of both phases and the type of emulsifier (surfactant) (see Emulsifier, below) present.[citation needed] In general, the Bancroft rule applies. Emulsifiers and emulsifying particles tend to promote dispersion of the phase in which they do not dissolve very well. For example, proteins dissolve better in water than in oil, and so tend to form oil-in-water emulsions (that is, they promote the dispersion of oil droplets throughout a continuous phase of water).[citation needed]
The geometric structure of an emulsion mixture of two lyophobic liquids with a large concentration of the secondary component is fractal: Emulsion particles unavoidably form dynamic inhomogeneous structures on small length scale. The geometry of these structures is fractal. The size of elementary irregularities is governed by a universal function which depends on the volume content of the components. The fractal dimension of these irregularities is 2.5.[8]
Emulsion stability refers to the ability of an emulsion to resist change in its properties over time.[9][10] There are four types of instability in emulsions: flocculation, creaming, coalescence, and Ostwald ripening. Flocculation occurs when there is an attractive force between the droplets, so they form flocs, like bunches of grapes. Coalescence occurs when droplets bump into each other and combine to form a larger droplet, so the average droplet size increases over time. Emulsions can also undergo creaming, where the droplets rise to the top of the emulsion under the influence of buoyancy, or under the influence of the centripetal force induced when a centrifuge is used.[9] Creaming is a common phenomenon in dairy and non-dairy beverages (i.e. milk, coffee milk, almond milk, soy milk) and usually does not change the droplet size.[11]
An appropriate "surface active agent" (or "surfactant") can increase the kinetic stability of an emulsion so that the size of the droplets does not change significantly with time. It is then said to be stable.[citation needed] For example, oil-in-water emulsions containing mono- and diglycerides and milk protein as surfactant showed that stable oil droplet size over 28 days storage at 25°C.[11]
The stability of emulsions can be characterized using techniques such as light scattering, focused beam reflectance measurement, centrifugation, and rheology. Each method has advantages and disadvantages.[citation needed]
The kinetic process of destabilization can be rather long – up to several months, or even years for some products.[citation needed] Often the formulator must accelerate this process in order to test products in a reasonable time during product design. Thermal methods are the most commonly used – these consist of increasing the emulsion temperature to accelerate destabilization (if below critical temperatures for phase inversion or chemical degradation).[citation needed] Temperature affects not only the viscosity but also the inter-facial tension in the case of non-ionic surfactants or, on a broader scope, interactions of forces inside the system. Storing an emulsion at high temperatures enables the simulation of realistic conditions for a product (e.g., a tube of sunscreen emulsion in a car in the summer heat), but also to accelerate destabilization processes up to 200 times.[citation needed]
Mechanical methods of acceleration, including vibration, centrifugation, and agitation, can also be used.[citation needed]
An emulsifier (also known as an "emulgent") is a substance that stabilizes an emulsion by increasing its kinetic stability. One class of emulsifiers is known as "surface active agents", or surfactants. Emulsifiers are compounds that typically have a polar or hydrophilic (i.e. water-soluble) part and a non-polar (i.e. hydrophobic or lipophilic) part. Because of this, emulsifiers tend to have more or less solubility either in water or in oil.[citation needed] Emulsifiers that are more soluble in water (and conversely, less soluble in oil) will generally form oil-in-water emulsions, while emulsifiers that are more soluble in oil will form water-in-oil emulsions.[citation needed]
Egg yolk – in which the main emulsifying agent is lecithin. In fact, lecithos is the Greek word for egg yolk.
Mono- and diglycerides - a common emulsifier found in many food products (coffee creamers, ice-creams, spreads, breads, cakes)
Detergents are another class of surfactant, and will interact physically with both oil and water, thus stabilizing the interface between the oil and water droplets in suspension. This principle is exploited in soap, to remove grease for the purpose of cleaning. Many different emulsifiers are used in pharmacy to prepare emulsions such as creams and lotions. Common examples include emulsifying wax, polysorbate 20, and ceteareth 20.[12]
Sometimes the inner phase itself can act as an emulsifier, and the result is a nanoemulsion, where the inner state disperses into "nano-size" droplets within the outer phase. A well-known example of this phenomenon, the "Ouzo effect", happens when water is poured into a strong alcoholic anise-based beverage, such as ouzo, pastis, absinthe, arak, or raki. The anisolic compounds, which are soluble in ethanol, then form nano-size droplets and emulsify within the water. The resulting color of the drink is opaque and milky white.
A number of different chemical and physical processes and mechanisms can be involved in the process of emulsification:[citation needed]
Surface tension theory – according to this theory, emulsification takes place by reduction of interfacial tension between two phases
Repulsion theory – the emulsifying agent creates a film over one phase that forms globules, which repel each other. This repulsive force causes them to remain suspended in the dispersion medium
Viscosity modification – emulgents like acacia and tragacanth, which are hydrocolloids, as well as PEG (or polyethylene glycol), glycerine, and other polymers like CMC (carboxymethyl cellulose), all increase the viscosity of the medium, which helps create and maintain the suspension of globules of dispersed phase
Mayonnaise and Hollandaise sauces – these are oil-in-water emulsions stabilized with egg yolk lecithin, or with other types of food additives, such as sodium stearoyl lactylate
Vinaigrette – an emulsion of vegetable oil in vinegar, if this is prepared using only oil and vinegar (i.e., without an emulsifier), an unstable emulsion results
Other foods can be turned into products similar to emulsions, for example meat emulsion is a suspension of meat in liquid that is similar to true emulsions.
In pharmaceutics, hairstyling, personal hygiene, and cosmetics, emulsions are frequently used. These are usually oil and water emulsions but dispersed, and which is continuous depends in many cases on the pharmaceutical formulation. These emulsions may be called creams, ointments, liniments (balms), pastes, films, or liquids, depending mostly on their oil-to-water ratios, other additives, and their intended route of administration.[13][14] The first 5 are topical dosage forms, and may be used on the surface of the skin, transdermally, ophthalmically, rectally, or vaginally. A highly liquid emulsion may also be used orally, or may be injected in some cases.[13] Popular medications occurring in emulsion form include[15] cod liver oil, Polysporin, cortisol cream, Canesten, and Fleet.
Microemulsions are used to deliver vaccines and kill microbes.[16] Typical emulsions used in these techniques are nanoemulsions of soybean oil, with particles that are 400–600 nm in diameter.[17] The process is not chemical, as with other types of antimicrobial treatments, but mechanical. The smaller the droplet the greater the surface tension and thus the greater the force required to merge with other lipids. The oil is emulsified with detergents using a high-shear mixer to stabilize the emulsion so, when they encounter the lipids in the cell membrane or envelope of bacteria or viruses, they force the lipids to merge with themselves. On a mass scale, in effect this disintegrates the membrane and kills the pathogen. The soybean oil emulsion does not harm normal human cells, or the cells of most other higher organisms, with the exceptions of sperm cells and blood cells, which are vulnerable to nanoemulsions due to the peculiarities of their membrane structures. For this reason, these nanoemulsions are not currently used intravenously (IV). The most effective application of this type of nanoemulsion is for the disinfection of surfaces. Some types of nanoemulsions have been shown to effectively destroy HIV-1 and tuberculosis pathogens on non-porous surfaces.
Emulsifying agents are effective at extinguishing fires on small, thin-layer spills of flammable liquids (class B fires). Such agents encapsulate the fuel in a fuel-water emulsion, thereby trapping the flammable vapors in the water phase. This emulsion is achieved by applying an aqueous surfactant solution to the fuel through a high-pressure nozzle. Emulsifiers are not effective at extinguishing large fires involving bulk/deep liquid fuels, because the amount of emulsifier agent needed for extinguishment is a function of the volume of the fuel, whereas other agents such as aqueous film-forming foam need cover only the surface of the fuel to achieve vapor mitigation.[18]
Emulsions are used to manufacture polymer dispersions – polymer production in an emulsion 'phase' has a number of process advantages, including prevention of coagulation of product. Products produced by such polymerisations may be used as the emulsions – products including primary components for glues and paints. Synthetic latexes (rubbers) are also produced by this process.
Philip Sherman; British Society of Rheology (1963). Rheology of emulsions: proceedings of a symposium held by the British Society of Rheology ... Harrogate, October 1962. Macmillan.
This article's lead section may be too long for the length of the article. Please help by moving some material from it into the body of the article. Please read the layout guide and lead section guidelines to ensure the section will still be inclusive of all essential details. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (June 2018)
In the context of relational databases, a foreign key is a field (or collection of fields) in one table that uniquely identifies a row of another table or the same table.[1][2][3] In simpler words, the foreign key is defined in a second table, but it refers to the primary key or a unique key in the first table. For example, a table called Employees has a primary key called employee_id. Another table called Employee Details has a foreign key which references employee_id in order to uniquely identify the relationship between the two tables.
The table containing the foreign key is called the child table, and the table containing the candidate key is called the referenced or parent table.[4] In database relational modeling and implementation, a unique key is a set of zero or more attributes, the values of which are guaranteed to be unique for each tuple (row) in a relation. The value or combination of values of unique key attributes for any tuple cannot be duplicated for any other tuple in that relation.
When more than one column is combined to form a unique key, their combination is used to access each row and maintain uniqueness. The values of the columns are not combined, they are compared using their data types.
Since the purpose of the foreign key is to identify a particular row of referenced table, it is generally required that the foreign key is equal to the candidate key in some row of the primary table, or else have no value (the NULL value.[2]). This rule is called a referential integrity constraint between the two tables.[5] Because violations of these constraints can be the source of many database problems, most database management systems provide mechanisms to ensure that every non-null foreign key corresponds to a row of the referenced table.[6][7][8]
For example, consider a database with two tables: a CUSTOMER table that includes all customer data and an ORDER table that includes all customer orders. Suppose the business requires that each order must refer to a single customer. To reflect this in the database, a foreign key column is added to the ORDER table (e.g., CUSTOMERID), which references the primary key of CUSTOMER (e.g. ID). Because the primary key of a table must be unique, and because CUSTOMERID only contains values from that primary key field, we may assume that, when it has a value, CUSTOMERID will identify the particular customer which placed the order. However, this can no longer be assumed if the ORDER table is not kept up to date when rows of the CUSTOMER table are deleted or the ID column altered, and working with these tables may become more difficult. Many real world databases work around this problem by 'inactivating' rather than physically deleting master table foreign keys, or by complex update programs that modify all references to a foreign key when a change is needed.
Foreign keys play an essential role in database design. One important part of database design is making sure that relationships between real-world entities are reflected in the database by references, using foreign keys to refer from one table to another.[9] Another important part of database design is database normalization, in which tables are broken apart and foreign keys make it possible for them to be reconstructed.[10]
Multiple rows in the referencing (or child) table may refer to the same row in the referenced (or parent) table. In this case, the relationship between the two tables is called a one to many relationship between the referenced table and the referencing table.
In addition, the child and parent table may, in fact, be the same table, i.e. the foreign key refers back to the same table. Such a foreign key is known in SQL:2003 as a self-referencing or recursive foreign key. In database management systems, this is often accomplished by linking a first and second reference to the same table.
A table may have multiple foreign keys, and each foreign key can have a different parent table. Each foreign key is enforced independently by the database system. Therefore, cascading relationships between tables can be established using foreign keys.
In the ISO SQL Standard, foreign keys are defined through a FOREIGN KEY constraint. The syntax to add such a constraint to an existing table is defined in SQL:2003 as shown below. Omitting the column list in the REFERENCES clause implies that the foreign key shall reference the primary key of the referenced table.
If the foreign key is a single column only, the column can be marked as such using the following syntax:
pktabname: the name of the table or view that has the primary key to which the foreign key applies. The primary key must already be defined.
col1: the name of the first column that makes up the foreign key. The foreign key must have at least one column and can have a maximum of eight columns.
Because the database management system enforces referential constraints, it must ensure data integrity if rows in a referenced table are to be deleted (or updated). If dependent rows in referencing tables still exist, those references have to be considered. SQL:2003 specifies 5 different referential actions that shall take place in such occurrences:
Whenever rows in the master (referenced) table are deleted (or updated), the respective rows of the child (referencing) table with a matching foreign key column will be deleted (or updated) as well. This is called a cascade delete (or update).
Similarly, a row cannot be deleted as long as there is a reference to it from a referencing or child table.
To understand RESTRICT (and CASCADE) better, it may be helpful to notice the following difference, which might not be immediately clear. The referential action CASCADE modifies the "behavior" of the (child) table itself where the word CASCADE is used. For example, ON DELETE CASCADE effectively says "When the referenced row is deleted from the other table (master table), then delete also from me". However, the referential action RESTRICT modifies the "behavior" of the master table, not the child table, although the word RESTRICT appears in the child table and not in the master table! So, ON DELETE RESTRICT effectively says: "When someone tries to delete the row from the other table (master table), prevent deletion from that other table (and of course, also don't delete from me, but that's not the main point here)."
NO ACTION and RESTRICT are very much alike. The main difference between NO ACTION and RESTRICT is that with NO ACTION the referential integrity check is done after trying to alter the table. RESTRICT does the check before trying to execute the UPDATE or DELETE statement. Both referential actions act the same if the referential integrity check fails: the UPDATE or DELETE statement will result in an error.
In other words, when an UPDATE or DELETE statement is executed on the referenced table using the referential action NO ACTION, the DBMS verifies at the end of the statement execution that none of the referential relationships are violated. This is different from RESTRICT, which assumes at the outset that the operation will violate the constraint. Using NO ACTION, the triggers or the semantics of the statement itself may yield an end state in which no foreign key relationships are violated by the time the constraint is finally checked, thus allowing the statement to complete successfully.
In general, the action taken by the DBMS for SET NULL or SET DEFAULT is the same for both ON DELETE or ON UPDATE: The value of the affected referencing attributes is changed to NULL for SET NULL, and to the specified default value for SET DEFAULT.
Referential actions are generally implemented as implied triggers (i.e. triggers with system-generated names, often hidden.) As such, they are subject to the same limitations as user-defined triggers, and their order of execution relative to other triggers may need to be considered; in some cases it may become necessary to replace the referential action with its equivalent user-defined trigger to ensure proper execution order, or to work around mutating-table limitations.
Another important limitation appears with transaction isolation: your changes to a row may not be able to fully cascade because the row is referenced by data your transaction cannot "see", and therefore cannot cascade onto. An example: while your transaction is attempting to renumber a customer account, a simultaneous transaction is attempting to create a new invoice for that same customer; while a CASCADE rule may fix all the invoice rows your transaction can see to keep them consistent with the renumbered customer row, it won't reach into another transaction to fix the data there; because the database cannot guarantee consistent data when the two transactions commit, one of them will be forced to roll back (often on a first-come-first-served basis.)
As a first example to illustrate foreign keys, suppose an accounts database has a table with invoices and each invoice is associated with a particular supplier. Supplier details (such as name and address) are kept in a separate table; each supplier is given a 'supplier number' to identify it. Each invoice record has an attribute containing the supplier number for that invoice. Then, the 'supplier number' is the primary key in the Supplier table. The foreign key in the Invoices table points to that primary key. The relational schema is the following. Primary keys are marked in bold, and foreign keys are marked in italics.
Dr. Habiba Sarabi (Dari: حبیبه سرابی‎) (born 1956) is a hematologist, politician, and reformer of the post-Taliban reconstruction of Afghanistan. In 2005, she was appointed as Governor of Bamyan Province by President Hamid Karzai, which made her the first Afghan woman to become a governor of any province in the country. She previously served as Afghanistan's Minister of Women's Affairs as well as Minister of Culture and Education.[dead link] Sarabi has been instrumental in promoting women's rights and representation and environment issues. She belongs to the ethnic Hazara people of Afghanistan. Her last name is sometimes spelled Sarobi.
Sarābi was born in Sarāb, Ghazni Province[1] and spent her youth traveling around the country with her father. She later moved to Kabul to attend high school and study medicine at university. After graduating in 1987, she was awarded a fellowship by the World Health Organization and moved to India to complete her studies in hematology.[citation needed]
During the Taliban rule in Afghanistan, Dr. Sarabi and her children fled to Peshawar, Pakistan, but returned frequently in secret. Her husband stayed behind in Kabul to care for his family. She also worked underground as a teacher for girls, both secretly in Afghanistan and in refugee camps in Pakistan for Afghan refugees. In 1998, she joined the Afghan Institute of Learning[dead link] and eventually became the General Manager of the entire organization. She was also the Vice President of Humanitarian Assistance for the Women and Children of Afghanistan.[dead link][citation needed]
As governor, Sarabi has announced one of her focuses will be on tourism as a source of income. The province has historically been a source of Buddhist culture and was the location of the Buddhas of Bamiyan, the two ancient statues destroyed by the Taliban prior to the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan. However, Bamiyan remains one of the poorest and most under-developed provinces of Afghanistan, with a litany of problems including high rates of illiteracy and poverty.[citation needed]
In 2008 Time magazine included her in its list of Heroes of the Environment (2008), partly for her work in establishing the Band-e Amir National Park of Afghanistan in Bamiyan.[2] In 2013, she won the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
On 8 March 2018, International Women's Day, she delivered a statement to the UN Security Council during the Open Debate on the United Nations Mission in Afghanistan.
^ Time Magazine October 6th 2008. See Time Magazine web page Archived August 26, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable. Please help this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged or deleted. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (October 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
This name uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Gaitán and the second or maternal family name is Ayala.
Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Ayala (January 23, 1903 – April 9, 1948) was a politician, a leader of a populist movement in Colombia, a former Education Minister (1940) and Labor Minister (1943–1944), mayor of Bogotá (1936) and one of the most charismatic leaders of the Liberal Party. He was assassinated during his second presidential campaign in 1948, setting off the Bogotazo[2] and leading to a violent period of political unrest in Colombian history known as La Violencia (approx. 1948 to 1958).
Born in Bogotá to parents who were rank-and-file members of the Liberal Party, Gaitán and his family had a tenuous hold in the middle class.[3] His birth date is given variously as 1898 and 1903.[4] Gaitán was born in a house in Las Cruces, a neighborhood situated in the center of Bogotá, Colombia. The house, now with a plaque commemorating Gaitán as a legendary caudillo, were featured in a 1993 article of the newspaper El Tiempo.[5]
Gaitán had a humble upbringing and he was exposed to poverty growing up in a neighborhood in the center of Bogotá called Egipto. Though he lived under these circumstances, he was the son to parents with white-collar occupations. His parents were Eliécer Gaitán and Manuela Ayala de Gaitán. His father was a history teacher, sold second-hand books, and was a journalist.[6] In reading tales about Colombian history throughout his childhood, his father garnered Gaitán’s interest in Colombian culture and politics.[7] Manuela Ayala de Gaitán, a graduate from a teaching institute, taught her son to read and write. Her liberal and feminist tendencies ostracized her from many social environments, but she eventually taught at a school where her views were not persecuted. Gaitán’s mother held great respect to higher education and encouraged her son to pursue it.[8] However, Gaitán’s father wanted him to work a practical job. He did not want him to pursue higher education, which became a contentious topic that strained their father-son relationship.[8]
Gaitán entered into formal education at the age of 12. His disdain towards conventional authority began during his time at school. He was unreceptive towards strict discipline and traditional curricula. Gaitán was expelled from a school for tossing an inkwell at a teaching Christian Brother. Later in 1913, Gaitán received a scholarship to attend Colegio Araújo, a liberal school whose students were predominantly upper-class offspring of members of the liberal party. The school was founded by Simon Araújo who was a champion of progressive views. He provided the medium for students to receive a liberal education in a country dominantly conservative at the time. In 1918, Gaitán drafted a letter to Colombian newspaper, El Tiempo, emphasizing the importance of higher education. He was advocating for teaching the disadvantaged populace subjects outside of traditional curricula, including topics such as hygiene. These classes were to be held at a Sunday school and provided a medium to further provide education to a wider range of people.[9] Through his student leadership roles and intellectual ambitions, Gaitán shaped his dreams of becoming Colombian President to combat political, social, and economic equality. Gaitán transferred from Colegio Araújo because it did not possess the necessary accreditations to ensure success in his academic and career ambitions. Gaitán graduated as one of the top students in his new school, Colegio of Martín Restrepo Mejía in 1919.[7]
Against the wishes of his father, Gaitán enrolled in the National University in Bogotá. With a group of fellow students, he founded the University Center of Cultural Propaganda in May 1920.[9] He drew inspiration from university students in Lima, Peru who were successful with their attempts for an educational extension program formulated for workers.[8] As President of the University Center, Gaitán traveled throughout the city expressing the goals of the organization, focusing on social and proletariat apprehensions. Following the feminist rhetoric of his mother, Gaitán made speeches urging the uplift of the role of women in Colombian society. Moreover, he extended the Center’s work to rural workers, public school children, and education for prisoners.[10]
Gaitán was active in politics in the early 1920s, when he was part of a protest movement against president Marco Fidel Suárez.
After U.S. officials in Colombia, along with United Fruit representatives, portrayed the worker's strike as "communist" with "subversive tendency", in telegrams to the U.S. Secretary of State,[11] the government of the United States of America threatened to invade with the U.S. Marine Corps if the Colombian government did not act to protect United Fruit’s interests. Strikers were fired upon by the army[12] on the orders of the United Fruit Company, resulting in numerous deaths.
Gaitán used his skills as a lawyer and as an emerging politician in order to defend workers' rights and called for accountability to those involved in the Santa Marta Massacre.[12] Public support soon shifted toward Gaitán, Gaitán's Liberal Party won the 1930 presidential election.[12]
In 1933 he created the "Unión Nacional Izquierdista Revolucionaria" ("National Leftist Revolutionary Union"), or UNIR, as his own dissident political movement after breaking with the Liberal Party.
It is said that Gaitán's main political asset was his profound and vibrant oratory, often classified as populist by contemporaries and by later analysts, which attracted hundreds of thousands of union members and low-income Colombians at the time.[13] Writer Harry Bernstein considered that the promises that he made to the people were as important to his appeal as his impressive public speaking skills, promises that Bernstein felt made him almost a demagogue, and which led Bernstein to compare him with Juan Perón of Argentina. [14]
In particular, he repeatedly divided the country into the oligarchy and the people, calling the former corrupt and the latter admirable, worthy, and deserving of Colombia's moral restoration. He stirred the audience's emotions by aggressively denouncing social, moral and economical evils stemming both from the Liberal and Conservative political parties, promising his supporters that a better future was possible if they all worked together against such evils.
In 1946, Gaitán referred to the difference between what he called the "political country" and the "national country". Accordingly, the "political country" was controlled by the interests of the oligarchy and its internal struggles, therefore it did not properly respond to the real demands of the "national country"; that is, the country made up of citizens in need of better socioeconomic conditions and greater sociopolitical freedom.
He was criticized by the more orthodox sectors of the Colombian Liberal Party (who considered him too unruly), most of the Colombian Conservative Party, the leadership of the Colombian Communist Party (who saw him as a competitor for the political affections of the masses).[15] Gaitán was warned by U.S. Ambassador Beaulac on March 24, 1948 that Communists were planning a disruption of the impending conference and that his Liberal Party would likely be blamed.[16]
The Gaitanista Program is an elaboration of Gaitán’s political, social, and economic missions for Colombia. The socialist program found in the “Plataforma del Colón” and “Plan Gaitán” detailed reforms developed in his earlier works, which include “Socialist Ideas in Colombia” and the “Manifesto of Unirismo.” The aims of the program were to reform the Colombian system, which was believed to foster a political and economic monopoly for the elite in the South American republic. The reforms were designed to broaden the reach of state governance by incentivizing political participation among actors such as farmers, peasants, and middle and lower-class citizens. This would have been done by forming development agencies. This was under the fundamental belief that economic democracy was non-existent in Colombian society.[17]
The “Plataforma de Colón” included various provisions designed to reduce the levels of income inequality in Colombia through fortification of the production force. This was to be achieved through national protection of Colombian industries, progressive tax reforms intended to efficiently distribute wealth, financial support for agricultural development, and nationalization of public services. In addition to these reforms, the platform extended proposals to specializing education for wider-accessibility, redistributing land, enhancing labor protest laws, and heightening the legal codes of the judiciary. The foreign policy outlooks of the platform intended to inaugurate a conference to create an economic union among different nation-states in Latin America.
“Plan Gaitán” was a more comprehensive proposal for the creation of institutions dealing with specific issue areas. One of the major focus areas was the Colombian Central Bank. The plan strived to expand the Central Bank’s capabilities of regulating the financial market. This meant the bank needed more powerful mechanisms of controlling the private sector such as implementing a Directing council. The reforms also included the ability to grant credit, as well as act as a reserve. The plan also focused on creating the Colombian Corporation of Credit, Development, and Savings. This would be divided into three different sectors: The Institute of Credit, Institute of Development, and the Institute of Saving. The Institute of Credit was proposed to afford loans to industrial and agricultural firms. The Gaitanista program encompassed the populist ideals Gaitán advocated for during the final years of his life. His ambitions to fortify democracy and the economy of Colombia through what was seen as antiimperialist and anti-plutocratic.[17]
After formally rejoining the Liberal Party in 1935, he was selected as mayor of Bogotá in June 1936, a position he held for eight months. During his administration, he tried to implement a number of programs in areas such as education, health, urban development and housing. His attempted reforms were cut short by political pressure groups and conflicts due to some of his policies (for example, an attempt to provide uniforms to taxi and bus service drivers). In September 1937 his daughter Gloria Gaitán was born.
Gaitán was named Minister of Education in 1940 under the administration of the Liberal Party's Eduardo Santos (1938–1942), where he promoted an extensive literacy campaign as well as cultural activities.
At the conclusion of the Liberal Party's national convention in 1945 he was proclaimed as "the people's candidate" in a public square, an unusual setting under the political customs at the time.
The Liberal Party was defeated in the May 1946 elections by the Conservative's Mariano Ospina Pérez (565,939 votes, president from 1946 to 1950) due to its own internal divisions, evidenced by its presenting two different candidates, Gaitán (358,957 votes) and Gabriel Turbay (441,199 votes), in that year's race.
Gaitán became leader of the Colombian Liberal Party in 1947, when his supporters gained the upper hand in the elections for seats in Congress. This would have allowed for the Liberal Party to present a single candidate for the 1950 elections.
It is widely speculated that Gaitán would likely have been elected President had he not been assassinated on April 9, 1948.[18][19] This assassination occurred immediately prior to the armed insurrection or Bogotazo.[20][19] Dr. Gaitán was then the leading opponent of the use of violence and had determined to pursue the strategy of electing a left-wing government, and he had repudiated the violent Communist revolutionary approach typical of the Cold War era. [21] His assassination directly led to a period of great violence between conservatives and liberals and also facilitated the rise of the currently existing Communist guerrillas.[13] Over the next fifteen years as many as 200,000 people died due to the disorders that followed his assassination.[14]
Dr. Gaitán's alleged murderer, Juan Roa Sierra, was killed by an enraged mob and his motivations were never known.[22] Many different entities and individuals have been held responsible as the alleged plotters, including his different critics, but so far no definite information has come forward and a number of theories persist. Among them, there are versions which, sometimes conflictingly, implicate the government of Mariano Ospina Pérez, sectors of the Liberal party, the USSR[23] the Colombian Communist Party, the CIA and others in the crime.[24] According to one version of this theory, Juan Roa Sierra acted under the orders of CIA agents John Mepples Spirito (alias Georgio Ricco) and Tomás Elliot, as part of an anti-leftist plan supposedly called Operation Pantomime.[citation needed] It is claimed that this would also have involved the complicity of the then Chief of Police, who would allegedly have ordered two police officers to abandon Juan Roa Sierra to be killed by the mob (a claim which conflicts with mainstream accounts of Roa Sierra's death).[25] An eyewitness to the actual events, Guillermo Perez Sarmiento, Director of the United Press in Colombia, stated that upon his arrival Roa was already "between two policemen" and describes in detail the angry mob that kicked and "tore him to pieces" and does not suggest any police involvement. [26]
Nathaniel Weyl, at the time already an avowed anti-communist, documents the assassination claims then made by Rafael Azula Barrera and the President of Colombia Mariano Ospina Pérez that Gaitán was assassinated as part of a Cold War conspiracy led by the USSR to increase Soviet influence in the Caribbean. The violent disruption of the 1948 Inter-American Conference and the violent deaths of a thousand people was alleged to also have been part of a Cold War conspiracy by agents of the USSR that allegedly included the then low-level Soviet agent Fidel Castro. According to police records Fidel Castro was suspected of personally assassinating Gaitán, as his Cuban travelling companion, Rafael del Pino was seen with the fascist former mental patient, Juan Roa, an hour and a half before the assassination.[27] Castro had attempted to recruit Gaitán earlier to his cause, but Gaitán had repeatedly declined and was assassinated because he was too politically influential and would have countered the Cold War objectives of the USSR in the Caribbean.[23]
Another theory states that Juan Roa simply got tired and disenchanted of lobbying Jorge Eliécer Gaitán to get a job. He had a history of job instability and considered that he could get a position worthy of his status as a reincarnation of Santander and Quesada. He had an initial conversation with Jorge Eliécer and was advised to write a letter to the President, which he did, but still did not get a job. After that, he had visited Jorge Eliécer Gaitán's office several times in the two months prior to the assassination. The revolver was purchased two days before the assassination and the ammunition the day before. It was only on his last visit, on April 9, when the secretary finally wrote his name to be considered by Jorge Eliécer.
Nathaniel Weyl documents an alternative claim by the Colombian President and others, that Roa was influenced by others and perhaps did not commit any crime at all. He discusses the questions of Milton Bracker of the New York Times and U.S. Ambassador Willard L. Beaulac if Roa had acted on his own. Ambassador Beaulac then speculated that Roa was simply used to cover the identity of the real assassins.[28] The President of Colombia Mariano Ospina Pérez and the Colombian General Secretary Rafael Azula Barrera considered the evidence that the revolver Roa had carried was incapable of accurate fire, that Roa was not thought to have any firearms training, and that no eyewitness saw Roa anywhere near the assassination, that he was first seen between two policemen. From this evidence the government of Colombia concluded that the impoverished Roa with his diminished mental capacities had been paid to stand near the event with a recently fired revolver.[29][30]
Other details which have interested historians and researchers include the fact that Gaitán was murdered in the middle of the 9th Pan-American Conference, which was being led by U.S. Secretary of State George Marshall, a meeting which led to a pledge by members to fight communism in the Americas, as well as the creation of the Organization of American States.
Another event in the country's capital Bogotá was taking place at the time: a Latin American Youth Congress, organized to protest the Pan American conference. This meeting was organized by a young Fidel Castro, and was funded by Perón. Castro had an appointment to meet Gaitán, whom he very much admired, later in the afternoon on the day of his murder, and had also met with Gaitán two days earlier. It appears that Gaitán was contemplating supporting this conference.[citation needed] Gaitán commanded large audiences when he spoke and was one of the most influential men in the country.
The assassination provoked a violent riot known as the Bogotazo (loose translation: the sack of Bogotá, or shaking of Bogotá), and a further ten years of violence during which at least 300,000 people died (a period known as La Violencia). Some writers say that this event influenced Castro's views about the viability of an electoral route for political change.
Also in the city that day was another young man who would become a giant of 20th-century Latin-American history: Colombian writer and Nobel Prize Laureate Gabriel García Márquez. A young law student and short story writer at the time, García Márquez was eating lunch near the scene of the assassination. He arrived on the scene shortly after the shooting and witnessed the murder of Gaitán's presumed assassin at the hands of enraged bystanders. García Márquez discusses this day at vivid length in the first volume of his memoirs, Living to Tell the Tale. In his book, he describes a well-dressed man who eggs on the mob before fleeing in a luxurious car that arrived just as the presumed assassin was being dragged away.
Two former CIA officers recognized in the book "The Invisible Government" CIA involvement in the murder of Gaitán.[31]
As Gaitan was not able to have a proper funeral because of the chaotic public disorder, his relatives were forced to bury him in his own house, now known as House Museum Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, where his remains are still resting. Subsequently, the bipartisan violence would spread to other regions during the period known as La Violencia.
A popular story, perhaps apocryphal, relates that during a debate with the Conservative candidate for president, Gaitán asked him how he made his living. "From the land", the other candidate replied.
The question is repeated once or twice more, and then the Conservative candidate concedes, "We took it from the Natives".
Gaitán's reply was, "Well, we want to do the opposite: we want to give the land back to the Natives".
^ His birth year on his birth certificate and baptismal record state he was born on January 23rd, 1903. This date is confirmed by his daughter Gloria Gaitán. However, other documents such as his passports, “cédula” (Colombian identification), and his diploma of the Royal University of Rome mark the date of his birth on January 23rd, 1898. Enrique, Santos Molano,. "El día en que mataron a Gaitán | banrepcultural.org". www.banrepcultural.org (in Spanish). Retrieved 2017-05-23.

'assistant OR women's OR lacrosse OR coach OR STATECODE:"RI"' Jobs | NCAA After the Game® Career Center

You are able to book a free session with amongst our quite a few remarkably qualified Professionals and see why the Lehigh Valley Center for Sight is one of the major lasik surgery facilities from the area.
If you're going through the onset of cataracts you understand how tricky seeing could be– you could be struggling with evening eyesight or else you might not be capable to convey to the difference between pairs of socks and you could possibly even have sensitivity to daylight.
Our record for Pennsylvania provides you with an excellent area to start your quest with the best lasik surgeons in Pennsylvania without having to do several hours of analysis.
The cost of LASIK is a thing that really differs from individual to affected individual due to any insurance coverage discount rates maybe you have. At Barry Wasserman M.D., We're going to function with you to generate your cost as acceptable as feasible.
clients resulting from the latest advancements in technologies. With The present technological innovation at Barry Wasserman M.D, we can easily properly and correctly treat patients suffering from varying degrees of myopia (nearsightedness), hyperopia (farsightedness), and astigmatism. The method is incredibly exact and Safe and sound. The effects can minimize in reliance on eyesight correction, essentially lowering glasses and speak to prescription or get rid of want for correction in any way.
This is a unhappy but real established undeniable fact that a people eyes, however wonderful over a biological degree, usually do not often just perform at highest capability. They're amazingly fragile and occasionally usually have issues even below ideal conditions, leading to moderate to rigorous eyesight impairment.
Ross V. said "Been coming below because 2001. I no more Reside in the region but John and Jack are worth the push. Each time I take a look at this Workplace I sense like a VIP.
I am just stunned at my new eyeglasses - not merely are definitely the frames great for my deal with, even so the clarity with which I am viewing is so exceptional to what I…
The taxonomy code for Middle For Cataract And Refractive Surgery Laptop's most important specialty, Ophthalmology, is 207W00000X. An ophthalmologist has the understanding and Specialist techniques needed to supply thorough eye and eyesight treatment. Ophthalmologists are medically trained to diagnose, check and medically or surgically handle all ocular and Visible Diseases.
The Provider Directory is supplied on an "AS-IS" basis. WebMD disclaims all warranties, either Specific or implied, which includes although not restricted to the implied warranties of merchantability and Exercise for individual purpose. With out limiting the foregoing, WebMD does not warrant or symbolize the Company Listing or any section thereof is exact or complete.
Our observe provides discount rates through main eyesight and well being insurance policies vendors. We also supply funding options with accepted credit history so you can shell out for your personal process after a while.
Uncheck the box labeled Under no circumstances let Web sites to ask for your Bodily place if it's by now checked.
IntraLase flaps also attribute a particular beveled edge, which permits exact repositioning, alignment and seating on the flap soon after LASIK is concluded. This capacity to personalize distinct parameters is difficult that has a microkeratome or other hand-held bladed instrument.
I gave him to much income for the final results I'd, I wasn't intending to give him any more. Nonetheless have ghost pictures. I went to my loved ones medical professional, and he instructed me my suitable eye has laser eye surgery Bethlehem PA no focus. As you can imagine my eyesight suck continue to as a result of going to him. I will probably be searching for a read more a lot more competent medical doctor to try to correct my eyesight troubles. more info I might under no circumstances propose him. I might be incredibly watchful. I initially wished to do 1 eye at a time and he told me that they do not try this. If i planned to It could be far more costly. I must have run then a there.	

Our sessions will be a co-creative process where we work together towards whatever your definition of a successful outcome is. While sometimes only one or two sessions are needed to achieve this, everyone is different and there are no guarantees – we are complex beings, and symptoms which may have been present for many years may realistically take closer to 4-6 sessions to reach a resolve. This will require some commitment from you in order to succeed, and there may be some ‘homework’ (for example, keeping a food/sleep/exercise diary, depending on what you have come for). I will also teach you self-hypnosis so you can take this skill away with you to use any time.

Akira Ishida (石田 彰 Ishida Akira, born November 2, 1967 in Nisshin, Aichi, Japan) is a Japanese voice actor.
He was a part of Mausu Promotion (formerly known as Ezaki Production, until its 1990 change of name) from 1988 until March 2009. He is a member of Gerbera Peerless Ltd. For his portrayal of "Athrun Zala" in Gundam Seed Destiny, he won the "Best Supporting Character (male)" award at the first Seiyu Awards in 2007 and was chosen as the most popular voice actor in the Animage Anime Grand Prix in 2004 for his portrayal of the character Athrun Zala.
Retweeted Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs): – My Forbidden Leads is a DBA of John Carson Lester Jr & TeleDistributors Call Center

Family = $60/year for two adults, two minors same household; additional family members for minors are $5 and adults are $10.
Check yes if your name, phone, and email can be included on the club roster. The club roster will be made available to PPWC members only so people can make river plans with each other.

Every day, 3D printing never ceases to surprise us. Today, this technology has invested unexplored territory: tags . In collaboration with some famous graffiti artists , 3D designer Normally Ben has embarked on a project to sublimate graffiti . He has modeled and 3D printed works of talented graffiti artists to highlight their incredible writing styles. All the 3D files of this graffiti collection printed in 3D are downloadable exclusively on the Cults website.
MR.SORN is an experienced graffiti artist who has recently become a tattoo artist. This graffiti sculpture was developed from an animation by Normally Ben. This piece was painted in 2007 and is a classic example of funky lettering . Link to 3D files to download.
SONE is an English graffiti artist from the Paint Wasters Collective (PWS). This piece is a reproduction of a work painted at Al Fresh Co Store. Normally Ben has tinkered the file to make it less complicated to print. He also added some cracks. Link to 3D files to download.
Normally Ben has developed this piece from a work by KUSHTY . This graffiti has a very old school distinctive style thanks to its two-dimensional letter shapes. As a result, the object remains fairly flat, but the twists and curves of the letters overlap each other. As the original tag rests on the ground, the printed object is stable too. Link to 3D files to download.
SEMOR is a German graffiti artist who is from Cologne . This artist has an incredible panoply of techniques and a unique style experienced throughout the world. This piece is several years old now but Normally Ben has decided to digitize it to pay homage to it. We can see that the artist has changed his style since. Link to 3D files to download.
The Pomme de Pin collection presents a set of three 3D printed office accessories directly inspired by our plant friends.
Bard Hole Standal "professional crazy person" with an ultra-creative spirit, is particularly illustrated by its excellent 3D printed Art Toys.

Printing on plexiglass If you want an aesthetic look, realistic colors, high – photographic quality and weather resistance – then this is the perfect service. Printing on plexiglass garantees all these things. Here you can see what we have done for one of our clients. Check out more of our recent projects and you will…
Cartoon badges We would like to draw your attention to these awesome and funny cartoon badges. This is a great product that suits any kind of event: wedding, bachelor party, baby shower.. just name it. We are capable of imprinting anything, just tell us what you want and it will become reality. Contact us. We are…
Table Cards Check out one of our latest projects. Here you can see table cards for our client. We can print as well other cards for any kind of event. Don`t hesitate. Contact us and we will gladly answer to all of your questions!
Personalised mugs Personalised mugs are awesome gift for any occasion for a family member, a friend or a partner in life. Even though there is no need of occasion to surprise them and make them feel special and happy. Say “You mean a lot to me” to an important person in your life. We can…
Funny and awesome badges It doesn’t matter what is the occasion when you want to order this amazing product. It puts smiles on the face of everyone. Fun and colourful – those are the words that describe it at its finest. We can offer you diffrent kind of designs or you can show us what…
Custom Embroidered Shirts One of the services we are offering is embroidering shirts for your office workers. Here you can see one of our recent project for our client Triumph. Our technologies for embroidering are capable of embroidering even the smallest detail of your company logo. Take no worries. You are at the right spot.…
Vinyl center for terrain Advertising Agency Crops presents one of its latest projects vinyl center for terrain. With this order we became part of the legendary match organised of Hristo Stoichkov. Bet on quality and proven professionalism. We are expecting you!


Welcome to Candid.Tube! - We have thousands of real amateur candid & voyeur free porn videos for you to watch. Start watching now, or begin by uploading your spy porn collection, or upskirts and creepshots. We don't reduce the quality of your material, and you're free to share your videos anywhere on the Internet or only with your friends. Where else would you watch nipples in HD quality than here!
Welcome to Candid.Tube! - We have thousands of real amateur candid & voyeur free porn videos for you to watch. Start watching now, or begin by uploading your spy porn collection, or upskirts and creepshots. We don't reduce the quality of your material, and you're free to share your videos anywhere on the Internet or only with your friends. Where else would you watch petite in HD quality than here!

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today approved Maci (autologous cultured chondrocytes on porcine collagen membrane) for the repair of symptomatic, full-thickness cartilage defects of the knee in adult patients. Maci is the first FDA-approved product that applies the process of tissue engineering to grow cells on scaffolds using healthy cartilage tissue from the patient’s own knee.
Knee problems are common, and occur in people of all ages. Cartilage defects in the knee can result from an injury, straining the knee beyond its normal motion, or can be caused by overuse, muscle weakness, and general wear and tear.
“Different cartilage defects require different treatments, so therapy must be tailored to the patient,” said Celia Witten, Ph.D., M.D., deputy director of the FDA’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research. “The introduction of Maci provides surgeons with an additional option for treatment.”
Maci is composed of a patient’s own (autologous) cells that are expanded and placed onto a bio-resorbable (can be broken down by the body) porcine-derived collagen membrane that is implanted over the area where the defective or damaged tissue was removed. Administration should be performed by a surgeon specifically trained in the use of Maci.
Each Maci implant consists of a small cellular sheet containing 500,000 to 1,000,000 cells per cm2 (about 0.16 square inches). The amount of Maci administered depends on the size of the cartilage defect, and is trimmed to ensure that the damaged area is completely covered. Multiple implants may be used if there is more than one defect.
The safety and efficacy of Maci were shown in a two-year clinical trial designed to demonstrate reduced pain and improved function in comparison to microfracture, an alternative surgical procedure for cartilage repair. The trial included 144 patients (72 in each treatment group). A majority of the patients who completed the two-year clinical trial also participated in a three year follow-up study. Overall efficacy data support a long-term clinical benefit from the use of the Maci implant in patients with cartilage defects.
The most common side effect reported by people who received Maci were: joint pain, common cold-like symptoms, headache and back pain.
The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and security of our nation’s food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.
US Food and Drug Administration. FDA approves first autologous cellularized scaffold for the repair of cartilage defects of the knee. Updated December 13, 2016.
In the News: Value-Based Care - September 2016 published on September 27, 2016 in FDA News & Updates
Competitive pricing and personalized services are just two reasons why builders and remodelers use Value Plus for their flooring design and installation services.
We are REO property specialists. We provide flooring, painting and cabinetry services for real estate-owned properties.
We are true multi-family flooring experts. We offer quality floor covering guaranteed to meet your needs.


Benjamin, I'm glad you found us. Where are you from? Who do you camp with? Are you a volunteer, artist, builder or other? Welcome....
What to wear? What not to wear? Come here to find and how to make anything you'd wear on your body - from goggles and playawear to bodypainting and adornments.
Ha ha! Ive been known to give away a beer or two. I've also been known to not and to go back to camp for a resupply!!! My hydration back pack holds a 6 pack plus water. It is awesome but not in a fashion sense. I take it off to dance.
I can picture myself in only the ruffled panties, leather belt and the cool leather top Espressodude had let me try on this year...that would be my dream playa wear
for sewing leather you might try the Speedy Stitcher sewing awl. No prepunching required and goes through about 4 layers of 'motorcycle' leather.
EspressoDude wrote: for sewing leather you might try the Speedy Stitcher sewing awl. No prepunching required and goes through about 4 layers of 'motorcycle' leather.
I like the speedy stitcher, works well. I used it to sew together sheepskin for a hat and a footstool cover.
(sternum rub) HEY SAILMAN!!! Somebody get an AED! Ok it's go time. (to the tune of staying alive by the Bee Gee's) 1,2,3,4,5,6---- Shock advised! (pushes button)
I've got a few old pillow slips (cotton) and mesh from washing bags, thinking this will help with sweat and its light.
I'm going to make a few different sized pockets and line them. Would it be best to use zippers, buttons or velcro ?
My old festival bags have been hung up with my boots and i just don't think they will make the trip.
I see a lot of leather, canvas, and nylon; some denim--but anything sturdy. Bought, made, or modified--a lot of folks cut existing clothes with pockets apart and reconfigure them, as you may have seen.
What you want to carry in the belt bag might make a difference in what fasteners you use. I had a leather belt bag made by a friend in which to carry my camera and supplies--because I carry most of my playa stuff in a backpack or a messenger bag, but I hate digging in it for my camera; wanting it more at the ready. So I had the leather belt bag made with two pockets, with flaps and swing clasps, so I could get into the pockets quickly, and decided to make removable, washable optional velvet liners for the inside. I can also use plastic bags to line.
If I had wanted to carry many small things securely in a belt bag, I might have opted for zippers under flaps (for looks; I don't care for exposed zippers unless they're kind of chunky and metal).
I used baby clothes that my grand daughter out grew. Sewed to old jeans that I rescued the waistband from. The little bloomers were my favorite lol
tamarakay wrote: I used baby clothes that my grand daughter out grew. Sewed to old jeans that I rescued the waistband from. The little bloomers were my favorite lol
This is something called a half vest for holding shotgun shells I'd guess, and a back pocket for game.
I have one and don't often use the back pocket, but it would hold a jacket easily. side pockets are big, can hold a water bottle, or other gear. There are D-rings on the side for a cup and other 'ookables. I sewed some patches from previous years, and some plastic ornaments onto it.
I wanted to make some belt/skirt and this is just perfect inspiration...even with the net parts...so I think that the net parts + leather instead of the cloth would be awesome...my new project!!! WEEEEEEEE
I got one of these for volunteering for another festival. It's basically like a messenger bag strap, but with no bag attached, just sweet pockets for swag and water bottles and such. I've been carrying my stuff all over the festival with no need for pockets on my clothes and it distributes the weight way better than a bag, plus it's so organized! I bet it wouldn't be too hard to make, especially with a removable strap as a base. Just sew or glue zipper and elastic pockets on it and you're good to go.
If you aren't crafty and you're curious, message me and I can give you info about the brand, I'm seriously trying hard not to sound like an advertisement but I kind of love this thing.
I made a utility belt out of a pair of old khakis last year and its was awesome! Very light, not to bulky, and cost me almost nothing. It had a few D rings for hanging small things (small bathroom flashlight, hand sanitizer) 1 medium pocket that closed with a snap for various items and one pocket for my flask I am one of those people that puts things down and then forgets where I put them so I would definitely lose a backpack, with the belt everything is attached. I am going to make a new and improved one for this year, maybe I will do a step by step tutorial and share! I am not great at sewing but this project is so simple and its so much cooler to rock something you made yourself on the playa!
never realized I never posted the finish product. I think I may just use it more at night though as I have a camel bak to use during the day.
Dancing with it on filled with 2 water bottles and 6 cans of beer is the way I would test it for playa worthiness.
My extremely over engineered utility belt has just a few more pouches left to sew up, but the belt portion is complete. I love the way it is turning out, but the number of hours and amount of money I've put into this is absurd.
The original concept was a utility belt that would adapt to any shape / size in its range and be as comfy on bare skin as it is over clothing. The back laces together and the front has 2 buckles to accomodate larger hips if needed. The inside is lined with ultra soft 100% cotton flannel, the outer and pouches are crushed velvet upholstery fabric chosen both for appearance and relative stiffness (reducing the belts tendency to roll and making the pouches hold their shape better). The wider width was chosen to distrubute the load better. The front of the belt overlaps under the buckles to keep the leather and metal off bare skin.
The pouches, hooks, clips, etc... were designed to be modular. All components have heavy duty snaps at 2 inch spacing allowing a wide choice of positioning as well as quck changes between day and night pouches.
I should have the pouches completed in a few days and will post pics of the completed belt when they are done.
Savannah: I don't know what it is, but no thread here escapes alive. You'll get 1 or 2 real answers at minimum, occasionally 10 or 12, and then we flog it until it's unrecognizable and you can't get your deposit back.
I note you've said you're using upholstery-quality velvet . . . I love upholstery fabrics for things that have to be useful or sturdy. In college we used upholstery fabrics for corsetry in mainstage productions sometimes.
I really don't know how much weight and it is kind of hard to plan how you will feel about these things until you're in the dust with it. It will really depend on how I end up using it on the playa which is one of the reasons I made the pouch system so flexible.
I have pouches that will hold everything I normally carry in my camelback mule, and if used that way it will be pretty heavy due to the water. Without water it would only need to hold a pound or two.
At the very least I will use it with just a few small pouches for ciggs and an altoid tin since none of my skirts has pockets.
Somehow I expect it to fall somewhere in the middle with the mule for water and less frequently used stuff, and a few pouches for stuff I don't like to have to dig around in the mule for all the time.
On the integration of technologies for capturing and navigating knowledge with ontology-driven services - ePrints Soton
On the integration of technologies for capturing and navigating knowledge with ontology-driven services
Nowadays, many distinct communities are researching on technologies for knowledge capturing, modelling, and navigation. More-over, advances in Internet technology makes it possible to perform most of these tasks on heterogeneous and distributed environments such as the Web. These advances though, have raise the need for knowledge services to accommodate the ever increasing number of Web users. To provide such a service one needs to combine key technologies for different aspects of knowledge management:capturing, modelling, navigating. This should be tightly integrated with the intended service. We describe such an integration effort in this paper. Our domain is a Web-based news repository and we aimed to provide personalised ontology-driven services on the top of it. We used knowledge capturing technologies to populate the underlying ontologies, knowledge modelling techniques to provide reasoning capabilities for the ontology-driven service, and navigating technologies to overlay Web-pages with the ontology-driven service.
Current Faculties > Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences > School of Electronics and Computer Science > Electronics & Computer Science (pre 2018 reorg)


Back with a new W…W…W…Wednesday. Thanks to Miz B at Should Be Reading for inspiring so many of us to get involved in WWW Wednesdays. It’s always a great way to connect.
I’d love to know what everyone is reading. To play along, just answer the following three (3) questions…(or post a link to your blog.)
• What are you currently reading? • What did you recently finish reading? • What do you think you’ll read next?
Loving The Sleepwalker’s Guide to Dancing. My mom read it recently and has been on a campaign to get people to read this book. Only 100 pages in but so far she’s right. Fractured family. India. Generation gap. All good stuff. I was reading To the Lighthouse, but it was not suiting my mood. I really do like Virginia Woolf, but I’m not in the right place for dense, cerebral prose right now.
Over the weekend I finished My Salinger Year (another tick in the non-fiction column). Rakoff just carried me away with her story of a literary agency stuck in time. Although I’m not personally a Salinger fan, I still got caught up in this year in her life because of the engaging writing and her vulnerability. (Review to post tomorrow.) I also finished my audio book, Beatrice and Virgil, by Yann Martel which was so creepy and disturbing and violent, that I’m still not quite sure what to make of it.
I have a huge stack of library books which I picked up yesterday, all of which demand to be on the top of the pile. My books include new titles from great authors, like Ian McEwan and T.C. Boyle. I also have Rowell’s Fangirl, which I hope will restore my love of Rowell. I might try to zip through that first.
What are your W…W…W… titles? Please feel free to share a link to your own W…W…W…Wednesday posts or share your reading plans in the comments.
audio book, book meme, books, Goodreads, non-fiction, www wednesday, www wednesdays, WWW_Wednesday	11 Comments
How can it be Wednesday. Very little reading progress this week as work has kicked into high gear, but I’m trying to at least remain consistent in posting weekly, even if I can’t get to much more than that.
Thanks to Miz B at Should Be Reading for inspiring so many of us to get involved in WWW Wednesdays. It’s always a great way to connect.
Feeling plateaued 300 pages into A Curious Man: The Strange and Brilliant Life of Robert “Believe It or Not!” Ripley. The man and the time period are so interesting but the writing is not as engaging as the book wears on. I haven’t opened it in quite a few days. I set aside the audio version of The Rise & Fall of Great Powers. I like it too much to suffer through bad narration, so I’ll look for a print copy. Instead, listening to the perfectly pleasant Still Life with Bread Crumbs, by the always reliable Anna Quindlen. About half-way through.
Yesterday I read Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened by Allie Brosch in one sitting. Not my typical read at all — a collection of comedic illustrated essays — but I had heard really great reviews from readers I trust. And I’m glad I snapped my mini-reading funk with this book. Fast-paced, acerbic humor (as in I was laughing out loud at the pool) balanced with heartbreaking honesty. I recognized myself several times throughout. It’s really good read.
I finally settled on my Dusting Off the Bookshelf August choice (aided by what was on-shelf at the library this week). I’m going to read The Flying Troutmans by Miriam Toews, partly because I also really want to read All My Puny Sorrows so I want to get to know this author’s writing. Looking for me next great audio…
What are you currently reading? Just about half-way through A Curious Man: The Strange and Brilliant Life of Robert “Believe It or Not!” Ripley. So far it’s a fascinating read and a surprise in that it’s the first thorough biography of Ripley ever written. I’m always fascinated by oddities so this is non-fiction right up my alley. On audio, I’m still loving the content and writing in The Rise & Fall of Great Powers by Tom Rachman, but still not a fan of the narration. It’s all good until she starts “embodying” the characters’ voices. Then I want to run out of my car. I think I’ll have to order the print.
What did you recently finish reading? Posted a rave review of Brain on Fire earlier this week. I also finished Fourth of July Creek, which I haven’t yet reviewed because I haven’t wanted to return to it’s deep darkness. That’s not to say it isn’t excellent — it is. Brutal, honest, ugly. This is a terrifying look at a part of the US I know nothing about — separatists, conspiracy zealots, farmers, drifters. Dark as it was, I couldn’t put it down. Hard to believe it’s a debut novel. Great writing.
What do you think you’ll read next? Still need to start 1984, which my 13 year-old has almost finished, but definitely didn’t love. I also want to read Virginia Woolf this month, although I haven’t settled on which book. Plus, I need to finally choose my Dusting Off the Bookshelf August choice. On audio, I ordered Still Life With Breadcrumbs by Anna Quindlen which I hope will be an improvement over the Rachman narrator.
1984, A Curious Man, audio book, book meme, books, Brain on Fire, classic literature, Fourth of July Creek, Goodreads, non-fiction, Ripley, Still Life with Breadcrumbs, The Rise & Fall of Great Powers, Virginia Woolf, www wednesday, www wednesdays, WWW_Wednesday	17 Comments
Hooray, it’s Wednesday — one of my favorite blogging days of the week as I get to share what everyone’s reading. I’m pretty pleased with my list this week.
What are you currently reading? I’m almost finished with my book club title, Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness. This is an incredibly disturbing and captivating read. I haven’t wanted to set the book down for the past couple days, even though I’m alternatingly fascinated and terrified by this young woman’s true story. Highly recommend. On audio, I’m starting The Rise & Fall of Great Powers by Tom Rachman. I was a big fan of The Imperfectionists and I’m already finding some of that same dark humor in disk 1; however, I’m not a huge fan of the narrator’s voice and I’m wondering if I need to switch to the print edition.
What did you recently finish reading? I am very sad to have completed the audio version of The Dead in Their Vaulted Arches, as it is the last in Bradley’s 6-book Flavia de Luce series. Rumor (aka the internet) has it that he’s writing a new Flavia series, but it won’t necessarily contain all the places and characters I’ve come to love from Buckshaw and Bishop’s Lacey. I have adored each installment in the series. This is the only one, however, that I don’t think would stand alone without reading the preceeding novels. This finale ties together many outstanding questions left from the 5 murders Flavia has “solved” in her 11th year. Also finished Shotgun Lovesongs (reviewed here) and We Were Liars, which definitely deserves a review that I have not yet written.
What do you think you’ll read next? I was surprised and thrilled to find a copy of Fourth of July Creek on the New Release shelf at the library. I’ve heard such great things about it. Even though it’s almost 500 pages, I’m going to sneak it in before my next non-fiction, A Curious Man, and my classic, 1984 (which my 13 year-old is HATING by the way). No shortage of books to read this month.
1984, Alan Bradley, audio book, book meme, books, Brain on Fire, classic literature, Flavia de Luce, Fourth of July Creek, Goodreads, memoir, Nickolas Butler, non-fiction, Shotgun Lovesongs, The Dead in their vaulted arches, The Rise & Fall of Great Powers, We Were Liars, www wednesday, www wednesdays, WWW_Wednesday	27 Comments
I missed all of my fellow WWW-ers last week, but I decided I would not spend a day of my family vacation glued to WordPress. Instead, I was reading!!!! More books than I’ll even mention in this post, but reviews and wrap-up are rolling out on the blog this week.
Thanks to Miz B at Should Be Reading for inspiring so many of us to get involved in WWW Wednesdays. It’s always so great to see what everyone is reading.
What are you currently reading? Just starting a short story collection, Birds of a Lesser Paradise that has been on my shelf for a couple years. I needed something completely different in style to sort of clear my mind and this does the trick. Really strong writing and interesting characters, which are key to successful short stories. On audio, I’m back into The Dead in Their Vaulted Arches, the 6th installment in the Flavia de Luce mysteries. I just adore Flavia and I appreciate how Bradley is bringing together the previous stories and mysteries in this one (which I hope is not his last).
What did you recently finish reading? So many books! Most recently I read a classic (another of my personal 2014 goals). Their Eyes Were Watching God was a very difficult read for me for two reasons. 1) All of the dialog is in heavy dialect so I had to pick apart the language, especially in the first half. 2) I have a hard time not applying my modern values/standards to what I read — which is really unfair given the early 20th century, black community setting of this book. I sometimes wanted to shake the main character Janie, but ultimately, I’m really glad I read this book. It will stick with me.
What do you think you’ll read next? I have a lot of reading goals for August, including two non-fiction books, Brain on Fire and A Curious Man, and another classic, 1984, but first up a fiction book recommended by a friend, Shotgun Lovesongs. I love a good small town drama.
I am back with another solid week of books read and reviewed and heading into 10 days offs when I hope to really make a dent in my TBR.
Thanks to Miz B at Should Be Reading for hosting. I have discovered so many other wonderful blogs through this book-loving meme.
What are you currently reading? I wish I could remember* which terrific blog peaked my interest in Bellweather Rhapsody because I’m really enjoying this mystery (maybe ghost story?) set amid a high school arts conference at a crumbling grand hotel. After feeling burned by The Interestings (which I did not love), I was nervous about delving into another group of teenage prodigies, but this one grabbed me right away. On audio, I’m loving The Dead in Their Vaulted Arches, the 6th installment in the Flavia de Luce mysteries.
What did you recently finish reading? I read and reviewed Close Your Eyes, Hold Hands by Chris Bohjalian. I definitely recommend it to fans of YA and strong smart writing. Also finished The Secret Life of CeeCee Wilkes, which was my first Diane Chamberlain novel. It was completely engaging while I read it, but more made-for-tv-movie than my typical reading choices. It turned out to be a good choice for a summer, poolside read as the story was engaging but the language was simple and straightforward.
What do you think you’ll read next? I had a great visit to the library this week as I prepare for vacation and a solid week of nothing but time on my hands. I chose 7 books, all different genre, mostly older releases. I’ll be starting with The Painter because I’ve heard nothing but outstanding raves and I’ve never read Peter Heller.
*EDIT: Many, many thanks to Rosemary at Rosemary and Reading Glasses as she is the blogger who introduced me to this book and author. Thanks for the reminder Rosemary.
I offer a heartfelt thank you to the members of the blogging community who offered words of encouragement and support last week when I was feeling stuck in the reading mud. You inspired me to push through (and made it OK if I had decided to give up.) I did finish Americanah, and I’m glad I didn’t give up. Now on to more books, more plans and more reviews.
What are you currently reading? The Secret Life of CeeCee Wilkes has been sitting on my to-be-read shelf for a couple of years. I finally chose it because one of my Goodreads reading groups is doing a Diane Chamberlain author challenge. Right away I know that it’s not a typical Alena read, but it feels good to read something easier to digest after some of the heavy reads lately. I’m not sure I’m buying the premise behind this story, but I’m curious to see where it goes.
What did you recently finish reading? I read Mr. Penumbra’s 24-Hour Bookstore (another title that had been languishing on my TBR) for my in-person Book Club and I’m so glad I did. Dan Brown meets Harry Potter meets book nerds all set against a computer geek backdrop. A really enjoyable read. I also finished the above-mentioned Americanah, The Invention of Wings (reviewed yesterday) and the audio version of The Wife, The Maid and The Mistress, which moved a little slowly for my taste.
What do you think you’ll read next? I’m beyond excited to dive into Close Your Eyes Hold Hands, Chris Bohjalian’s first foray into YA fiction, which is getting incredible reviews. I’ve been slowly making my way through this author’s enormous body of work while still keeping up with his new releases. He’s a solid writer who tells really interesting stories. Hope to start that this weekend. Also beginning a new audio today. The Dead in Their Vaulted Arches is the 6th installment in the Flavia de Luce mysteries, which have charmed me each time. Outstanding narration of really great books. Looking forward to getting in the car each day.
Light hire is available for the Revolve24 event at Brands Hatch on15/16 September 2018. You will be able to collect your lights from a member of our team on the Exposure Lights stand.
Please make sure you have credit card and photographic ID as you will need these to complete your hire.

Ace of Wands Two of Wands Three of Wands Four of Wands Five of Wands Six of Wands Seven of Wands Eight of Wands Nine of Wands Ten of Wands Daughter of Wands Son of Wands Mother of Wands Father of Wands
Ace of Cups Two of Cups Three of Cups Four of Cups Five of Cups Six of Cups Seven of Cups Eight of Cups Nine of Cups Ten of Cups Daughter of Cups Son of Cups Mother of Cups Father of Cups

All illustrations highly detailed. Aquarelle elements could be used for background, texture, pattern, frame or border. Ready to print or use for anything you want. Full editable (size, colors, etc.). The possibilities of use are endless!
Elements are painted by hand and every image is a separate file. The graphics are a PNG file, 300 dpi, without background. Patterns and Frames are JPG size 3500x3500px.
Thank you for choosing www.WatercolorPNG.com We are working hard every day to make the best products for design purposes.
In case you haven’t found what you are looking for you can contact us directly at team@watercolorpng.com.
We don't store your password in a readable format, so if you've forgotten it, we have to generate a brand new one. Enter your email address below and we'll send you a link so you can change your password; don't worry if you've forgotten your username, we'll send that too.
RepublicOfDownloads contracted DesignerWhere to provide an online data distribution portal using the power of a Content Delivery Network, online invoicing, scheduled downloads and powerful portal management services
Customers want to buy from and work with experts. Businesses that prove they are the place for a certain product or service set the stage for lasting success. So how do you become an expert – and show your expertise to others? Here are six key strategies.
When you define your business in the broadest terms (“We’re an online home accessories boutique” or “I’m a career planning consultant”), it’s harder to make your expertise stand out. Take the time to align what you’re best at with a well-defined need in your market. For example, “We’re an online home accessories boutique specializing in eco-friendly modern design” or “I’m a career planning consultant who works with stay-at-home parents re-entering the job market.” When you stake out a niche for yourself, it’s easier to become known as an expert and attract customers that are the best fit for you. This is one of the many reasons we recommend getting ultra-clear about what you do and the customers you serve.
You can’t skip this step. If you want to become an expert, you have to be devoted to constantly improving what you offer your customers. How could your product or service more closely meet their needs? What could you do to more clearly demonstrate the difference between you and your competitors? What can you do to support your customers even after your work engagement is complete? What tools could you give them to help ensure their success? When you consistently outperform your customers’ expectations, they’ll spread the word about why your business stands apart.
Beyond doing good work, you have to tell the world about it. That means collecting and sharing testimonials from your happy customers. You may even want to create some case studies on your best success stories. A chorus of voices singing your praises builds your reputation as an expert. Integrate your positive feedback into your pitch decks, proposals and your website.
If the design of your website or newsletter looks stuck in the past, no one will believe that you’re at the top of your field, even if you are doing superb work. You need to convey expertise and professionalism everywhere your customers might encounter you.
Blogging regularly about topics that interest your target customers helps establish your thought leadership. Prospective customers might discover you when they’re searching Google for information on your area of expertise. You can also create a lead magnet — a valuable guide or tool that you offer in exchange for a site visitor sharing their email address. More in-depth than a blog post, a lead magnet gives prospects more evidence that your knowledge and experience are the perfect fit for their needs.
Besides sharing content on your own website, you can also look for opportunities to write for other platforms where your target customers would be likely to encounter you. Many blogs, and even some larger publications, accept guest articles. You also want to make sure you’re on the radar of the key influencers that your customers pay attention to. Here’s where a highly professional press kit comes in handy.
At DesignGood, we help make sure our clients’ expertise shines through on their websites, in their blog posts and in their outreach materials. Let’s talk more about how we can help you showcase all you have to offer.
Posted in Blankets, In progress, Saddle Pads, tagged blanket, In progress, Rambling, saddle pad on February 28, 2018| 7 Comments »	
I never made time to work on this month’s tack project, which annoys me, but I’m trying not to be too hard on myself because I’ve been working (and completing!) many sewing projects, mostly for the shop.
Here’s one of two blankets I finished. Adding a neck hood was a spur of the moment idea and I’m really happy with the result. I haven’t worked out a pattern for a full hood yet, but I’m sure I will eventually.
I mentioned draft sized blankets a while back, which I am working on… I’m just waiting on hardware at the moment! In the meantime my poor FVO is practically buried with in-progress saddle pads. There are blanket pieces piled on there somewhere too.
A couple weeks back I received some new galaxy print fabric. (I’m always on the lookout for it, what can I say??) I’m so in love with this one and want to make galaxy patterned EVERYTHING… so far I have a couple English pads plus a cut back western one. (still in progress) There will definitely be some in my Etsy shop in the near future. (along with half a dozen other novelty-patterned pads)
My blog also reached a new milestone this month: 500,000/half a million views! I know, I know, numbers really aren’t important but I’m still excited to see that I’ve reached 500k. XD
And last but not least, Desktop Stables has an Instagram account, which I’ve been having fun messing about with. After refusing to upgrade my basic “dumb” phone for years, I’ve finally made the switch to a smartphone. I’m slightly irritated with myself for how much I like it already. 😛
Posted in In progress, Saddle Pads, tagged In progress, model horse tack, saddle pad, sewing on November 26, 2017| 5 Comments »	
Nothing is more inviting that waking up in the morning to the smell of Best Cinnamon Rolls baking. The aroma given off by the yeast doughs proofing shouts out “Eat Me!”
While it may look like it is complicated to make these Best Cinnamon Rolls, just take it one step at a time and breeze right through and in no time you will be enjoying your homemade Cinnamon Rolls.
Makkah Hilton Towers is in the heart of Mecca, walking distance from King Fahad Gate and Abraj Al Bait Towers. This 5-star hotel is...
Makkah Hilton is in the heart of Mecca, walking distance from Abraj Al Bait Towers and King Fahad Gate. This 5-star hotel is within close...
With a stay at Al Marwa Rayhaan by Rotana, you'll be centrally located in Mecca, steps from Abraj Al Bait Towers and minutes from Masjid...
With a stay at Hyatt Regency Makkah, you'll be centrally located in Mecca, steps from King Fahad Gate and minutes from Abraj Al Bait...
Located in Mecca, Moevenpick Hotel & Residence Hajar Tower Makkah is in the historical district and minutes from Abraj Al Bait Towers and...

^ "COLOMBIAWAR.ORG -- The Santa Marta Massacre". 17 July 2012. Archived from the original on 17 July 2012. Retrieved 15 February 2017.
The Socialist Revolutionary Party, or Party of Socialists-Revolutionaries (the SRs; Russian: Партия социалистов-революционеров (ПСР), эсеры, esery) was a major political party in early 20th century Imperial Russia.
A key player in the Russian Revolution, the SRs' general ideology was revolutionary socialism of democratic socialist and agrarian socialist forms. After the February Revolution, it shared power with other liberal and democratic socialist forces within the Russian Provisional Government. In November 1917, it won a plurality of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections (to the Russian Constituent Assembly), but the October Revolution had changed the political landscape and the Bolsheviks disbanded the Constituent Assembly in January 1918.[2]
The SRs soon split into pro-Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik factions. The anti-Bolshevik faction of this party, known as the Right SRs and which remained loyal to the Provisional Government leader Alexander Kerensky, was defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the course of the Russian Civil War and subsequent persecution.
The party's ideology was built upon the philosophical foundation of Russia's Narodnik–populist movement of the 1860s–1870s and its worldview developed primarily by Alexander Herzen and Pyotr Lavrov. After a period of decline and marginalization in the 1880s, the Narodnik–populist school of thought about social change in Russia was revived and substantially modified by a group of writers and activists known as neonarodniki (neo-populists), particularly Viktor Chernov. Their main innovation was a renewed dialogue with Marxism and integration of some of the key Marxist concepts into their thinking and practice. In this way, with the economic spurt and industrialization in Russia in the 1890s, they attempted to broaden their appeal in order to attract the rapidly growing urban workforce to their traditionally peasant-oriented programme. The intention was to widen the concept of the people so that it encompassed all elements in society that opposed the Tsarist regime.
The party was established in 1902 out of the Northern Union of Socialist Revolutionaries (founded in 1896), bringing together many local socialist revolutionary groups established in the 1890s, notably the Workers' Party of Political Liberation of Russia created by Catherine Breshkovsky and Grigory Gershuni in 1899. As primary party theorist emerged Viktor Chernov, the editor of the first party organ, Revolutsionnaya Rossiya (Revolutionary Russia). Later party periodicals included Znamia Truda (Labor's Banner), Delo Naroda (People's Cause) and Volia Naroda (People's Will). Party leaders included Gershuni, Breshkovsky, Andrei Argunov, Nikolai Avksentiev, Mikhail Gots, Mark Natanson, Rakitnikov (Maksimov), Vadim Rudnev, Nikolay Rusanov, Ilya Rubanovich and Boris Savinkov.
The party's program was democratic socialist and agrarian socialist—it garnered much support among Russia's rural peasantry, who in particular supported their program of land-socialization as opposed to the Bolshevik programme of land-nationalisation—division of land to peasant tenants rather than the collectivization in state management. The party's policy platform differed from that of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP)—both Bolshevik and Menshevik—in that it was not officially Marxist (though some of its ideologues considered themselves such). The SRs believed that the labouring peasantry as well as the industrial proletariat would be the revolutionary class in Russia. Whereas RSLDP defined class membership in terms of ownership of the means of production, Chernov and other SR theorists defined class membership in terms of extraction of surplus value from labour. On the first definition, small-holding subsistence farmers who do not employ wage labour are—as owners of their land—members of the petty bourgeoisie whereas on the second definition they can be grouped with all who provide, rather than purchase, labour-power and hence with the proletariat as part of the labouring class. Nevertheless, Chernov considered the proletariat as vanguard and the peasantry as the main body of the revolutionary army.[3]
The party played an active role in the 1905 Russian Revolution and in the Moscow and Saint Petersburg Soviets. Although the party officially boycotted the first State Duma in 1906, 34 SRs were elected while 37 were elected to the second Duma in 1907. The party also boycotted both the third and fourth Dumas in 1907–1917. In this period, party membership drastically declined and most of its leaders emigrated from Russia.
A distinctive feature of party tactics until about 1909 was its heavy reliance on assassinations of individual government officials. These tactics were inherited from SRs' predecessor in the populist movement, People's Will, a conspiratorial organization of the 1880s. They were intended to embolden the "masses" and intimidate ("terrorize") the Tsarist government into political concessions. The SR Combat Organization (SRCO), responsible for assassinating government officials, was initially led by Gershuni and operated separately from the party so as not to jeopardize its political actions. SRCO agents assassinated two Ministers of the Interior, Dmitry Sipyagin and Vyacheslav von Plehve, Grand Duke Sergei Aleksandrovich, the Governor of Ufa N. M. Bogdanovich and many other high-ranking officials.
In 1903, Gershuni was betrayed by his deputy, Yevno Azef, an agent of the Okhrana secret police, arrested, convicted of terrorism and sentenced to life at hard labor, managing to escape, flee overseas and go into exile. Azef became the new leader of the SRCO and continued working for both the SRCO and the Okhrana, simultaneously orchestrating terrorist acts and betraying his comrades. Boris Savinkov ran many of the actual operations, notably the assassination attempt on Admiral Fyodor Dubasov.
However, terrorism was controversial for the party from the beginning. At its 2nd Congress in Imatra in 1906, the controversy over terrorism was one of the main reasons for the defection of the SR Maximalists on the left and the Popular Socialists on the right. The Maximalists endorsed not only attacks on political and government targets, but also economic terror (i.e. attacks on landowners, factory owners and so on) whereas the Popular Socialists rejected all terrorism. Other issues also divided the defectors from the PSR as Maximalists disagreed with the SRs' strategy of a two-stage revolution as advocated by Chernov, the first stage being popular-democratic and the second labour-socialist. To Maximalists, this seemed like the RSDLP distinction between bourgeois-democratic and proletarian-socialist stages of revolution. Maximalism stood for immediate socialist revolution. Meanwhile, the Popular Socialists disagreed with the party's proposal to socialise the land (i.e. turn it over to collective peasant ownership) and instead wanted to nationalise it (i.e. turn it over to the state). They also wanted landowners to be compensated while the PSR rejected indemnities).
In late 1908, a Russian Narodnik and amateur spy hunter Vladimir Burtsev suggested that Azef might be a police spy. The party's Central Committee was outraged and set up a tribunal to try Burtsev for slander. At the trial, Azef was confronted with evidence and was caught lying, therefore he fled and left the party in disarray. The party's Central Committee, most of whose members had close ties to Azef, felt obliged to resign. Many regional organizations, already weakened by the revolution's defeat in 1907, collapsed or became inactive. Savinkov's attempt to rebuild the SRCO failed and it was suspended in 1911. Gershuni had defended Azef from exile in Zürich until his death there. The Azef scandal contributed to a profound revision of SR tactics that was already underway. As a result, it renounced assassinations ("individual terror") as a means of political protest.
With the start of World War I, the party was divided on the issue of Russia's participation in the war. Most SR activists and leaders, particularly those remaining in Russia, chose to support the Tsarist government mobilization against Germany. Together with the like-minded members of the Menshevik Party, they became known as oborontsy ("defensists"). Many younger defensists living in exile joined the French Army as Russia's closest ally in the war. A smaller group, the internationalists, which included Chernov, favored the pursuit of peace through cooperation with socialist parties in both military blocs. This led them to participate in the Zimmerwald and Kienthal conferences with Bolshevik emigres led by Lenin. This fact was later used against Chernov and his followers by their right-wing opponents as alleged evidence of their lack of patriotism and Bolshevik sympathies.
The February Revolution allowed the SRs to return to an active political role. Party leaders, including Chernov, returned to Russia. They played a major role in the formation and leadership of the soviets, albeit in most cases playing second fiddle to the Mensheviks. One member, Alexander Kerensky, joined the Provisional Government in March 1917 as Minister of Justice, eventually becoming the head of a coalition socialist-liberal government in July 1917, although his connection with the party was tenuous. He had served in the Duma with the Trudoviks, breakaway SRs that defied the party's refusal to participate in the Duma.
After the fall of the first coalition in April–May 1917 and the reshuffling of the Provisional Government, the party played a larger role. Its key government official at the time was Chernov who joined the government as Minister of Agriculture. Chernov also tried to play a larger role, particularly in foreign affairs, but he soon found himself marginalized and his proposals of far-reaching agrarian reform blocked by more conservative members of the government. After the failed Bolshevik uprising of July 1917, Chernov found himself on the defensive as allegedly soft on the Bolsheviks and was excluded from the revamped coalition in August 1917. The party was now represented in the government by Nikolai Avksentiev, a right-wing defensist, as Minister of the Interior.
This weakening of the party's position intensified the growing divide within it between supporters of the coalition with the Mensheviks and those inclined toward more resolute, unilateral action. In August 1917, Maria Spiridonova, leader of the Left SRs, advocated scuttling the coalition and forming an SR-only government, but she was not supported by Chernov and his followers. This spurred the formation of the left-wing faction and its growing support for cooperation with the Bolsheviks. The Left SRs believed that Russia should withdraw immediately from World War I and they were frustrated that the Provisional Government wanted to postpone addressing the land question until after the convocation of the Russian Constituent Assembly instead of immediately confiscating the land from the landowners and redistributing it to the peasants.
Left SRs and Bolsheviks referred to the mainstream SR party as the "Right SR" party whereas mainstream SRs referred to the party as just "SR" and reserved the term "Right SR" for the right-wing faction of the party led by Catherine Breshkovsky and Avksentiev.[4] The primary issues motivating the split were the war and the redistribution of land.
At the Second Congress of Soviets on 25 October, when the Bolsheviks proclaimed the deposition of the Provisional government, the split within the SR party became final. The Left SR stayed at the Congress and were elected to the permanent All-Russian Central Executive Committee executive (while initially refusing to join the Bolshevik government) while the mainstream SR and their Menshevik allies walked out of the Congress. In late November, the Left SR joined the Bolshevik government, obtaining three ministries.
In the election to the Russian Constituent Assembly held two weeks after the Bolsheviks took power, the party still proved to be by far the most popular party across the country, gaining 40% of the popular vote as opposed to the Bolsheviks' 25%.[5] However, the Bolsheviks disbanded the Assembly in January 1918 and after that the SR became of less political significance.[6] The Left SRs became the coalition partner of the Bolsheviks in the Soviet government, although they resigned their positions after the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk (the peace treaty with the Central Powers that ended Russia's participation in World War I). A few Left SRs like Yakov Grigorevich Blumkin joined the Communist Party.
Dissatisfied with the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, two Chekists who were left SRs assassinated the German ambassador to Russia, Count Wilhelm Mirbach early in the afternoon on 6 July.[7] Following the assassination, the left SRs attempted a "Third Russian Revolution" against the Bolsheviks on 6–7 July, but it failed and led to the arrest, imprisonment, exile and execution of party leaders and members. In response, some SRs turned again to violence. A former SR, Fanny Kaplan, tried to assassinate Lenin on 30 August. Many SRs fought for the Whites or Greens in the Russian Civil War alongside some Mensheviks and other banned moderate socialist elements. The Tambov Rebellion against the Bolsheviks was led by an SR, Aleksandr Antonov. However, after Admiral Kolchak was installed as "Supreme Leader" of the White Movement in November 1918, he expelled all Marxists from the ranks. As a result, many SRs placed their organization behind White lines at the service of the Red Guards and the Cheka. Later, many Left SRs became Communists.
Following Lenin's instructions, a trial of SRs was held in Moscow in 1922, which led to protests by Eugene V. Debs, Karl Kautsky and Albert Einstein among others. Most of the defendants were found guilty, but they did not plead guilty like the defendants in the later show trials in the Soviet Union in the late 1920s and the 1930s.[8]
The party continued its activities in exile. A Foreign Delegation of the Central Committee was established and based in Prague. The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1940.[9]
^ Following this pattern, Soviet authorities called the trial of the SR Central Committee in 1922 the "Trial of the Right SRs". Russian emigres and most Western historians used the term "SR" to describe the mainstream party while Soviet historians used the term "Right SR" until the fall of Communism in the USSR.
This article is about type systems from the point-of-view of computer programming. For a theoretical formulation, see type theory.
This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (October 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
This article is written like a personal reflection, personal essay, or argumentative essay that states a Wikipedia editor's personal feelings or presents an original argument about a topic. Please help improve it by rewriting it in an encyclopedic style. (July 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In programming languages, a type system is a set of rules that assigns a property called type to the various constructs of a computer program, such as variables, expressions, functions or modules.[1] These types formalize and enforce the otherwise implicit categories the programmer uses for algebraic data types, data structures, or other components (e.g. "string", "array of float", "function returning boolean"). The main purpose of a type system is to reduce possibilities for bugs in computer programs[2] by defining interfaces between different parts of a computer program, and then checking that the parts have been connected in a consistent way. This checking can happen statically (at compile time), dynamically (at run time), or as a combination of static and dynamic checking. Type systems have other purposes as well, such as expressing business rules, enabling certain compiler optimizations, allowing for multiple dispatch, providing a form of documentation, etc.
A type system associates a type with each computed value and, by examining the flow of these values, attempts to ensure or prove that no type errors can occur. The given type system in question determines exactly what constitutes a type error, but in general the aim is to prevent operations expecting a certain kind of value from being used with values for which that operation does not make sense (logic errors). Type systems are often specified as part of programming languages, and built into the interpreters and compilers for them; although the type system of a language can be extended by optional tools that perform added kinds of checks using the language's original type syntax and grammar.
An example of a simple type system is that of the C language. The portions of a C program are the function definitions. One function is invoked by another function. The interface of a function states the name of the function and a list of values that are passed to the function's code. The code of an invoking function states the name of the invoked, along with the names of variables that hold values to pass to it. During execution, the values are placed into temporary storage, then execution jumps to the code of the invoked function. The invoked function's code accesses the values and makes use of them. If the instructions inside the function are written with the assumption of receiving an integer value, but the calling code passed a floating-point value, then the wrong result will be computed by the invoked function. The C compiler checks the type declared for each variable sent, against the type declared for each variable in the interface of the invoked function. If the types do not match, the compiler throws a compile-time error.
A compiler may also use the static type of a value to optimize the storage it needs and the choice of algorithms for operations on the value. In many C compilers the float data type, for example, is represented in 32 bits, in accord with the IEEE specification for single-precision floating point numbers. They will thus use floating-point-specific microprocessor operations on those values (floating-point addition, multiplication, etc.).
The depth of type constraints and the manner of their evaluation affect the typing of the language. A programming language may further associate an operation with various resolutions for each type, in the case of type polymorphism. Type theory is the study of type systems. The concrete types of some programming languages, such as integers and strings, depend on practical issues of computer architecture, compiler implementation, and language design.
Formally, type theory studies type systems. A programming language must have occurrence to type check using the type system whether at compile time or runtime, manually annotated or automatically inferred. As Mark Manasse concisely put it:[3]
The fundamental problem addressed by a type theory is to ensure that programs have meaning. The fundamental problem caused by a type theory is that meaningful programs may not have meanings ascribed to them. The quest for richer type systems results from this tension.
Assigning a data type, termed typing, gives meaning to a sequence of bits such as a value in memory or some object such as a variable. The hardware of a general purpose computer is unable to discriminate between for example a memory address and an instruction code, or between a character, an integer, or a floating-point number, because it makes no intrinsic distinction between any of the possible values that a sequence of bits might mean.[note 1] Associating a sequence of bits with a type conveys that meaning to the programmable hardware to form a symbolic system composed of that hardware and some program.
A program associates each value with at least one specific type, but it also can occur that one value is associated with many subtypes. Other entities, such as objects, modules, communication channels, and dependencies can become associated with a type. Even a type can become associated with a type. An implementation of a type system could in theory associate identifications called data type (a type of a value), class (a type of an object), and kind (a type of a type, or metatype). These are the abstractions that typing can go through, on a hierarchy of levels contained in a system.
When a programming language evolves a more elaborate type system, it gains a more finely grained rule set than basic type checking, but this comes at a price when the type inferences (and other properties) become undecidable, and when more attention must be paid by the programmer to annotate code or to consider computer-related operations and functioning. It is challenging to find a sufficiently expressive type system that satisfies all programming practices in a type safe manner.
The more type restrictions that are imposed by the compiler, the more strongly typed a programming language is. Strongly typed languages often require the programmer to make explicit conversions in contexts where an implicit conversion would cause no harm. Pascal's type system has been described as "too strong" because, for example, the size of an array or string is part of its type, making some programming tasks difficult.[4][5] Haskell is also strongly typed but its types are automatically inferred so that explicit conversions are often (but not always) unnecessary.
A programming language compiler can also implement a dependent type or an effect system, which enables even more program specifications to be verified by a type checker. Beyond simple value-type pairs, a virtual "region" of code is associated with an "effect" component describing what is being done with what, and enabling for example to "throw" an error report. Thus the symbolic system may be a type and effect system, which endows it with more safety checking than type checking alone.
Whether automated by the compiler or specified by a programmer, a type system makes program behavior illegal if outside the type-system rules. Advantages provided by programmer-specified type systems include:
Abstraction (or modularity) – Types enable programmers to think at a higher level than the bit or byte, not bothering with low-level implementation. For example, programmers can begin to think of a string as a set of character values instead of as a mere array of bytes. Higher still, types enable programmers to think about and express interfaces between two of any-sized subsystems. This enables more levels of localization so that the definitions required for interoperability of the subsystems remain consistent when those two subsystems communicate.
A type error is an unintended condition which might manifest in multiple stages of a program's development. Thus a facility for detection of the error is needed in the type system. In some languages, such as Haskell, for which type inference is automated, lint might be available to its compiler to aid in the detection of error.
Type safety contributes to program correctness, but might only guarantee correctness at the cost of making the type checking itself an undecidable problem.[citation needed] In a type system with automated type checking a program may prove to run incorrectly yet be safely typed, and produce no compiler errors. Division by zero is an unsafe and incorrect operation, but a type checker running at compile time only does not scan for division by zero in most languages, and then it is left as a runtime error. To prove the absence of these more-general-than-types defects, other kinds of formal methods, collectively known as program analyses, are in common use. Alternatively, a sufficiently expressive type system, such as in dependently typed languages, can prevent these kinds of errors (for example, expressing the type of non-zero numbers). In addition software testing is an empirical method for finding errors that the type checker cannot detect.
The process of verifying and enforcing the constraints of types—type checking—may occur either at compile-time (a static check) or at run-time. If a language specification requires its typing rules strongly (i.e., more or less allowing only those automatic type conversions that do not lose information), one can refer to the process as strongly typed, if not, as weakly typed. The terms are not usually used in a strict sense.
Static type checking is the process of verifying the type safety of a program based on analysis of a program's text (source code). If a program passes a static type checker, then the program is guaranteed to satisfy some set of type safety properties for all possible inputs.
Static type checking can be considered a limited form of program verification (see type safety), and in a type-safe language, can be considered also an optimization. If a compiler can prove that a program is well-typed, then it does not need to emit dynamic safety checks, allowing the resulting compiled binary to run faster and to be smaller.
Static type checking for Turing-complete languages is inherently conservative. That is, if a type system is both sound (meaning that it rejects all incorrect programs) and decidable (meaning that it is possible to write an algorithm that determines whether a program is well-typed), then it must be incomplete (meaning there are correct programs, which are also rejected, even though they do not encounter runtime errors).[6] For example, consider a program containing the code:
Even if the expression <complex test> always evaluates to true at run-time, most type checkers will reject the program as ill-typed, because it is difficult (if not impossible) for a static analyzer to determine that the else branch will not be taken.[7] Conversely, a static type checker will quickly detect type errors in rarely used code paths. Without static type checking, even code coverage tests with 100% coverage may be unable to find such type errors. The tests may fail to detect such type errors, because the combination of all places where values are created and all places where a certain value is used must be taken into account.
A number of useful and common programming language features cannot be checked statically, such as downcasting. Thus, many languages will have both static and dynamic type checking; the static type checker verifies what it can, and dynamic checks verify the rest.
Many languages with static type checking provide a way to bypass the type checker. Some languages allow programmers to choose between static and dynamic type safety. For example, C# distinguishes between statically-typed and dynamically-typed variables. Uses of the former are checked statically, whereas uses of the latter are checked dynamically. Other languages allow writing code that is not type-safe; for example, in C, programmers can freely cast a value between any two types that have the same size, effectively subverting the type concept.
Dynamic type checking is the process of verifying the type safety of a program at runtime. Implementations of dynamically type-checked languages generally associate each runtime object with a type tag (i.e., a reference to a type) containing its type information. This runtime type information (RTTI) can also be used to implement dynamic dispatch, late binding, downcasting, reflection, and similar features.
Most type-safe languages include some form of dynamic type checking, even if they also have a static type checker.[citation needed] The reason for this is that many useful features or properties are difficult or impossible to verify statically. For example, suppose that a program defines two types, A and B, where B is a subtype of A. If the program tries to convert a value of type A to type B, which is known as downcasting, then the operation is legal only if the value being converted is actually a value of type B. Thus, a dynamic check is needed to verify that the operation is safe. This requirement is one of the criticisms of downcasting.
By definition, dynamic type checking may cause a program to fail at runtime. In some programming languages, it is possible to anticipate and recover from these failures. In others, type-checking errors are considered fatal.
Programming languages that include dynamic type checking but not static type checking are often called "dynamically typed programming languages". For a list of such languages, see the category for dynamically typed programming languages.
Some languages allow both static and dynamic typing (type checking), sometimes called soft typing. For example, Java and some other ostensibly statically typed languages support downcasting types to their subtypes, querying an object to discover its dynamic type, and other type operations that depend on runtime type information. More generally, most programming languages include mechanisms for dispatching over different 'kinds' of data, such as disjoint unions, subtype polymorphism, and variant types. Even when not interacting with type annotations or type checking, such mechanisms are materially similar to dynamic typing implementations. See programming language for more discussion of the interactions between static and dynamic typing.
Objects in object-oriented languages are usually accessed by a reference whose static target type (or manifest type) is equal to either the object's run-time type (its latent type) or a supertype thereof. This is conformant with the Liskov substitution principle, which states that all operations performed on an instance of a given type can also be performed on an instance of a subtype. This concept is also known as subsumption. In some languages subtypes may also possess covariant or contravariant return types and argument types respectively.
Certain languages, for example Clojure, Common Lisp, or Cython are dynamically type-checked by default, but allow programs to opt into static type checking by providing optional annotations. One reason to use such hints would be to optimize the performance of critical sections of a program. This is formalized by gradual typing. The programming environment DrRacket, a pedagogic environment based on Lisp, and a precursor of the language Racket was also soft-typed.
Conversely, as of version 4.0, the C# language provides a way to indicate that a variable should not be statically type-checked. A variable whose type is dynamic will not be subject to static type checking. Instead, the program relies on runtime type information to determine how the variable may be used.[8]
Static typing can find type errors reliably at compile time, which should increase the reliability of the delivered program. However, programmers disagree over how commonly type errors occur, resulting in further disagreements over the proportion of those bugs that are coded that would be caught by appropriately representing the designed types in code.[9][10] Static typing advocates[who?] believe programs are more reliable when they have been well type-checked, whereas dynamic-typing advocates[who?] point to distributed code that has proven reliable and to small bug databases.[citation needed] The value of static typing, then, presumably[vague] increases as the strength of the type system is increased. Advocates of dependent typing,[who?] implemented in languages such as Dependent ML and Epigram, have suggested that almost all bugs can be considered type errors, if the types used in a program are properly declared by the programmer or correctly inferred by the compiler.[11]
Static typing usually results in compiled code that executes faster. When the compiler knows the exact data types that are in use (which is necessary for static verification, either through declaration or inference) it can produce optimized machine code. Some dynamically typed languages such as Common Lisp allow optional type declarations for optimization for this reason.
By contrast, dynamic typing may allow compilers to run faster and interpreters to dynamically load new code, because changes to source code in dynamically typed languages may result in less checking to perform and less code to revisit.[clarification needed] This too may reduce the edit-compile-test-debug cycle.
Statically typed languages that lack type inference (such as C and Java) require that programmers declare the types that a method or function must use. This can serve as added program documentation, that is active and dynamic, instead of static. This allows a compiler to prevent it from drifting out of synchrony, and from being ignored by programmers. However, a language can be statically typed without requiring type declarations (examples include Haskell, Scala, OCaml, F#, and to a lesser extent C# and C++), so explicit type declaration is not a necessary requirement for static typing in all languages.
Dynamic typing allows constructs that some static type checking would reject as illegal. For example, eval functions, which execute arbitrary data as code, become possible. An eval function is possible with static typing, but requires advanced uses of algebraic data types. Further, dynamic typing better accommodates transitional code and prototyping, such as allowing a placeholder data structure (mock object) to be transparently used in place of a full data structure (usually for the purposes of experimentation and testing).
Dynamic typing typically makes metaprogramming easier to use. For example, C++ templates are typically more cumbersome to write than the equivalent Ruby or Python code since C++ has stronger rules regarding type definitions (for both functions and variables). This forces a developer to write more boilerplate code for a template than a Python developer would need to. More advanced run-time constructs such as metaclasses and introspection are often harder to use in statically typed languages. In some languages, such features may also be used e.g. to generate new types and behaviors on the fly, based on run-time data. Such advanced constructs are often provided by dynamic programming languages; many of these are dynamically typed, although dynamic typing need not be related to dynamic programming languages.
Languages are often colloquially referred to as strongly typed or weakly typed. In fact, there is no universally accepted definition of what these terms mean. In general, there are more precise terms to represent the differences between type systems that lead people to call them "strong" or "weak".
A third way of categorizing the type system of a programming language uses the safety of typed operations and conversions. Computer scientists consider a language "type-safe" if it does not allow operations or conversions that violate the rules of the type system.
Some observers use the term memory-safe language (or just safe language) to describe languages that do not allow programs to access memory that has not been assigned for their use. For example, a memory-safe language will check array bounds, or else statically guarantee (i.e., at compile time before execution) that array accesses out of the array boundaries will cause compile-time and perhaps runtime errors.
In this example, the variable z will have the value 42. Although this may not be what the programmer anticipated, it is a well-defined result. If y were a different string, one that could not be converted to a number (e.g. "Hello World"), the result would be well-defined as well. Note that a program can be type-safe or memory-safe and still crash on an invalid operation; in fact, if a program encounters an operation that is not type-safe, terminating the program is often the only option.
In this example z will point to a memory address five characters beyond y, equivalent to three characters after the terminating zero character of the string pointed to by y. This is memory that the program is not expected to access. It may contain garbage data, and it certainly doesn't contain anything useful. As this example shows, C is neither a memory-safe nor a type-safe language.
In general, type-safety and memory-safety go hand in hand. For example, a language that supports pointer arithmetic and number-to-pointer conversions (like C) is neither memory-safe nor type-safe, because it allows arbitrary memory to be accessed as if it were valid memory of any type.
Some languages allow different levels of checking to apply to different regions of code. Examples include:
Additional tools such as lint and IBM Rational Purify can also be used to achieve a higher level of strictness.
It has been proposed, chiefly by Gilad Bracha, that the choice of type system be made independent of choice of language; that a type system should be a module that can be plugged into a language as needed. He believes this is advantageous, because what he calls mandatory type systems make languages less expressive and code more fragile.[17] The requirement that types do not affect the semantics of the language is difficult to fulfill.
The term polymorphism refers to the ability of code (especially, functions or classes) to act on values of multiple types, or to the ability of different instances of the same data structure to contain elements of different types. Type systems that allow polymorphism generally do so in order to improve the potential for code re-use: in a language with polymorphism, programmers need only implement a data structure such as a list or an associative array once, rather than once for each type of element with which they plan to use it. For this reason computer scientists sometimes call the use of certain forms of polymorphism generic programming. The type-theoretic foundations of polymorphism are closely related to those of abstraction, modularity and (in some cases) subtyping.
In duck typing,[19] a statement calling a method m on an object does not rely on the declared type of the object; only that the object, of whatever type, must supply an implementation of the method called, when called, at run-time.
Duck typing differs from structural typing in that, if the part (of the whole module structure) needed for a given local computation is present at runtime, the duck type system is satisfied in its type identity analysis. On the other hand, a structural type system would require the analysis of the whole module structure at compile time to determine type identity or type dependence.
Duck typing differs from a nominative type system in a number of aspects. The most prominent ones are that for duck typing, type information is determined at runtime (as contrasted to compile time), and the name of the type is irrelevant to determine type identity or type dependence; only partial structure information is required for that for a given point in the program execution.
Duck typing uses the premise that (referring to a value) "if it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it is a duck" (this is a reference to the duck test that is attributed to James Whitcomb Riley). The term may have been coined[citation needed] by Alex Martelli in a 2000 message[20] to the comp.lang.python newsgroup (see Python).
While one controlled experiment showed an increase in developer productivity for duck typing in single developer projects,[21] other controlled experiments on API usability show the opposite.[22][23]
Many type systems have been created that are specialized for use in certain environments with certain types of data, or for out-of-band static program analysis. Frequently, these are based on ideas from formal type theory and are only available as part of prototype research systems.
where k {\displaystyle k} , m {\displaystyle m} , n {\displaystyle n} are arbitrary positive integer values. A variant of ML called Dependent ML has been created based on this type system, but because type checking for conventional dependent types is undecidable, not all programs using them can be type-checked without some kind of limits. Dependent ML limits the sort of equality it can decide to Presburger arithmetic.
Other languages such as Epigram make the value of all expressions in the language decidable so that type checking can be decidable. However, in general proof of decidability is undecidable, so many programs require hand-written annotations that may be very non-trivial. As this impedes the development process, many language implementations provide an easy way out in the form of an option to disable this condition. This, however, comes at the cost of making the type-checker run in an infinite loop when fed programs that do not type-check, causing the compilation to fail.
Linear types, based on the theory of linear logic, and closely related to uniqueness types, are types assigned to values having the property that they have one and only one reference to them at all times. These are valuable for describing large immutable values such as files, strings, and so on, because any operation that simultaneously destroys a linear object and creates a similar object (such as 'str= str + "a"') can be optimized "under the hood" into an in-place mutation. Normally this is not possible, as such mutations could cause side effects on parts of the program holding other references to the object, violating referential transparency. They are also used in the prototype operating system Singularity for interprocess communication, statically ensuring that processes cannot share objects in shared memory in order to prevent race conditions. The Clean language (a Haskell-like language) uses this type system in order to gain a lot of speed (compared to performing a deep copy) while remaining safe.
Intersection types are types describing values that belong to both of two other given types with overlapping value sets. For example, in most implementations of C the signed char has range -128 to 127 and the unsigned char has range 0 to 255, so the intersection type of these two types would have range 0 to 127. Such an intersection type could be safely passed into functions expecting either signed or unsigned chars, because it is compatible with both types.
Intersection types are useful for describing overloaded function types: For example, if "int → int" is the type of functions taking an integer argument and returning an integer, and "float → float" is the type of functions taking a float argument and returning a float, then the intersection of these two types can be used to describe functions that do one or the other, based on what type of input they are given. Such a function could be passed into another function expecting an "int → int" function safely; it simply would not use the "float → float" functionality.
In a subclassing hierarchy, the intersection of a type and an ancestor type (such as its parent) is the most derived type. The intersection of sibling types is empty.
The Forsythe language includes a general implementation of intersection types. A restricted form is refinement types.
Union types are types describing values that belong to either of two types. For example, in C, the signed char has a -128 to 127 range, and the unsigned char has a 0 to 255 range, so the union of these two types would have an overall "virtual" range of -128 to 255 that may be used partially depending on which union member is accessed. Any function handling this union type would have to deal with integers in this complete range. More generally, the only valid operations on a union type are operations that are valid on both types being unioned. C's "union" concept is similar to union types, but is not typesafe, as it permits operations that are valid on either type, rather than both. Union types are important in program analysis, where they are used to represent symbolic values whose exact nature (e.g., value or type) is not known.
In a subclassing hierarchy, the union of a type and an ancestor type (such as its parent) is the ancestor type. The union of sibling types is a subtype of their common ancestor (that is, all operations permitted on their common ancestor are permitted on the union type, but they may also have other valid operations in common).
Existential types are frequently used in connection with record types to represent modules and abstract data types, due to their ability to separate implementation from interface. For example, the type "T = ∃X { a: X; f: (X → int); }" describes a module interface that has a data member named a of type X and a function named f that takes a parameter of the same type X and returns an integer. This could be implemented in different ways; for example:
These types are both subtypes of the more general existential type T and correspond to concrete implementation types, so any value of one of these types is a value of type T. Given a value "t" of type "T", we know that "t.f(t.a)" is well-typed, regardless of what the abstract type X is. This gives flexibility for choosing types suited to a particular implementation while clients that use only values of the interface type—the existential type—are isolated from these choices.
Although abstract data types and modules had been implemented in programming languages for quite some time, it wasn't until 1988 that John C. Mitchell and Gordon Plotkin established the formal theory under the slogan: "Abstract [data] types have existential type".[24] The theory is a second-order typed lambda calculus similar to System F, but with existential instead of universal quantification.
Gradual typing is a type system in which variables may be typed either at compile-time (which is static typing) or at run-time (which is dynamic typing), allowing software developers to choose either type paradigm as appropriate, from within a single language.[25] In particular, gradual typing uses a special type named dynamic to represent statically-unknown types, and gradual typing replaces the notion of type equality with a new relation called consistency that relates the dynamic type to every other type. The consistency relation is symmetric but not transitive.[26]
Many static type systems, such as those of C and Java, require type declarations: The programmer must explicitly associate each variable with a specific type. Others, such as Haskell's, perform type inference: The compiler draws conclusions about the types of variables based on how programmers use those variables. For example, given a function f(x, y) that adds x and y together, the compiler can infer that x and y must be numbers – since addition is only defined for numbers. Thus, any call to f elsewhere in the program that specifies a non-numeric type (such as a string or list) as an argument would signal an error.
Numerical and string constants and expressions in code can and often do imply type in a particular context. For example, an expression 3.14 might imply a type of floating-point, while [1, 2, 3] might imply a list of integers – typically an array.
Type inference is in general possible, if it is decidable in the type theory in question. Moreover, even if inference is undecidable in general for a given type theory, inference is often possible for a large subset of real-world programs. Haskell's type system, a version of Hindley–Milner, is a restriction of System Fω to so-called rank-1 polymorphic types, in which type inference is decidable. Most Haskell compilers allow arbitrary-rank polymorphism as an extension, but this makes type inference undecidable. (Type checking is decidable, however, and rank-1 programs still have type inference; higher rank polymorphic programs are rejected unless given explicit type annotations.)
Some languages like Perl 6 or C# have a unified type system.[27] This means that all C# types including primitive types inherit from a single root object. Every type in C# inherits from the Object class. Java has several primitive types that are not objects. Java provides wrapper object types that exist together with the primitive types so developers can use either the wrapper object types or the simpler non-object primitive types.
A type-checker for a statically typed language must verify that the type of any expression is consistent with the type expected by the context in which that expression appears. For example, in an assignment statement of the form x := e, the inferred type of the expression e must be consistent with the declared or inferred type of the variable x. This notion of consistency, called compatibility, is specific to each programming language.
If the type of e and the type of x are the same, and assignment is allowed for that type, then this is a valid expression. Thus, in the simplest type systems, the question of whether two types are compatible reduces to that of whether they are equal (or equivalent). Different languages, however, have different criteria for when two type expressions are understood to denote the same type. These different equational theories of types vary widely, two extreme cases being structural type systems, in which any two types that describe values with the same structure are equivalent, and nominative type systems, in which no two syntactically distinct type expressions denote the same type (i.e., types must have the same "name" in order to be equal).
In languages with subtyping, the compatibility relation is more complex. In particular, if A is a subtype of B, then a value of type A can be used in a context where one of type B is expected, even if the reverse is not true. Like equivalence, the subtype relation is defined differently for each programming language, with many variations possible. The presence of parametric or ad hoc polymorphism in a language may also have implications for type compatibility.
^ The Burroughs ALGOL computer line determined a memory location's contents by its flag bits. Flag bits specify the contents of a memory location. Instruction, data type, and functions are specified by a 3 bit code in addition to its 48 bit contents. Only the MCP (Master Control Program) could write to the flag code bits.
^ Pierce 2002, p. 1: "A type system is a tractable syntactic method for proving the absence of certain program behaviors by classifying phrases according to the kinds of values they compute."
^ Cardelli 2004, p. 1: "The fundamental purpose of a type system is to prevent the occurrence of execution errors during the running of a program."
Tratt, Laurence, Dynamically Typed Languages, Advances in Computers, Vol. 77, pp. 149–184, July 2009
“Automatic paper towel dispensers are a solution to something that was never a problem in the first place.”
“’I’m going to make you a sandwich’ doesn’t sound threatening unless the person who said it is a wizard.”
Since the death of Don LaFontaine, whose voice was used in thousands of movie trailers, Sam (Fred Melamed) has booked one gig right after another. 488 more words
“”I’m going to make you a sandwich” doesn’t sound threatening unless the person who said it is a wizard.”

Although Apple recently announced that the white iPhone 4 won't appear in retail until spring 2011, a German e-tailer has already started shipping the elusive handset.
However, since there are next to no white iPhones in circulation, Notebook.de has decided to sell it at a premium, and quite a hefty one. A plain, black iPhone 4 16GB would set you back between €649 and €699 in the EU market, but the white one goes for €1999. The 32GB model is listed at €2199. Speaking of white stuff, that is a margin that would put Tony Montana to shame.
The retailer specifically states that phones in question are not modified in any way and that they are factory packaged, describing them as a "rarity". While it might be true that you can't put a price on exclusivity, this is just over the top for anyone but spoiled bourgeoisie brats or drug dealers, successful ones that is.

The Catholic Free Press, Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester - Nun says Syrian insurrection results are worse than Assad's regime - Worcester, MA
DUBLIN (CNS) -- A Carmelite nun said the armed insurrection in Syria is "producing a totalitarianism that is worse" than that of Bashar Assad's regime.
Mother Agnes Mariam of the Cross, superior of the community at the monastery of St. James the Mutilated in Qara, Syria, also appealed to the international community to stop supporting violent militias linked to al-Qaida and other extremist groups guilty of atrocities against innocent Syrian civilians.
"We know now that those people are not fighting for freedom, they are fighting for their values, and those values are not even those of moderate Islam, they are fundamentalist," the Lebanese-born nun said.
"What has really scandalized us and leaves us in distress is that the Western world seems to be encouraging this rise of sectarian violence just to topple the (Assad) regime," she said.
Mother Agnes Mariam, spokeswoman for the Catholic Media Center of the Melkite Catholic Archdiocese of Homs, said the insurgents were targeting religious minorities and executing moderate Sunnis such as journalists, researchers, doctors and engineers to pressure their families and communities into supporting an Islamist state. She claimed they were "destroying the delicate religious and ethnic balance" in Syria.
"You don't know when it will be your turn to be considered a collaborator," she explained of the arbitrary abductions, beheadings and killings being carried out as part of a campaign of terror by the insurgents against those they claim are working for the Assad regime. "It is a life of fear and insecurity."
She described the international community's public utterances in support of peace as "paradoxical" in view of the financial support recently pledged by Britain and the United States to the insurgents, whom she warned are "paralyzing civilian life." The Sunni Muslim rebels are also backed by Arab states such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey.
"This money will be used for weapons which will increase the violence," Mother Agnes Mariam told Catholic News Service in Dublin in mid-August after a meeting with the papal nuncio, Archbishop Charles Brown, and with representatives of the Irish bishops' justice and peace council.
On Aug. 15, a panel of U.N. experts based in Geneva concluded that government forces and pro-government militias as well as armed insurgents had committed war crimes in the Syrian conflict between Feb. 15 and July 20. However, only the panel's chairman was allowed to enter Syria to conduct interviews; other panelists were denied access.
In late July, the U.N. said an estimated 2.5 million Syrians have been injured, displaced or face problems securing food or basic necessities since the uprising -- now deemed a civil war by the Red Cross -- began in March 2011. Activists estimate 20,000-28,000 people have died in the conflict.
Mother Agnes Mariam said a prelate in Aleppo told her that although the city "did not really enter in the revolution demonstrations, as the majority of the city's population wanted to stay neutral," the city had been "invaded by thousands of rebels, most of whom are not Syrian," and that they were "forcing people to either collaborate with them or killing them."
"My appeal is for the civilian population," Mother Agnes Mariam said. "This is not the way to bring freedom or democracy to a country which has been under a yoke of totalitarianism for 50 years."
"I have seen hundreds of corpses of civilians who were shot, cut in pieces -- just because they were civilians going to their work," she told Catholic News Service.
Likening Homs to Stalingrad, Russia, or Dresden, Germany, after World War II, she said ancient Catholic, Orthodox and Presbyterian churches had been desecrated and the conflict had caused 130,000 Christians to flee the area.
"The only solution is for a complete cease-fire and dialogue from within Syria and for all factions to enter into a movement of reconciliation and of dialogue," she suggested. "We want first of all to stop violence."
"Mussalaha, which in Arabic means reconciliation, is a community-based nonviolent initiative which has emerged from within civil society. Religious, family and ethnic leaders have been meeting to promote peace and reconciliation within Syrian society. It is an alternative to the violence of the insurrection or international military intervention," she said.
The church-backed initiative emerged in June in Homs following the attendance of representatives of various religions at a meeting that resulted in a number of joint declarations on building peace and mutual respect in Syria.
Born in Lebanon of a Lebanese mother and a Palestinian father, Mother Agnes Mariam lived through the Lebanese civil war of 1975-1990. She joined the Carmelites in 1971, and in 1994 she established a new monastic foundation in the sixth-century monastery of St. James the Mutilated in Qara.
PHOTO: A man carries the lifeless body of a boy following an air strike by Syrian forces in Azaz, 29 miles north of Aleppo, Syria, Aug. 15. Estimates of the number of people killed range as high as 28,000 since the uprising against President Bashar Assad began in March 2011. More than a million people have been forced to leave their homes because of the violence. (CNS photo/Goran Tomasevic, Reuters)
Today, we celebrate the feast day of Our Lady of Czestochowa, Patroness of Poland and an intercessor for mothers everywhere.…
Any N/A Artist Self employed High School College Engineer Looking for work Military Model Retired Senior Student Unemployed University Working Priest Programmer
With Lana Del Rey, you’re always promised moody, sweet + sultry vocals as heard here in her new music video for ‘Lust For Life’ featuring The Weeknd. ‘Lust For Life’, the title track of her new album, with no release date in sight yet, beautifully envelopes the listener in a soft whispered kiss of lyrics, sung […]
Revelation 17 The Scarlet Woman and the Scarlet Beast 17 Then one of the seven angels who had the seven bowls came and talked with me, saying to me, “Come, I will show you the judgment of the great harlot who sits on many waters, 2 with whom the kings of the earth committed fornication, and the… Continue reading The Doom of Babylon

Transactions may be put on hold by Perfect Money’s fraud prevention system. In such cases, payments take up to 24 hours to be processed.

(Optional) Enter threshold amounts. A user who's attendance for the event falls below the threshold will be highlighted in red.
Player Lifetime will calculate attendance from the date a player was marked "raid eligible" in Admin.
After performing the initial query, the results can be filtered down to select users by selecting them and then clicking "Apply Filter". To remove the filter use the "Select/Unselect All" checkbox and then click "Submit" or "Apply Filter" again.

A blog about living well, seeing the big things in the small things, finding the extraordinary in the ordinary, through the stories of everyday life
Several years ago, I remember going to an office supply store, getting out of the car, looking over at an adjacent pet store, and thinking, “That’s the last store you’ll ever find me in.” It was as if I was referring to a tattoo parlor or a gun store. Completely foreign territory.
A few years later, my youngest son, Andy, then eleven years old, asked about getting a pet. Neither my husband nor I had pets growing up and the idea of getting a dog seemed like too big of a leap. Raising two boys seemed like enough responsibility. We suggested my son think about goldfish. Instead, he proposed a turtle.
We researched on the Internet what it took to raise a turtle. It’s more than you think, without much emotional payback. Nevertheless, we did our due diligence, and visited a friend of my older son, who had turtles as pets. Andy and I were both underwhelmed.
A year later, my son brought up the idea of a cat—not as much work as a dog, but definitely more engaging than a turtle. The entire family decided to look online at the pets available for adoption at the local humane society. We noted cats that seemed to be easier to take care of—short hair instead of long hair, no longer a kitten but not too old, low maintenance vs. high maintenance personality. A friend recommended getting a male, as they seemed to continue to be affectionate throughout their lifetime, while females can become temperamental (okay, let’s stick to the topic.)
The four of us—my husband, my two sons, and I—thought we were only looking when we entered the humane society nearly six years ago. Instead, we left with a large, short-haired male cat, thought to be anywhere from 1-3 years of age, declawed by a previous owner, previously found on the street.
The humane society had named him Llama, but my older son, Casey, thought it wasn’t right for one animal to be named another animal. We took the Spanish pronunciation of the cat’s given name and spelled it phonetically. We named him Yama.
Andy insisted that his name be put on the official papers as Yama’s owner. (Later we would find out that Andy was allergic to cat hair. You can own something and still have it be irritating. ) But we all felt responsible for the well-being of this new living creature who had joined our household. Suddenly, we were pet owners. Like good parents, we researched cat behavior, watched instructional videos about what your cat’s tail can tell you, and introduced him to the litter box. The cat seemed to be well acquainted with litter boxes, for which I was thankful.
We gave the cat his space. Immediately upon entering our house, Yama headed for the basement, into the playroom, and underneath a book case. He stayed there for days, before venturing upstairs, making short appearances in the family room as we watched TV.
In the ensuing months, we got used to Yama and he got used to us. During the day, he ate and slept and gave occasional nudges to our legs and ankles. He “head-butted” my hand as I tipped the metal cup of dry cat food into his bowl. I took this to be a gracious gesture of gratitude. My husband, Chip, cleaned his litter box diligently. He made sure Yama had fresh water every day in a white bowl. We all remembered to keep toilet lids down to prevent unauthorized drinking. I became acquainted with the same pet store that I previously vowed never to enter. Under our care, Yama put on weight, from under 13 pounds when we first got him, to over 20 pounds a year later.
At night, Yama was free to explore and had the run of the house. Occasionally, in the middle of the night, I could hear him tearing across the living room floor, like a teen trying out new tires in an empty parking lot. In the morning, I would see our rug on the wood floor, normally positioned neatly before the front door, pushed in and slightly askew. It was the only sign of Yama’s night on the town.
Over time, Yama’s emotional ownership transferred from my younger son, to my husband, older son and myself. We doted on him, made up nicknames for him (Yamasita, Mr. Yams), and played his favorite game of peek-a-boo on our open staircase. Evenings watching television included Yama on chest or lap, where we indulged him with a neck massage or a head rub. (At times, I wondered if my husband liked the cat more than me. Chip was never quite so forthcoming in offering me massages or beckoning me to join him on the couch.) In the winter, Yama slept in our beds, close to our feet, like a lead-weighted blanket. We lovingly called him names like “Big Old Mau” and “Fat Boy”, especially when he resisted making room in bed for our feet. At the family Christmas dinner that we hosted with aunts, uncles and cousins, my older son, Casey, made a place card for “Mr. Yams”.
The cat became a constant presence in the house, low-key, patiently waiting by his bowl when it was empty, hoping someone would notice enough to fill it up. As my mother would observe, “Yama is a gentleman.” He greeted us by the door leading from the garage when we returned to the house after an outing, whether it was an hour at the grocery store or an evening at a concert. When one of us was sick in bed, Yama snuggled close to that person, sleeping alongside. This was a cat’s version of a sympathy vote. On cold winter nights, Yama wandered into my home office, settling into a director’s chair while I worked at my computer.
About nine months into his residency at the Ross house, Yama escaped—into our fenced-in backyard. Until then, the house was enough new territory to satisfy his curiosity and serve as a playground. One day, Casey opened the sliding glass door to the patio to walk outside. The cat saw his chance to expand his playground and slipped past the opening. He headed for tall grasses near the patio and began to whack at them with his paw.
It wasn’t long before he established his dominancy in the backyard, catching mice, rabbits, and even a bird. This must be what cat nirvana is like—plenty of prey to hunt, and if the day’s bounty was scarce, he had the luxury of returning home to a prepared meal of dehydrated fish-flavored nuggets.
At the end of the day, I would call Yama inside for the night. Usually, he would come running from the far reaches of the back yard, sometimes at top speed, just to show he still had it. Sometimes, like a small child, he had to be coaxed back in. Turning on the sprinkler system never failed to turn him up.
In the morning, Yama became my wake-up call, meowing loudly until I let him out for a morning ramble. When it was too wet or cold to go out, he turned his back on the door and flicked his tail as if to say, “Not now. I’ll go out later.” Other times, he went out briefly and would scratch at my basement level office window, or simply meow. It was his way of saying that he was ready to come back in. More than once, I have been on a business call and after heading upstairs, I would motion him to come through the opening in the sliding glass door. I used to joke that he needed to be welcomed back in.
While the four of us saw plenty of Yama, friends and family--really nearly any visitor to our home--was oblivious to our four-legged companion. When the doorbell rang, Yama was quick to run upstairs and hide in my walk-in closet, behind boxes of wrapping paper and bows. He found other hiding places that became an instant refuge from strangers—behind the filing cabinet in my home office, between the shower curtain and the liner in a basement bathroom, under Casey’s bed, among poster board and old school papers, and once, in a toy box in Andy’s closet.
He lived out the stereotype of a “fraidy cat”, even running away from the noise of aluminum foil being unraveled. He had an intense fear of teenage boys, to the point where I wondered if he had had a bad encounter before he came into our lives. When my sons got older and invited friends over for long bouts of Dungeons and Dragons and late night LAN parties, Yama would be in hiding for hours.
In the end, it wasn’t fear of teenage boys that did Yama in. It was his stomach. Yama would throw up on a monthly basis. Never having owned a cat, my husband and I thought that this is just what cats do. He was losing weight. Last fall, during a checkup, the vet told us that he either had an intestinal disorder, possibly treatable with antibiotics , or in the worst case, the intestinal disorder had transformed into an incurable cancer. We betted on the intestinal disorder, but the antibiotics didn’t work.
This past week, Yama took a distinct turn for the worse. Within 48 hours of noticing that he was lethargic and in pain, we had taken him to the vet twice, gotten numerous tests performed and finally heard from the vet, “The prognosis is not good.” Yama had free floating fluid in his belly, possibly the result of ruptured intestines. His white blood count had shot up to multiple times the normal levels. His body temperature was dropping. He hadn’t eaten in two days.
We decided to end his suffering. The nurse gave us two choices—letting him die on his own or euthanasia. I had not heard that term, “euthanasia” in years, since the days of Jack Kevorkian.
The decision to put him to sleep was not a hard one. Chip and I immediately agreed that it was the humane thing to do. Beyond what the vet was telling us in terms of treatment options and his vital stats, we intuitively knew that the life that Yama led, as part of our household for nearly six years, was gone. We could not turn the clock back.
I am grateful that he was peaceful at the end. The nurse brought Yama into the treatment room, after stabilizing him enough to make him comfortable. Wrapped in a green fleece blanket, his eyes were wide open. She laid him between Chip and me. As we stroked his head, he closed his eyes. Our tired warrior could finally rest. We told him it was okay to go. He did not resist. Chip remarked that for the first time in two days, Yama did not seem be in pain.
When we were ready, the vet came in and explained that Yama would receive two injections. The first was a sedative. She explained that in human terms, it would be akin to being on the operating table and counting from 100 backwards, with not much awareness after 98. The second injection was an overdose that would stop his heart. It would all happen in a matter of seconds.
Chip chose not to be in the room for the injections. He kissed Yama on the head and left the room. I decided to stay, to see him through to the end. It was fast, and from the look on Yama’s face, painless. The only thing that seemed to be amiss was his left ear, which was cocked at a slightly different angle from its normal posture.
After the vet confirmed that his heart had stopped beating, she asked me if I wanted to have a few moments with him. I told her no. I knew that all that was before me was an empty vessel. Yama’s gentle spirit had already gone.
Yama taught me how much animals can be like humans. He knew contentment and peace, laying on a patio chair next to me on a warm summer day. He felt anger when a stray cat entered our yard in the middle of the night and taunted him through the sliding glass door. He knew focus and achievement, mixed with pride after coming inside the house to show us a dead mouse he had caught. He showed loyalty with the many hours by our bedside. He could be curious and playful, fearful and timid, loving and patient.
Chip liked to say that Yama was smarter than a lot of humans. I think he was wiser. He showed me how our presence, over time, translates to genuine love.
Now that Yama is gone, I am learning how to love and let go. I move from moment to moment, between a state of being grateful for the photos and memories and a state of noticing the void in our daily lives and being sad. I never expected to be this heartbroken over the loss of a pet, but I am. As a friend told me recently, our hearts are tender things, but resilient in the end.
I still mourn the loss of my faithful Old English Sheepdog, Benjie, the mayor of Georgetown, more than four years after we lost him to cancer. He was a loyal friend and a gentleman. Thank you for sharing your experience with us.
What a beautiful tribute, Carol. I'm sorry to hear of Yama's passing, but moved by what a big and loving role he has played in your family. I hope your many sweet memories comfort you as you grieve and heal, and that his spirit lives on in your hearts.
Thanks for sharing this memorial Carol. A relationship with a loved animal is definitely a window into new kind of love. I'm happy that all of your family got to experience that with Yama...and I hope that those memories help all of you to let go.
This tribute is so moving, Carol. You've made me feel your joy and your sorrow and have expanded Yama's "presence" into my life and the lives of all who read this. What a gift you have for heart-felt expression, and what a blessing to be among those with whom you would share it. Thank you.
Ed--I'm so sorry to hear about your dog. A loyal friend is a jewel to be treasured. I have a friend who has lost two golden retrievers over the years and she's told me that the pain fades away over time, while the memories and good feelings continue on. I hope that is the case for you.
Laila, Marci, and Jim--Thank you for your comforting and kind words. Writing this piece has been healing--to focus on the good memories and see Yama's life over time, rather than his last few days. I'm grateful that I can express what is in my heart and glad that I can share it with others.
Carol, this was so beautiful! It made me cry, thinking about our dog Basia who died five years ago. I miss her still, but in a wistful way. It's hard to love and lose someone, but the loving is worth it.
Sarah--thanks for your comments. Your dog must have been very special to you--I like how you describe missing her, years later, "in a wistful way". Agree that the loss and pain are worth going through.

Paris photographer Frédéric Fontenoy has been called a ‘Priapic Diarist’, known for his exploration of the human body, and erotic work with BDSM themes. But – maybe because the internet has normalized fetish images – the project here, nearly three-decades old, is the Fontenoy work that continues to fascinate and inspire.
Métamorphose is a series of self-portraits shot in 1988 that rivet the viewer with an ambiguous sense of unease, fascination, and curiosity. Fontenoy has described the arc of his work proceeding from intimate, to conceptual, to representative of the collective unconscious, so if there’s a primal quality to these pictures, it’s no accident: the goal of the artist was to “achieve a pre-human form.”
For the curious, the distortion effect was made using a 19th-century technique later popularized by surrealists like André Kertész — slit-scan photography. Slit-scan was first used to produce panoramic images from long pieces of film, then later to create the photo-finish images at horse races. This last application, like chronophotography, didn’t capture a moment in time, but a full section of time.
So what we see in Fontenoy’s series is, well, the artist time slipping. And if that sounds like science fiction, no wonder: Stanley Kubrick used slit-scan photography for the acid-trippy stargate sequence of 2001: A Space Odyssey, as did the ILM folks who produced the stretchy warp effect on the Enterprise in Star Trek: The Next Generation. (And yes, then came digital FX, and the party ended).
If you’d like to learn more about the history of slit-scan photography in the movies (and see the stargate sequence restaged using Legos), go here.

Residents worried about flooding already seeking sandbags By Scott Waltman, swaltman@aberdeennews.com
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy earlier this month announced plans to lower the carbon emissions from our antiquated coal-fired power plants 30 percent by 2030. Much of the justification for this has been focused on the need to slow down global warming, sea level rise and other threats of climate change. But there are many other benefits to Marylanders from reducing our dependence on coal-fired power plants that we need to fully understand so that we can enthusiastically support these new measures and speed up their adoption.
These benefits fall into three health related categories: the health of our citizens, the health of our communities, and the health of the places where we work, live and play.
The coal industry has been allowed to dump its pollution into the air that we all breathe, and they get to do this for free. That is one reason coal is so cheap while our health costs keep rising. The widespread practice of dumping the combustion products of fossil fuels into the air contributes to the 200,000 premature deaths from pollution nationwide each year. This significant health impact is not just felt in coal burning areas but is widespread throughout the eastern U.S. as can be seen on the map published this year by the Clean Air Task Force (www.catf.us). Maryland has coal fired power plants and is downwind from many others throughout the Midwest. All of us in Maryland will be much healthier if we can reduce this source of air pollution.
When these emission-reduction plans are implemented, our communities will be better off financially as well. Health costs will be lower, and employees will be healthier. As a result they will be much more creative and productive. This positive economic impact will be felt by all of us who live downwind from the coal fired plants. As the pollution-reduction related costs are more fairly applied to coal combustion, all other sources of electricity will become more cost competitive. This will unleash many more local opportunities for creating jobs building other types of energy supplies right here in our own backyards (for example: solar, wind, biomass, etc.). This will be good for business in Maryland and the health of our local economies.
The other area where Marylanders will benefit significantly is the health of our natural resources and all the places we live, work and play. For years polluted acid rains from the burning of fossil fuels have fallen on our soils, in our woods and across the Chesapeake Bay's watershed. These chemicals have damaged our crops, contaminated our food supplies with mercury and helped to create the dead zones that underlie vast expanses of the Chesapeake Bay. The EPA plans will have the effect of reducing nitrogen and sulfur emissions from coal fired plants. As a result, all of our favorite places, from our backyards to our farms and woods and the entire Chesapeake Bay Watershed, will become safer and healthier once again.
Let's not allow this debate to get sidetracked to just a discussion of climate change, as important as that is. We need to get everyone behind this plan. So let's focus on the real concerns of those who might not support it wholeheartedly: stranded assets (coal left in the ground) and the loss of jobs in the fossil fuel sector. These are real concerns. However, the health of our families, our communities and the places we live are also real concerns that affect a much wider number of people — in fact all of us. The good news for those currently employed in the fossil fuel industry is the time period over which these impacts will be implemented. It will take years, and the need for alternative energy sources will allow for a transition from coal industry jobs to a whole range of local, cleaner and safer jobs building wind, solar, biomass, tidal and other emerging sources of power.
Reducing our dependency on coal is not throwing away a valuable resource, it is merely stockpiling these still valuable resources as a strategic reserve until the time when we have developed the technologies to use them without damaging our fellow citizens, our economy and our country.
Ned Tillman is the author of The Chesapeake Watershed and the upcoming Saving the Places We Love. He can be contacted at ned@sustainable.us.
To respond to this commentary, send an email to talkback@baltimoresun.com. Please include your name and contact information.
The Huntington Beach High surf team is going to Australia on Friday. Usually every year, they travel to a new destination, do some surfing, get some cultural exchange programs going, meet new friends and see new places. Coach Andy Verdone thought it would be nice to see and support alum Brett Simpson, who’s on the Assn. of Surfing Professionals’ World Tour, and watch him surf in the Rip Curl Pro at Bells Beach from Tuesday to April 10. Verdone thinks this could be Simpson’s breakout event because of the similarities of waves at Bells and Huntington Beach.
The Assn. of Surfing Professional's World Championship Tour is in its second event of the season, the Rip Curl Pro at Bells Beach, Australia. They've already run a couple of the rounds in 2- to 4-foot surf, with some hollow rights lining up. Already there have been some big upsets as a few of the big-gun U.S. surfers have lost out in round three, like Bobby Martinez and Chris Ward, plus Hawaii's Pancho Sullivan the "Power Master," and Aussies Mark...
RICK FIGNETTI The world's best surfers are still in the land Down Under, Australia, for the World Championship Tour's Rip Curl Pro. The surf contest that usually is held at Bells Beach -- for an incredible 33 years, the longest-running pro surf event in Australian history -- was moved to Phillip Island's Woolamai Beach for bigger surf. It was more contestable there, in the 3- to 5-foot range as the standouts of the first round were East Coasters C.J. Hobgood, the 2001 world champ, and twin brother Damien.
The surfing world is still buzzing about the final heat in last week's Rip Curl Pro, the second contest in the Assn. of Surfing Professionals' World Tour schedule at Bells Beach in Australia. Kelly Slater, who seems to be leaning toward making a serious run at his 12th ASP World Tour championship, did not win the event. He lost to Mick Fanning in the final heat. But what Slater did do is pull off another perfect 10 in the final heat, his second one in less than a year. He also did it last year at the Quiksilver Pro in New York, both with the same move - an air-reverse 360. Surfinglife.com.au has put together a video of both so you can judge which one was better.
They finally finished up the World Championship Tour's Quiksilver Pro in perfect 5- to 6-foot waves at Snapper Rocks, Australia. The rights were screaming down the line pedal-to-the-metal, and the surf suited the style of Aussie Mick "the Quick" Fanning, who was lighting it up. Fanning, who's known for his high-speed turns, was surfing lightning fast throughout the whole event and looked to be the man to beat. In the final, the dark horse — the big Aussie Bede Durbidge — struck first with a sick tube and some mean slashes to score an eight-point ride, putting on the pressure and taking the early lead.
The ringing of the bell — that’s what three-time world champ Stephanie Gilmore did at the Rip Curl Women’s Pro at Bells Beach last week. The 22-year-old made it three wins at Bells in four years with a blistering forehand attack that saw her slash some critical turns on the lined-up rights to earn big scores in the 2- to 4-foot surf. Gilmore defeated 26-year-old Peruvian Sofia Mulanovich, who had injured her neck in an earlier heat, and it looked like it bothered her performance as she fell on a couple set waves.
Huntington Beach is hosting the first Surf City U.S.A. Longboard Pro-Am this week, featuring the Guy Takayama Pro Noseriding Series and the International Tandem Surfing Assn. World Tandem Tour as well. Organizers hope to make it an annual event. The Huntington Beach Pier will be the site of the competition, which starts on Friday and goes till Sunday's finals. The pros who will start on Friday include big names like: king of the noseriders Josh Baxter; last year's U.S. Open winner Dodger Kremel; three-time world champ Colin McPhillips; Huntington Beach's Josh Mohr, a several-time U.S. Open finalist; the stylist Taylor Jensen; and hot locals Rocky McKinnon, Justin Hugron and Kelly Kraushaar.
Health advocates are trying again to extinguish smoking from bars and restaurants, the last Maryland workplaces not covered by a statewide ban.
Del. Barbara A. Frush, D-Anne Arundel/Prince George's, plans to file a House version on Wednesday, according to her office.
Phil Andrews, a Democratic councilman in Montgomery County, which has a smoking ban, said a statewide version has a better chance under Gov. Martin O'Malley, a Democrat, than former Gov. Robert Ehrlich, a Republican, who didn't support it.
Montgomery County's ban has been largely popular since it started four years ago; restaurants still are succeeding and revenues are increasing, Andrews said.
"I don't really see a need for government to dictate how to run our businesses," said Lou Thomas, who owns The Yellow House, a Boonsboro-area bar.
As a businessman, he would react if customers were upset about smoke, said Thomas, who is on the board of directors of Washington County and Maryland restaurant associations.
A Maryland Occupational Safety and Health prohibition of smoking in almost all workplaces went into effect in 1995.
However, restaurants and bars were excluded, with conditions. Establishments without a liquor license could permit smoking in a separate room. Those with a liquor license could have smoking in a separate room, the bar area or both.
As a worker-protection measure, a smoking ban doesn't make sense at The Yellow House because "quite a few employees smoke," he said.
Friday night in Hagerstown, Heather White of Martinsburg, W.Va., Alex McCoy of Hagerstown, and Angela Zittle of Hagerstown smoked at the bar on a break at Burhans Station, where they work.
Speaking as a smoker and a food and drink patron, "I'm totally against it because we need a place to go, too," McCoy said. "I think it's discrimination ... We're paying customers. Our smoke over here doesn't bother them over there."
Two filters over the bar absorb smoke and clean the air, said Pat Amatucci, one of Burhans Station's owners.
Del. John P. Donoghue, D-Washington, whose Health and Government Operations Committee has killed past incarnations of the proposed ban, said he favored the original compromise: Advocacy groups let restaurants and bars install new ventilation systems to avoid a smoking ban.
Nick's Airport Inn and The Grille at Park Circle, for example, paid plenty to retrofit their air-quality systems, Donoghue said.
Dick Roulette, an owner of The Grille at Park Circle, doesn't know how his customers would react to a ban.
An area at the front door is a buffer between the nonsmoking dining room and the smoking-permitted bar.
Back at Burhans Station, local blues guitarist and singer Pete Lancaster said, "I like the smoking atmosphere ... They want to hear live music; they want to smoke ... Everyone gets so stressed these days ? trying to survive, working two jobs. The weekend comes, they cut loose."
In 2002, Ruby Tuesday in Hagerstown voluntarily prohibited smoking, joining Roccoco (which since has a new owner and new name), House of Kobe and the Old South Mountain Inn.
Two months into the ban, Ruby Tuesday's general manager at the time, Carolyn Gelhard, said the restaurant lost an average of six or seven tables of business a night, but the wait for nonsmoking tables decreased.
Asked for an update on Friday, Richard Johnson, a spokesman at Ruby Tuesday's headquarters in Maryville, Tenn., said the company doesn't comment on sales at specific branches. In general, though, the voluntary ban, enacted at branches where customers wanted it, "has not had a negative effect," he said.
Mike Kirkpatrick of Waynesboro, Pa., didn't know Ruby Tuesday was smoke-free as he and his family headed in for dinner Friday night. But it was fine by him ? no one in his family smokes, and his children have asthma, which can be aggravated by smoke.
Although opponents depict the debate as liberty vs. regulation, Garagiola said it's actually health vs. hazard.
"Nonsmokers exposed to secondhand smoke at home or work increase their risk of developing heart disease by 25 to 30 percent and lung cancer by 20 to 30 percent," says a summary of a report U.S. Surgeon General Richard H. Carmona issued in June 2006.
If the same carcinogens came from pipes or a stove, a restaurant would be closed down as a health risk, Andrews said. Besides, he added, smokers are used to stepping outside to smoke.
Montgomery, Prince George's, Talbot, Howard and Charles counties in Maryland have total or partial smoking bans. Baltimore City and Anne Arundel County are considering their own.
Washington, D.C., 16 states and some foreign countries do not allow smoking in restaurants and bars, according to Smoke Free Maryland, a coalition pushing for a ban.
Fifteen pairs competed Friday, Feb. 9, in a Junior Fund game during a meeting of the Little Heiskell Duplicate Bridge Club in Hagerstown.
Jean Toth and Rick Elbo finished first in Flight A with a 64.24-percent game. Aurora and Bruce McDonough were second in Flight A and first in Flight B with 60.42 percent; and Bill and Madeline Davis were third in A and second in B with 60.32 percent. Denis Wick and Bob Osburn placed fourth in A with 59.52 percent, and Anne and Frank Carden were fifth in A with 55.95 percent.
Joan and Ron Harmon came in third in B and first in Flight C with 53.82 percent, and Debbie and Scott Kiser were fourth in B and second in C with 51.59 percent.Victor Hingely and Robert Garrity placed third in C with 58.81 percent.
The Little Heiskell Duplicate Bridge Club meets at 7:30 p.m. Fridays at the American Legion on Northern Avenue. All bridge players are welcome. For more information, call 301-797-4627.
CHARLES TOWN, W.Va. - Steven E. Pace, a Democratic candidate for the Harpers Ferry, W.Va., seat on the Jefferson County Commission, said Jefferson County's five commissioners essentially act like chief executive officers of a company.
Pace, who runs an employee benefits company in Charles Town, said it is time to change how county government is managed.
With the county government employing about 180 people, it is vital that a human resources department be established for the workers, Pace said.
The county commission has an administrator - Leslie Smith - but she is "wearing more hats than a baseball team," he said.
That is not fair to Smith, and the time has come for the county to hire a chief financial officer to handle the county's financial issues, Pace said.
Pace is slated to run against Democrats Greg Lance, Ed Burns and Lyn Widmyer in the Democratic primary election on May 13.
In an e-mailed statement about his campaign, Pace said he stands for transparent government, fiscal responsibility, diversified jobs and smart/moderate growth.
Pace said that too often, special-interest groups in the county try to "scare (people) to their side."
"I want local government to be what it should be; government that does the right thing at the right time, every time," Pace said in his statement.
LCHS groups perform at concert La Cañada High School’s annual holiday concert on Dec. 18 included the Concert Band playing Christmas legends by Gary F. Gilroy, the Wind Ensemble playing Russian Christmas music by Alfred Reed and the “Hallelujah Chorus” by Handel/Longfield, the Symphonic Band playing “’Tis a Gift” by Anne McGinty and “A Fresh Aire Christmas” by Mannheim Steamroller, arranged by...
It seems to be the running joke at La Cañada Congregational Church: the Rev. Skip Lindeman has been the interim pastor for the last seven years . It was supposed to be a position the former broadcaster was to have held for only a few months, but he ended up staying for almost a decade. If I didn?t know any better, I?d say the Central Association of the Southern California Nevada Conference of the United Church of Christ, La Cañada Congregational Church?s governing body, just said, ?
? La Cañada High School Christmas Concerts ? Dec. 13 at 7:30 p.m. & Dec. 18 at 7:30 p.m . The LCHS 7/8th grade orchestra and band at will present their Christmas Concert on Thursday, Dec. 13 at 7:30 p.m. in the auditorium at the high school, 4463 Oak Grove Drive, La Cañada. The La Cañada High School Orchestra and Band Christmas Concert (grades 9-12) is scheduled for Tuesday, Dec. 18 at 7:30 p.m., also in the school?s auditorium. The evening?s program will consist of the following: Symphonic Band, ?
The following are updates on area Major League Baseball players . Trevor Bell (Crescenta Valley High, 2005) Los Angeles Angels, pitcher After making his debut last week, Trevor Bell came back on Tuesday to win his first career game, a 5-4 victory over the Cleveland Indians. “Any first major league win would be a dream come true,” Bell told mlb.com. “Even if it was a 10-9 game, and yourself and your team gets the win, that’s a dream.
St. Francis High School graduate Gregg Zaun inked a one-year contract with the Milwaukee Brewers Dec. 4. Zaun, a Glendale native, reportedly agreed to a one-year deal worth $1.9 million. The deal includes a $2.25 million option for 2011 with a $250,000 buyout, meaning Zaun is guaranteed $2.15 million. Zaun, who caught for the Baltimore Orioles last season before being dealt to the Tampa Bay Rays in August, made $1.5 million last year. Zaun, 38, received some interest from the Colorado Rockies and also the Rays and Seattle Mariners.
Verso scores eight goals in seven playoff games, Knights win CIF Regional title The St. Francis boys’ soccer team had a heck of a run in the 2009 CIF playoffs and the talented sophomore Eric Verso showed what he was made of in the Knights’ March playoff run. After they advanced to the CIF Southern Section Division I semifinals, the Golden Knights captured the CIF Southern California Division II Regional Championship....
GLENDALE — After suffering a shoulder injury that stemmed from a violent home-plate collision last season, Gregg Zaun found himself behind home plate for the first time Sunday during a spring training contest against the Oakland Athletics at the Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, Ariz. Zaun caught three innings and had two plate appearances. Shortly after the game ended, Zaun, a Glendale native and 1989 St. Francis High graduate, took off his equipment and tugged off his uniform for the final time before announcing his retirement on Sunday following a 16-year Major League Baseball career.
JOSEPHINE LEWIS, 72, 1911 Citrus Blvd., Leesburg, died Tuesday. Born in Washington, D.C., she moved to Leesburg from Rockville, Md., in 1978. She was a retired waitress and a Methodist. She was a past member of Leesburg Singles Club. Survivors: daughter, Theresa Furlow, Leesburg; brothers, Norman, Rochester, N.Y., Charles, Sterling, Va., Raymond, Gaithersburg, Md., Jerry, Orlando; nine grandchildren. Page-Theus Guardian Funeral Home, Leesburg.
She loved raising her family. She enjoyed her collection of dishes and knick-knacks, especially her array of chickens. She also enjoyed tending to her plants, coloring, bird watching and doing word searches. She often entertained family and friends, and loved to cook and feed everybody. The most important thing she enjoyed in life was spending time with family. She was a member of St. Mary Cathedral parish.
She is survived by her children, Frank C. (Cheryl), Paul (Mary), Dennis (Nancy), Kathy Kucharek and Marlene (Don) Cousineau; brothers and sisters, Marion Jaroniewski, Shirley (Chuck) Kenney, Mary (Dave) Dailey, Charlie (Rose) Swank, Darwin (Barbara) Swank and Arlene Palmiter; six grandchildren, Brian (Amanda), Kenny, Kayla, Jessica, Joe and Katelyn; and three great-grandchildren, Bryce, Kya and Corrine.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Frank Peter Kucharek; and parents, Charles and Florence Swank.
Funeral services will be held on Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2008 at 2 p.m. from St. Mary Cathedral, Rev. John McCracken officiating.
Visitation at the Nelson Funeral Home will be held on Tuesday, Dec. 9, 2008 from noon to 8 p.m., and at the church on Wednesday beginning at 1 p.m.
Memorial contributions may be made to the charity of donor’s choice through the Nelson Funeral Home, PO Box 1548, Gaylord MI 49734.
Located on Watford’s Lower High Street, Artisan’s flagship salon promises a warm welcome in cool, contemporary surroundings. It’s unique and stylish interior is home to a crack team of creative talent and a great range of high quality services and products.
Pop in any time for a cup of coffee and a free consultation. One of our stylists will be happy to talk through any ideas or concerns about your hair – it’s a great way to get to know what we can do for you before you make an appointment.
We shall not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time. – T. S. Eliot
This post is a watershed. It’s been a difficult post to write .. because I’ve been wanting too much of it. I want to sum up where I’ve been that led me to this point, where I’m at right now, and what steps I’m committing to.
I’ll start with my big commitment – the writing and sharing of weekly blog posts. I know this one action will challenge me to take charge of my life. The challenge for me is both the declaring and nailing down of an idea or thought (rather than endlessly exploring it), and then in sharing it publicly. My past experience has been that I play with ideas in my head, but when I come to write them down, lofty thoughts suddenly appear as half baked musings. And to share an idea that I haven’t got entirely clear in my head has felt abhorrent to me. But the catch 22 is that endlessly rolling an idea around in my head does not lead me to clarity, but rather into a tangled and ill defined hazy mess. I’ve come to realise that waiting for clarity before taking action is, for me, a pathway to insanity. So here I will offer up my thoughts, with the intention of moving towards those thoughts becoming more refined, partly by getting them out there, and also by allowing for the input and feedback of others. I accept the need to get comfortable with the inevitable mess that may emerge .. and to honour that as part of the process.
It’s only from travelling to the depths of despair that I have come to see that sharing my thoughts is the first step on my path forward. I’ve been searching for years to find what contribution or offering I might have for the world that is in alignment with my own needs. In truth, my needs are very humble. I have learnt to minimise needs in order to retreat from the world and explore in my own time and my own way. The one thing always driving me has been a desire for Clarity.
Clarity, to me, feels like open space, ease, freedom, inspiration, joy and lightness. I have searched for it in so many places .. in meditation, in constant study, in travelling to different cultures, in seeking to understanding vastly different people and lifestyles, in searching for the essence, the deeper truth, of any moment. It has had me finish degrees that I might well have stepped out of earlier, to strive towards a life with as few attachments as possible, striving for the simplest solution to any problem, to strive to find, ultimately, the purpose for my life.
In my dream scenario I would experience a flash of enlightenment, after which everything would be easy. I’ve come to see life doesn’t work like that. Instead I’ve found that while bursts of clarity gave my life moments of joy, they never gave me the elusive answer I was searching for .. the answer to the Meaning of Life .. although I believe I’m getting closer than I’ve ever been .. Which brings me to what was perhaps my biggest source of clarity ever .. my discovery about three months ago of a system of personality types called the Enneagram.
The teachings of the Enneagram, in the first instance, described to me – with clarity – my own search for clarity. Turns out that is the natural inclination of my personality type (type 5). The Enneagram maps out nine personality types, describing how different people experience and relate to the world according to beliefs and structures that are fundamental to their personality type. After a lifetime as ‘the observer’, the clarity I experienced in learning about the Enneagram felt mind-blowing. I watched as my mind travelled back in time to every person and situation I had observed, and it felt like I was watching the trillions of pieces of a puzzle flying through the air and falling into place. It felt like the world and my life suddenly made sense.
In my ideal scenario, this would have been where suddenly everything got easier and the next steps would be clear. Instead I went down another rabbit hole where the impact of my withdrawal into mental constructs became painfully apparent. It seemed to be a wake up call to step out of my head and into the world. I got a clear message that I need to move into action. Writing and sharing this post is a step in that direction.
In upcoming posts I intend to explore a range of thoughts and ideas that I have been dwelling on. Is there is something I’ve touched on that you’d like to hear more about? Do you have any comments or thoughts? Please share. Communication opens up our world.

November 6, 2007 November 8, 2007 Posted in biotechnology, industry, placenta, regenerative medicine, stem cells, USA13 Comments	
It is a somewhat very positive idea that human tissues previously considered as waste products (after filling their essential role in the human body) like the placenta and the umbilical cord are radically reinterpreted as valuable sources of prospective therapies due to the current results of stem cell research and regenerative medicine. Exactly this reinterpretation… Continue reading Collect and FedEx menstrual stem cells with the C’elle kit: the next flow
October 15, 2007 October 16, 2007 Posted in biotechnology, industry, placenta, regenerative medicine, startup, stem cells, technology, USA, venture capital7 Comments	
If you ever thought of launching a biotech startup… the following blogterview is for you. Jim Hardy is a long time insighful commenter of Pimm and he shared with me his brand new experience as the founder of a biotech startup in the much hyped field of regenerative medicine. The transparency of the interview makes… Continue reading The busy life of a stem cell (biotech) startup founder
Dr. Anthony Atala of pluripotent amniotic fluid-derived stem cell and tissue engineered bladder fame gave a presentation on Regenerative Medicine at the 2007 New Yorker Conference “2012: Stories from the Near Future”. Atala, the director of the Biopolis-like huge Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine with circa 150 people, talks amongst others on the differences… Continue reading Anthony Atala on regenerative medicine at New Yorker’s 2012 conference
May 19, 2007 March 18, 2008 Posted in Bay Area, biodiy, biotechnology, blog, body hack, california, community, culture, diy, geek, IT&BT, MAKE, placenta, science hacks, science marketing, technology, USA	
Builders, Hackers, Do-It-Yourselfers are gathering around this weekend at the most visible embodiment of the Maker spirit, the Maker Faire 2007 at San Mateo Fairgrounds, California. I remember the inquisitive and incredulous eyes of the traditional tech makers, coders, engineers while presenting my placental stem cell project at Euro Maker Faire last year. Now imagine… Continue reading Second Annual Maker Faire this weekend and expecting the First BioMaker Faire…
February 25, 2007 Posted in biodiy, diy, geek, MAKE, partial immortalization, placenta, regenerative medicine, stem cells	
February 23, 2007 February 23, 2007 Posted in clinical trial, medicine, placenta, regenerative medicine, science, stem cells, therapy, USA2 Comments	
Would you like to have some human amniotic stem cells transplanted into your eye? Well, regenerative medicine wants you to participate in a pioneer study! If you are 18 – 88 year old, female and you have corneal epithelial defects and ulcers that have persisted for 4 weeks or longer but otherwise you are healthy,… Continue reading Volunteers needed for amniotic stem cell transplantation onto ocular surfaces!
February 21, 2007 September 14, 2007 Posted in medicine, peer-review, placenta, regenerative medicine, science, stem cells, therapy, USA	
The first scientific review of the rationale for the practical use of umbilical cord stem cells without the use of immune suppression was published in the Journal of Translational Medicine and it is freely available: “the authors propose that expanding the use of cord blood to non-preconditioned adult recipients for regenerative purposes would be a… Continue reading Cord blood stem cell therapy without immune suppression?
answer, distance, fight, finally, friend, guard, head, heart, lecture, long, mother, parent, patience, peers, perish, poem, poetry, reach, right, roars, schools, since, soft, start, tell, things, thunder, troubles, trying, voice, wave, wrong, years
Posted by pimminag in Despair, Family, Friendship, Love, Mother, Nature, Passion, Relationships, Self Reflection	
always, beaten, between, bitterness, boiling, bothers, cause, enemy, fight, forgotten, friend, frowning, harsh, head, health, heaven, jealous, jinxed, kiss, love, loving, mind, missed, moon, never, night, part, peace, people, piercing, poem, poetry, pot, pour, question, quiet, reason, relationship, respect, rude, ruined, salvage, same, sleep, soothing, sorrow, sun, things, words
bowed, cry, down, free, gloom, head, home, journey, laugh, little, master, miss, must, part, plan, poem, poetry, remember, rites, road end, room, set, shared, sunset, take, things
always, beautiful, being, better, bond, care, count, created, devotion, emotions, end, hard, head, just, love, makes, people, petals, poem, poetry, proud, pulled, rose, scented, see, sense, signaled, smile, strong, till, times, toes, towards, work, wrong, you
breeze, brought, drifted, fragrance, gentle, head, heard, love, memories, pass, passion, poem, poetry, Robbin, rolled, share, sings, thought, thousand, toes, voice, waves
come, comfort, flowers, head, lap, mind, moon, night, only, poem, poetry, resting, sky, sleep, stars, vast, wrapped
away, breasts, cry, deep, door, eyes, far, head, heart, leaving, opening, pain, poem, poetry, time, warmth
bed, empty, everyday, fault, feelings, head, heart-broken, hold, holding, inside, myself, poem, poetry, times, touch, vault, wonder
again, astray, bad, cleared, cold, deeper, dreams. word, harsh, head, hold, mighty, mist, mountains, poetry, pure, reality, soft, suddenly, today, treasure, warm, winds
cherish, depth, eyes, first, friendship, guide, head, looked, lover, maniac, needs, poetry, walk, woman
complete, eyes, feet, felt, first, gazed, head, mate, poetry, rushed, sand, shining, sight, sky, soul, special, thriugh, walking, waves, whispered, witness
bodies, cold, defeated, despite, harsh, head, hood, killing, mothers, night, poetry, poverty, storms, sun, survive, tries
along, beautiful, bit, brimful, coat, everybody, far, feet, gallop, gazing, grant, have, head, hoofs, learned, lose, man, mighty, moving, never, poem, poetry, powerful, ready, selfish, shiny, sit, standing, times, walls
Roasted cauliflower is blended with herbs and cashews to make this savory, cream soup. Makes enough to freeze some...
Cauliflower is cooked and blended with red curry, coconut milk, and cashews to make this creamy vegan soup.
Chocolate-covered graham crackers are poured right into the marshmallow batter for a s'more in every bite.
Espresso or double-strength coffee is poured over caramel-laced marshmallows in this decadent treat.
When I was a Starbucks barista, I loved making mocha Valencias because of the chocolate-y, orange-y, espresso-y aroma that would waft up from the cup when I swirled all...
Treat Yo’ Self Two Thousand Fiftee-eeen! (You have to imagine Tom Haverford and Donna singing that, okay?) I was WAAAY late to the Parks and Rec party…like, didn’t-even-start-watching-it-until-it-the-series-was-over late....
These citrus marshmallows go to eleven, by way of chocolate drizzle and candied orange slices. You're welcome.
Caramel is marbled into marshmallow batter, creating the perfect sweet garnish for apple cider---or any toasty beverage.
This recipe for basic marshmallows will deliver up little bites of heaven that are great on their own, or...
Marshmallows are covered in cinnamon and sugar instead of the traditional powdered sugar, with toasty results. (I mean tasty...yeah,...
Been wanting to make homemade marshmallows, but still a little unsure about the process? I can help!
SPECIAL OFFER: Get a 3-month SkillShare membership for $0.99 (take my class and/or as many others as you like!).

The most challenging career for your school life’s if you’re should come up with a search newspapers tell of. Should it be master learning thesis or perhaps a dissertation, undergraduate dissertation or simply a university and college capstone work are convinced that you are required to set up, your goal ought to making a great quality investigate document that can earn you a’s and b’s. Your organization are we able to reach really good thesis/dissertation old fashioned paper? The majority useful groundwork paper proceed with the same arrangement associated with developing. Continue reading →
Application involving schools has grown to become a whole lot more reasonably competitive to ensure the need to have whole as well as the error in judgment no cost secondary education admission articles. Ahead of when crafting articles all of your papers, you should definitely exploration criteria with the fancy you will prove to be checked in. Don’t forget that disaster to watch real manual result in one on one disqualification of startup. Men and women ought to make best use of process procedures to be found in order to make best use of constructive outcomes their software. Continue reading →
I need serve writing an exploration classifieds, precisely what support ever produce? You may expect all professional services, every single loaded scholars at. Whether you simply need help an individual subject of some report for example a methods or maybe a conclude, or you require an entire newspaper written and published, we’ll help. We all supply editing assistance or possibly we will definitely assist you in making a plan for ones paper documents. How can i get yourself a new background work paper through the qualified professional creator without paying an excess of? Continue reading →
Our custom made essay http://customtermpapershelp.net/ service is dealt with, dependable and effective point, where you can get a very important, advantageous and efficient essay make it easy for. Continue reading →
The essay is efficacious for you and faculties that you happen to be enacting. Any time you give thought to the applying as parts to the challenge or as impartial sounds moving together to know your story, the essay is a component from the challenge across which you may have accomplished restrain. Continue reading →
The essay is most effective for your requirements actually also, the universities which you can be utilizing. Will you imagine the product as pieces of a challenge or as fair voices getting beside one other to inform your narrative, the essay is the portion on your puzzle greater than which you could have whole impact. Continue reading →
A standard essay contains substantial amount of unusual kinds of information, generally situated in professional parts or portions. Continue reading →
Publishing an excellent paper means using many challenges. The principle problem is to tell you this evidences the individualized handling within the really matter may possibly be the exclusively right one. Students main objective this really is to display which pretty much any standpoints your change from those who are in your own personal paper have proven to be truly the wrong type of. Needless to say, its found you might want to completely check out problem and show for any of the a necessity looking after evidence of your location. Continue reading →

The cake with ciarie is a traditional recipe of Cadore. This cake was made using the ingredients free and disponibili of the mountain: the mais flood, the grappa and — witch was raccolto by the child durind the passeggiate tra i monti.

modern house interior modern home interior design collect this idea project residence modern houses interior design pictures modern home decor ideas living rooms.
After a lifetime of abuse, Carrie Rhodes escapes but now must hide from her ex-boyfriend and the gang that wants her dead. On the run and just two hours from her greatest fears in Chicago, her car breaks down. With no hope left, she resigns herself to her inevitable death.
But hope returns in the form of an extraordinary man with dark secrets and an unusual occupation. For the first time, Carrie finds herself as part of an extended family where love is unconditional and freely given.
However evil refuses to let her go and darkness rages in many forms. Still, Carrie refuses the light that is shining in her life. Can God’s love, shown through flawed people, be the path of escape from generations of torment?	
February 28 Update: New 05 Images (Scroll down to end in “Options” Box).Install my BTS Jin New Tab Themes and enjoy HD wallpapers of Kim Seokjin from BTS Bangtan Boys… Read more »

HOUSTON, TX JUNE 16, 2014 Cantu Enterprises (Dallas), LLC parent of Cantu Pest Control in Addison, TX announces the acquisition of Technical Pest Services based in Houston, TX signaling the expansion of Cantu’s operations outside of the Dallas-Fort Worth area. This is part of Cantu’s strategy as set forth by Albert Cantu, Chairman and CEO of Memphis, TN based Cantu Enterprises Holdings, LLC. “We are excited about entering the Houston market. The opportunity that the fourth largest city in the United States holds for Cantu Pest Control is limitless and we are excited to be a part of this vibrant economic area.” Cantu said.
Technical Pest Services established in 1992 was owned by Rick and Mona Kocurek. It is based in Spring Branch, TX and serves more than 600 customers in the Houston area. “We felt the time was right to sell our business and we were looking for a partner that would continue our commitment to customer service and provide our employees with an opportunity for growth. We found that partner in Cantu.” Mr. Kocurek stated.
Tony Rios, V.P. and General Manager of Cantu Pest Control said, “being a former resident of Houston, I am familiar with the opportunity that exists here. Rick and Mona have done a great job in building a business that can easily be grown by leveraging the great customer service they provide and the good will they have created. All of the Technical Pest associates will be a great fit with the culture here at Cantu.”
This marks the sixth acquisition the company has completed in Texas. Five in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and one in Houston.

Taken into fusion beginning with Jazz/Funk from my teens, I guess I can say Roy Ayers stands as one of my early heros. With our very first meeting, back in 1997, counting as one of my highlights both as a fan and a reviewer. He was then jammin’ behind his vibraphone. Accompanying India during the Nuyorican Soul‘s album promotional tour at the highly memorable Giant Step party! An effort which eventually helped relaunching his career (alongside George Benson‘s).
“Times have changed a lot and the mentalities too during these last 15 years”. He stated with the calm that suits with the the wise men… “I remember seeing myself distributing my records on my own. But what was possible a few years back is no longer today. For instance, say you meet an interesting guy here or there. Well, in a three to six months period later, he may not be there anymore. And all you gotta to do is do it all over again. That’s the way life goes almost everywhere.”,. Until this lucky day that saw BBE Records honcho, Pete Adarkwah coming to his NY home to have a (careful) listen to some of the hundreds of unreleased tunes Roy has on his shelves….
“I’m literally obsessed by music and sounds to a wider extend”, he explained. “There’s always something boiling in my head”. This being one of the explanations why he has managed to record that much. Collaborating with an incomparable array of great names. From Herbie Mann, while doin’ his debut. To Billy Cobham and Herbie Hancock. But also Donald Byrd, Rick James, Tom Browne and Stanley Clarke. Not to mention Stevie Wonder, Lonnie Liston-Smith and Fela Kuti. If not Rob Alexander and Down To The Bone. Then, last but not least, Masters At Work, to name but a… pffffew!
Meawnhile he would deliver countless jams on his own. From ‘Running Away’ to ‘Get On Up Get On Down’ and ‘Don’t Stop The Feeling’. In addition to ‘Love Will Bring Us Back Together’ and ‘In The Dark’ among others.
“I have always believed in my stuff, man”, he added. Although having gone thru many ups and downs where many others would have lost their minds (if not lifes). “May God bless those who’ve helped me in this.” Not only the crowd. Knowing how he may instantly find allied among them from the very first minute he gets on stage. But also these numerous people who made themselves a name while trying to recapture a bit of his unique atmospheres in their music. Making Roy Ayers‘s repertoire among the most sampled (alongside James Brown and Lonnie Liston-Smith‘s ones) in the world to date…
Something that, no doubt, helped him to keep the faith alive on what he’s doing. But also gave him the energy to keep on making live appearances with such a regularity. Performing on some of the most mythic places around the globe. “See all these people asking me for a bit of this or a bit of that over the decades. That’s truly what has kept me going on”. Even though sometimes stuck in the middle of financial probs. When not family crisis that could have led him to some self destruction. “Yeah, man”, he kept on with a lightning in his eyes. “I saw them wanting Roy Ayers in their music. And this is what has made me say to myself that everything was not all over. That I was not finished. And this is how I have survived…”
Back to this 2003 BBE ‘Virgin Ubiquity’ released album made of 25 to 30 years old compositions, Roy couldn’t help getting back to the working method that applied to nearly everybody at the time… “Labels used to ask you to have from fifteen to twenny tracks for an album project. Meanwhile they would retain an average amount of twelve. This is something I used to do naturally and in advance.” But don’t ever believe that what’d been issued that day came from what may have been rejected at the time… “No way, Sir! We was going to the studio to record songs. And I was regularly telling myself that this one could fit into this project. And that one to another.”
Needless to say that all the aforementioned haven’t seen the day. Our man keepin’ them carefully for a more appropriate time. “I dunno how many I’ve got so far. But I think that I’ve got enuff to release some more albums in the ten years to come…”
“Louie Vega’s not really a musician. But he knows what he wants and what is to be expected by the crowd. He came to me with the basic idea of what would become “Roy’s Scatt”. Then he offered me to re-record ‘Sweet Tears’. And I have to say that what he has made of it is even better than my original work…”
No as easy to put words on what makes the unicity of the atmospheres he creates. As they seem like being so temperamental. Him being an Afro-American living in this New York depicted as a place like no other in the world (cf. ‘We Live In Brooklyn’). Therefore with such a sensibility. Not to mention these regular travels around the world. As many opportunities which would allow him to have the necessary and required distance on things. And therefore have a global view of the world.
But before being the incarnation of a style on its own, Roy Ayers is first and foremost an incomparable receptacle of versatile elements. As many things that would give birth to his expression. And most likely form the basis of what is to be called the art of fusion. This at a time when – should this be reminded? – Black people used to be living wherever allowed by the Whites!!!
Musician, singer, composer, arranger, etc., Roy Ayers excels in lucidity and subtlety while writing his lyrics. Displaying this humor that you may find behind the camera from a director like Spike Lee for instance. As epitomized on the memorable “Pooh Pooh La La” song where he evokes the woman’s intimacy without materializing the word while shortly impersonating the late Barry White. When not having this Gil Scott-Heron‘s self mockery kinda like…
Nevertheless, this didn’t keep him away from being very much concerned about what he sees as the great causes. Africa of his ancestors being to him of course one of his biggest concerns. This leading us back to 1979 when he came to Nigeria for touring, meanwhile recording the mythic ‘2000 Black’ with the late Fela Kuti, that would get re-issued on a white label…
‘History tends to repeat itself’, he said almost with a drop of resignation in his voice. “Never got the money for that at the time. And nor later as it’s been re-released on Celluloid. Fela and I would do the title album on one side and he recorded “Africa, Center Of The World” on the flip. We’ve got a real enthusiastic feedback on this. Not only because of its musical quality. But also due to the conscience and the positivity of its lyric…
I guess being able to go to Africa has been for much in the understanding then the transmitting of my heritage.” A legacy that ended up attracting ‘Little’ Louie Vega‘s interest as he was looking for emblematic people to be a part of his Nuyorican Soul project by the second half of the nineties.
“It didn’t come straight”, our man recalled. “I remember offering him to collaborate on one or two tracks a few years before. He looked like interested at the time but never got back to me, until the days he offered me to be a part of this adventure.
Louie’s not really a musician, but he knows what he wants and what is to be expected by the crowd. He came to me with the basic idea of what would become “Roy’s Scatt” before offering me to re-record ‘Sweet Tears’ and I have to say that what he has made of it is even better than my original work…” This followed by the no less meaningful ‘Our Time Is Coming’. “A message of hope”, he concluded back then. “Not only for me but for the attention of everyone”. Saying that “time inevitably comes for the ones whose work is made of consistancy…”
The Hon’ble Minister of State of India for IT and Telecommunications , Shri. Sachin Pilot visited the Republic of Equatorial Guinea on 4th - 5th of May, 2011. He was accompanied on his visit by Shri. R. Bhagat, Joint Secretary, MEA and Shri. A. Chakraborty, Cd’A, Embassy of India, Angola (also accredited to Equatorial Guinea.) As the Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of India, Shri. Pilot called on the President of Equatorial Guinea. H.E. Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo and handed over a personal letter of invitation from H.E. Dr. Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister of India , to attend the second India-Africa Forum Summit to be held in Addis Ababa from May 20-27, 2011. Shri Pilot also held discussions on current state of world affairs with the President and reviewed bilateral ties with the Foreign Minister of Equatorial Guinea, H.E. Pastor Micha Ondo Bile . He also met his counterpart and discussed ways to enhance co operation in IT and telecommunications.

Bits with a flexible mouthpiece can be used on all horses, however, they are especially suited to young horses or horses with a sensitive mouth. The plastic is FDA approved, which means the material in non-toxic and contains no plasticisers. Additionally, the bits are very sturdy due to the use of a flexible core made of stainless steel.
Softshell Breeches Performance with Silicone Knee Patch - the perfect way to stay warm when out riding in winter is with a pair of high quality, warm, winter breeches such as these brilliant ones from the HKM Pro Teams new Performance collection. With silicone knee patches for extra grip in the saddle they are the ideal choice for this winter.
CDL A Truck Drivers - Hiring Immediately! $5,000 Sign on Bonusother related Employment listings - Era, TX at Geebo
It Pays to Drive With HVH Why? Because we treat all truck driving professionals like true business partners.
We know career satisfaction doesn't come from working for someone - it comes from working together for your success.
Come join our team now - dedicated opportunities coming in the future! Call 866-877-5250 now to speak with a member of our recruiting team! When you partner with HVH, you'll see other great advantages, too: Regional Drivers earn $.
42 CPM based on all miles (loaded, empty & deadhead), home every weekend! All dry freight loads 90% No-Touch freight Pets & riders welcome Medical, dental and life insurance 401(k) retirement plan Vacation program Paid holidays Direct deposit Great equipment! HVH creates a culture where Drivers are the priority! Driver Requirements: CDL Class A Must have a minimum of 1 year Class-A CDL driving experience within the previous 3 years At least 23 years of age No more than 3 moving violations in the past 3 years No DOT Reportable accidents in the past 3 years No DUI / DWI convictions within previous 5 years All Criminal Convictions in the last 7 years will be reviewed Apply now or call 866-877-5250 for more information!
We have to get WN on a paying basis. For now, we reach into our own pockets and work for free. Madness. No wonder WN is so ineffective.
A fact of life in most of the third world is bribes and corruption. This is on the rise in the US. I belive almost any prominant liberal could be bought off. If not, a cop or soldier could be enticed to make the problem disappear.
I am certain that with enough money, WN could do anything. Money is our god as Americans and we will do anything to obtain it. If WN was as profitable as real estate or the stock market, people would BEG to sign up. The USG now pays middle class STEMers to build the surveillance system that will imprison themselves and their children…the power of money.
It’s not only that. Wars cost money. Fighting an insurgency now is pure fantasy because we have nothing. Guns cost money, ammo, food, safe houses, clothing, transport, communications, bribes. I believe Brevik took out loans of about 200,000 Euros to finance his op. That’s one day, a one man op. Longer with more men costs more money.
It is time to focus on the how. Never lie to yourself. Nothing gets done without money. I know that it sounds boring. No one wants to do the boring stuff and lay the foundation. Everyone wants to pull triggers, everyone loves the rush.
For those with the proper risk tolerance and mental wiring, breaking the rules can offer alot of juice. Often the more illegal and underground, the more profitable. Also, this will be good practice. There are two sets of laws today: one for the rich, one for everyone else. There is in fact, only one rule – whoever has the gold makes the rules.
As always, never break the law…God’s law, the only law there is. “With enough power and money, you can do anything.”
I no longer read most WN sites as they are pure fantasy. I have learned more from contemplating the Dolph Lundgren fitness tape. The addition of money, music in the right places, video angles, editing make it what it is.
Manufactured celebrity, all made possible by money. The effect is awesome. How much is substance, how much is marketing? WNs are now like musicians concerned only with our own ability.
When I was young, I had alot of admiration for the Soviet Union. I admired the military displays, their discipline and bearing, their seriousness. I always used to wonder – what would it be like to live there? Why don’t the Russian people revolt? Surely they must have known that everything was lies and all the numbers were cooked.
The answer is clear now: they were too busy working. The party knew that if a man works many hours, he’ll be grateful just to watch TV or listen to the radio before going to bed and doing it again the next day. Decency, progress, enjoyment – these things are unnecessary. When the body is tired, the mind will also be exhausted. On a smaller scale, interrogators use this tactic to reduce the subject’s resistance and increase suggestibility/cooperation.
A similar situation unfolds in Murka. Wages have not risen relative to inflation since the 1980s. The average American’s pay is so low that he must work long and hard just to stay where he is. In the next few decades, most of our current middle class will disappear. New retail directives call for few full time employees, with everyone under 30 hours to avoid ObamaCare coverage. There is no recovery from the current depression.
It’s very hard to see the decline of Murka if you just look in the obvious places. Superficially Murka looks fairly good today. Federal grants have released alot of “free” money into small towns who have spent it on beautification projects.
You have to look carefully – check employee areas, breakrooms, back alleys, ceilings, bathrooms; where customers do not go. Large cities, when they can get away with it, will actually outlaw the homeless and try to export them to other cities. With the exception of cell phones, car body style and the internet, I believe that most of the US is actually sitting on 80s level infrastructure.
The federal government will grow larger. Imagine more rules and regulations. The type of people working government jobs will be people who obey the rules to the letter – forget Oathkeeping dreams. Thus, any form of progress will be absent, except negative progress. There will be more informants working for the USG. Soon hospitals will be cooperating fully with ObamaCare.
America is a third world country TODAY. Not in 20 years, but now. It’s the same as saying Guatemala and Venezuela are third world – don’t fooled by the malls in Capital City. Ask the man on the street, Joe Sixpack, what he thinks.
I don’t wish to leave WNs unhappy and unmotivated. Nothing in life is all good or all bad; there are advantages to our situation. Relationships will become more important. WN is a way for you to find true lifetime friends. Work will go from being a purpose of living to a means to make money.
Your true life’s purpose has to do with areas where you are special and unique, irreplaceable. There’s not an employee in the world today who isn’t replaceable. To your employer, you are just a part in a machine, one of a thousand. To your family, friends, and other WNs, you’re a person with value. You’ll be remembered.
I encourage all WNs to find an area interesting to you and to make it your own. Become better than the experts; you can do it if you stick with it long enough. If you want to make a living off of it, fine. That’s not the point. Everyone needs a reason to live and something to be excited about. The rest – District 1 and their games, the media – is not real.
What they have in common is that none of them exist. They are all fantasies that appeal to human laziness and his desire of something for nothing. In all cases, the one in a million miracle cure comes in, solving all problems.
I’m going to be a grinder. I have resolved to eliminate what I can of VRW from my own philosophy. From now on, there’s only the work, the grind. Getting one day better, squeezing out the tiny advantages, winning the expected return. Matching my strengths against the enemy’s weakness.
I see alot of pessimism out there. That comes from helplessness. The first step to curing that is to become excellent at something useful to WN. Doing things successfully builds confidence. No one is above the process. You have to walk before you can run. People are looking at the top of the mountain before they started the journey. No wonder they are afraid.
Put yourself on the line. Make it personal. This is a long term project with no miracle cures. You WILL pay every cent and every minute of time for your wins. Hope and luck are not strategies.
Find ways to motivate yourself. You already know what needs to be done. Everyone here does. It’s not done all at once, it’s not done without practice.
I tremendous confidence in properly motivated WNs. I’d put any of them against the average cop or soldier any day of the week. But you’ve got to put in the work! You need to set yourself on fire; wanting it is not enough, you have to need it. No more bitching about what you can’t do; focus on what you CAN do.
Posted in Idiots, Learning, men's rights "activists", men's rights "movement", Nationalism, Strategy, Today's Brandons™, Whiners | 17 Comments »	
The “FEMA Camp” series of chicken coops I am going to discuss are designed primarily for the Cornish Rock Cross chicken breed, A.K.A. McMutant. Always keep in mind competing considerations vying for control over the design: time, cost, space, etc. The FEMA Camp series was designed to be cheap, constructed mostly out of spare materials.
FEMA Camp 1.0 is 8′ x 10′, with the actual coop being 4′ x 8′. The prison yard walls, so to speak, are covered with chicken wire. The wire is not really designed to keep critters out, but the McMutants in. The wire kept cats and dogs out, but there is no way it would keep raccoons out. The idea was that we would keep the McMutants concentrated and they could be watched throughout the day.
The coop itself is much more secure, being nearly completely enclosed by OSB, with small vents covered by hardware cloth. The floor of the coop is covered with hardware cloth, which should be difficult for critters to get through. There are no guarantees of security, though.
The roof of the coop and some of the yard are covered with OSB with rubber roofing on top. The roof was secured to the coop and the yard frame. There were no hinges on the coop side of the roof which made it difficult to access the coop. We sloped the roof the way we did so we could have easier access to the coop and yard doors. There is an exterior yard door which we designed because we thought it would be easy to grab the chickens we wanted to butcher as they left the coop in the morning, as well as an easy way to open the coop door. As it turned out, there was a flaw in the design. Sloping the roof the way we did allowed water to drip onto the McMutants whenever it rained. As it happened, there was a big storm shortly after we put the first batch in the coop and they were drenched. That problem can easily be solved by adding gutters or simply changing the slope. The direction of the slope is not too big of a deal though, as two iterations later we still have not changed it. If we were to build a new coop we probably would change the roof, but remember that changing one thing changes other things. At some point we will install hinges on the roof so we easily access the coop. By changing the roof, you would only be able to access half of the coop at one time unless you made other changes.
Fat as McMutants are, they can still be quick and slightly difficult to catch at times. Remember, they are still young at eight weeks, the prime of their lives. Bears and Sumo Wrestlers look like they would be slow, but it is all a matter of distance. Thankfully, we designed a large screen door over the yard of the FEMA Camp to allow easy access. We used the door a lot. We discovered it was far easier to lure the McMutants to their doom than try to grab them as they left the coop. By using the screen door we had far more control over which birds we wanted to despatch first. This matters because you may want to give runts a little more time (a couple days or so) to gain more weight. McMutants should weigh between 8 lbs. (female) and 12 lbs. (male). We had a lot of decent sized McMutants with this coop design.
The coop door did not work well at all, and there are two reasons for this. The first is that when we placed the McMutants in their new home, they were not used to it. Ideally you will keep your critters in their new home for a week or two before letting them outside so that they know where their home is. We did not do that with his batch, and so when they went outside they had to be herded back. It was very difficult to herd them into the coop because the door was not very wide, and opened to the left. Herding was a two man job. One man held the coop door open as filthy McMutant bodies pressed against it, as another man stood in the filthy yard and shoved the McMutants towards the door with a board. Herding took thirty minutes the first night, and dropped down to around ten minutes on subsequent nights. From the perspective time, this coop is a failure. You should not be spending this much time herding filth bags. The McMutants finally learned where their home was a day or two before they were butchered. Some McMutants still stayed outside, because chickens like to go to sleep at sunset, and the roof provided shade and a seemingly secure area for them to sleep.
This coop was designed to be a chicken tractor; that is, it would be moved fairly frequently. Unfortunately, because we had to scrimp, save, and scavenge, the coop was not really sturdy. We used few 2″ x 4’s, and ended up cutting those in half. The structure was rickety, but we were able to move it around.
We concentrated twenty McMutants in FEMA Camp 1.0, and I would not recommend concentrating more than that. We experienced no serious resistance. The McMutants became increasingly wary as the week of doom progressed, and some of them hid inside the coop, which meant we had to unscrew the roof to get them. Most of the McMutants were above their minimum weight targets, and the mortality rate was very low. Unfortunately, I lost the notebook with all the specific data.
(***I’m very pleased to let a guest writer, Spearo, join us today. He is a man who is thoroughly acquainted with economics and our financial system. Identity, organization, action.***)
For starters, I’m a conservative banker in the old German tradition and I simply have not succumbed to the capitalist-consumer hysteria that defines actors in the American debt economy. It’s not in my character or personality. I saw the crisis coming in 2004-2006 and made the necessary preparations. I have not over-extended myself. During the peak I was directly involved (in private banking and hedge funds) in lending to clients. Many of these guys were real estate rich, cash poor. They were overleveraged and yet insisted on taking out more loans/lines. The numbers at the time made sense. And the banks naturally were happy to accept the fees. But there was a lack of awareness of a downside, both on part of clients and banks. Most of them simply didn’t see it coming. ‘Short-termism’ is a chronic affliction of the modern financial class.
It is a peculiarity of modern people, and Americans in particular, to conceive of history as linear progression, i.e. tomorrow will always be better than today, an infinite upward-sloping line on the graph, which leads in most cases to poor (or non-existent) risk management. Whereas astute investors understand the ups-and-downs of the economic cycle and plan accordingly. This past summer, having waited a few years for housing prices to bottom out, I made some additional allocations to RE, which I will write about soon. In crisis, there is opportunity.
The so-called ‘fiscal cliff’ is something to be concerned about, surely. What this reveals, I think, is that the main risk of investing in the US today is “political risk”, which historically has applied to unstable banana republics in the third world. The American economy is in fairly good shape, and improving. The housing market is improving, too. It’s the political class that we should be concerned about.
I’m not into the ‘doomsday survivalism’ scene. Many of the guys involved in it come across as cranks and misfits, un-clubbable types who imagine themselves fighting a lonely ‘last stand’ battle out on the frontier. This is apathetic, indeed passive, behaviour. All they do is wait, wait, and wait. If WNs were TRULY concerned about collapse they would start networking in a serious way, forming cooperative guilds, neighbourhood self-defence units, charitable initiatives (a la Golden Dawn), resource collectives, etc. Our common protection and survival depend on identity, organisation, and action. I just don’t see WNs taking the steps to achieve it.
WNs *MUST* learn finance and economics if they are to present a reasonable plan that appeals to White elites and voters.

“ Rhett looked lazy and his voice had a silky, almost bored note.’All wars are sacred’ he said.’To those who have to fight them. If people who started wars didn’t make them sacred, who would be foolish enough to fight? But, no matter what rallying cries the orators give the idiots who fight, no matter what noble purposes they assign to wars, there is never but one reason for war. And that is money.’”

Going to the movies is great, but renting movies is cheaper and you won't get kicked out for texting.
Each week, Casa Video sends us a list of their 10 most rented DVDs for the week. Here are the winners for the week:
It's tough to trust music journalists these days. What once was, and occasionally still is, a legitimate and informative art form is now too often a suspect exercise in PR for the subjects the writer is covering. Those readers who care enough may find a writer out there that they trust, someone who seems to hit the mark of one's particular tastes and is therefore reliable. But you certainly can't trust just anyone. Does anyone remember when Rolling Stone awarded Mick Jagger's 2001 solo detour Goddess in the Doorway--if memory serves me--a whopping five stars? Anyone who heard it understood that it deserved about four stars less, and the review became just one more lesson in why other people's opinions--"pros," anyway--often don't matter.
But that's selling short those good writers out there that do their job well--the ones that can encapsulate why they love a band and why you probably will, too. Increasingly, writers in the traditional sources of information and opinion about music have lost credibility to bloggers, self-appointed online tastemakers who often have an advantage over the pros: Many of them do what they do--i.e., share their opinions--for little or no money, simply because they care enough about the music to want to spread the gospel of a hot-shit band they just caught at a local dive. (It helps that most of the high-profile bloggers seem to live in large cities that offer up innumerable musical experiences each day of the week, as well as better-than-average local scenes.)
But in the past nine months or so, the bloggers seem to have acquired an undeniable sense of power that stems from their ability to spot a (usually) good thing before anyone else has noticed. While sometimes these sites--including stereogum.com, largeheartedboy.com and fluxblog.org (not to mention online music mag Pitchfork, at pitchforkmedia.com, which has usurped pretty much every publication in the music nerd-influence department)--turn people on to bands that may be destined to at least reap a few promotional dollars from their label (Merge's the Arcade Fire being the most obvious example), often bloggers are credited with hyping bands that put out their own CDs and have no budget at all, bands that almost certainly would have fallen through the cracks otherwise.
Over the last few weeks, esteemed bloggers have locked on to two bands almost unanimously: New York's Clap Your Hands Say Yeah (who would likely be floundering in obscurity were it not for the blogosphere) and Anaheim's the Willowz, the latter of which at least has the advantage of releasing albums on the wee-but-mighty Sympathy for the Record Industry label, and will perform at Plush this week.
Reportedly, the band turned down a number of offers from the majors to go with Sympathy, which requires no contracts. The label first re-released the Willowz' debut album with bonus tracks, then two months later issued a new, 20-track album, Talk in Circles. Michel Gondry, one of the most inventive video directors out there (and the director of the visually stunning Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, whose soundtrack boasted two Willowz songs) liked the band enough to direct a music video for them--for free. And all this happened before singer/guitarist Richie James Follin, the oldest member of the group, turned 22.
As for the album itself, well, it's damn good. Imagine a slightly less riff-heavy version of the Tucson band The Red Switch, with vocals by a less-annoying incarnation of Daniel Smith (singer for Christian indie weirdos Danielson Famile), and that's a pretty good approximation of what to expect. Or, to be less arcane, they're a garage band that performs somewhat sloppy songs that feel like they could fall apart at any minute, and are influenced by the White Stripes, the Dickies and the Pixies. (They claim they were united by a love for the Zombies, the MC5 and old soul music.) For now, it's still safe to trust the bloggers, it seems.
Catch the Willowz on their way up the rock ladder when they take the middle slot of a show that begins at 9:30 p.m. on Saturday, July 2, with an opening set from electroshockbox and finishing up with headliners The Sweat Band. Plush is located at 340 E. Sixth St. Cover is a paltry $3. For more information, head to plushtucson.com or call 798-1298.
There's not much happening in the way of music on the Fourth of July proper (see below for a lone worthwhile option), so let us suggest a couple weekend options for those looking to get their flag-waving on.
The annual KIIM-FM Freedom Fest sets up at the Pima County Fairgrounds, 11300 S. Houghton Road, on Saturday, July 2. Gates for the country shindig open at 3 p.m., and this year's line-up features Sara Evans, Merle Haggard and his son Noel Haggard, Neal McCoy, Troy Olsen and Jaime O'Neal. Advance tickets are available at all Chuy's locations for $15 through July 1, and $25 thereafter. For further details, call 887-1000 or go to kiimfm.com.
If country ain't your thang, you may want to consider celebrating our nation's birth a bit early, on Friday, July 1 at Club Congress, 311 E. Congress St. The George Squier Orchestra--substituting after the Zsa Zsas had to cancel their annual Fourth of July Rocktoberfest--will headline, sharing the stage with the Fashionistas, Al Foul and Friends and electroshockbox. For cover, a starting time and any further information about this late-breaking event, call 622-8848 or peruse hotelcongress.com. FREAKOUT ON THE FOURTH
What better way to celebrate the Fourth than a dirty psychedelic rock 'n' roll freakout? According to the folks at Plush, 340 E. Sixth St., there isn't one. That's why they've booked a trio of bands that lend themselves well to exactly that, starting at 9:30 p.m. with Amsterdam drums/keyboards/vocals duo zZz, currently on their first American tour, in support of their recent album Sound of zZz (Howler). Merging punk chutzpah, hypnotic synth and organ grooves, and propulsive beats, they're rather enjoyable--as long as singer/drummer Bjorn Ottenheim's Jim Morrison-meets-Ian Curtis voice doesn't get in your way.
Ouija Radio occupies the middle slot, while Comets on Fire headline. The latter's Sub Pop debut Blue Cathedral (their third release) from last year was a slab of mindfuckery that sounded a bit like a post-punk Blue Cheer playing at top volume in an echo chamber. At the very least, it'll be interesting to see how they duplicate it live.

The lesson will focus on ordering common events by times, days, months, steps, or events. Students will work collaboratively in groups to organize five child-focused events, steps, or times. These titles, events, steps, days, and times will be cut apart so that students need to organize them into a logical sequence. Groups will rotate through the five events to practice daily schedules, holidays, school schedules, weekly events, and procedural texts. Groups may take a picture of completed events as a digital copy or the teacher may check each group for formative assessment.
12 ) Describe the connection between a series of historical events, scientific ideas or concepts, or steps in technical procedures in a text. [RI.2.3]
28 ) Recall information from experiences or gather information from provided sources to answer a question. [W.2.8]
2 ) Identify national historical figures and celebrations that exemplify fundamental democratic values, including equality, justice, and responsibility for the common good.
 Recognizing our country's founding fathers, including George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Patrick Henry, John Adams, John Hancock, and James Madison
 Recognizing historical female figures, including Abigail Adams, Dolley Madison, Harriet Tubman, and Harriet Beecher Stowe
 Describing the significance of national holidays, including the birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr.; Presidents' Day; Memorial Day; the Fourth of July; Veterans Day; and Thanksgiving Day
Identify national historic figures, including the founding fathers and other historic male and female American's, and relate them to the democratic values each exemplifies.
Describe national celebrations, including their significance and democratic values associated with each.
Vocabulary: democratic values, equality, justice, responsibility, common good, founding father, national holiday, American symbol, monument
Describe national holidays, including the significance of each and the democratic values associated with each.
Students will display the understanding of the connection between a series of events by choosing the titles of the events.
Document with events for each group: https://goo.gl/q3d6S2 (This is an editable document can be changed to meet your own schedules and needs.)
Prior to teaching this lesson, students need to understand basic calendar skills such as order of the days of the week, months of the years and holidays.
Students will also need to know how to use a basic piece of electronics like an Osmo (or another procedure with steps). Students also need to be able to order numbers from least to greatest.
TW-Display Standard SS3: Use various primary sources, including calendars and timelines, for reconstructing the past. Examples: historical letters, stories, interviews with elders, photographs, maps, artifacts. Unpack standard with students.
TW/SW-Analyze standard to write it in kid friendly terms. Ex: I can rebuild the past with a timeline. See attached picture.
2. TW tell students “Today we will be working with groups. You will be given a list of events. You will work with your group to put these events in order. “
3. TW show all the possible event titles. TW keep these titles at a common table for students to come get after they have put their designated event group in order.
4. TW tell students “Once your group has finished placing your events in order, you will need to discuss what these events or steps have in common. You will then pick out a title from this table to give a title to your sequence of events.”
5. TW divide students into five groups: Specials, Subjects, How to Use, Holidays, and Events in a Day. Four groups can be made if you eliminate the “How to Use_______” group.
6. SW rotate through all five groups. At each group, SW take a picture to record their answers using a camera, Explain Everything app, Seesaw app, etc.
SW find the timeline in their biography. The groups will discuss and answer these questions. https://goo.gl/WrzpbA TW observe students in groups and help where needed.
TW/SW show and discuss things they noticed about timelines: dates, years, pictures, facts, etc. with the group.
Formative Assessment: The teacher should informally assess students during the group activities and whole class discussions. Teacher should use timeline questions to assess understanding: https://goo.gl/WrzpbA. TW will use data collected from the day 1 session to see if students are understanding the sequence of events.
TW will use data collected from the day 2 session to see if students are understanding parts of a timeline: specific distance, dates, facts, pictures (in some cases), etc. TW use the timeline questions sheet and any notes made while observing students in groups during timeline task. TW also use exit ticket (https://goo.gl/EWJhqL)to discover objectives obtained during lesson and questions that are still remaining.
Students that need to expand on their understanding, can create a timeline featuring the famous Americans from the group according to their birthdates. They can create this digitally or on paper. This timeline can be shared with the group deepen understanding on the past as it is related to the featured famous Americans.
If there are students that require additional help with understanding number order (years in timeline), they should be pulled in a small group to practice number order with the teacher prior to the group activity.
While everyone gets used to what most of us saw (and wrote) all along and the Greek debt sooner or later gets restructured, the road ahead is pretty clear: we have to actually produce something! While the media and most of the population rolls over slowly, fat and lazy from so many years of a bloated public sector, someone has to go to Troy to fight. Much like the Greeks back then though:
1. We are naturally skeptical. When I first saw the press release about a Greek company in the Innovation Parc I automatically assumed it is yet another scam. So many years of seeing pseudo-business ventures makes a genuinely world standard effort hard to believe.
2. Most just don’t want to fight, quite happy in their own villages. Trying to talk a Greek brand name like Loumidis to turn himself into something with a proven success record like http://www.thegreekdeli.com/ is a task for …Ulysses’ cunning!
3. We get emotional and miss the point. Helen was probably not very happy in Sparta anyway. Who cares if Paris loved her? Business is business. I see this now while monitoring worldwide media regarding ouzo, one of those products that is considered so Greek it hurts. Like feta cheese, some people get too caught up in history to face the real enemy; anyone selling our history better than us!
Much like Achilles, modern Greeks have a decision to make: They can stay home and die poor and unknown, or they can venture forth to try and conquer the world like their ship faring ancestors have always done in the past. It is written that Achilles beat the main force and landed with his handful of faithful warriors to take on the entire Trojan defenses before anyone else. They could hardly keep him in the ship as it approached the well defended shore. His enthusiasm for battle and immortality was impossible to hold back.


Property Location With a stay at Makarim Ajyad Makkah Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Mecca, walking distance from Abraj Al Bait...
With a stay at Makkah Clock Royal Tower - A Fairmont Hotel, you'll be centrally located in Mecca, steps from Abraj Al Bait Towers and...
Property Location Located in Mecca, Dar Al Eiman Royal Hotel is minutes from Abraj Al Bait Towers and Masjid al-Haram. This 5-star hotel...
Hilton Suites Makkah is in the heart of Mecca, walking distance from King Fahad Gate and Masjid al-Haram. This 5-star hotel is within...

Living a healthy life is sometimes not easy, but can be achieve with the right attitude and some useful information.
On Ring the bells of peace we will help you find the right information to change your life from a life full of processed food to more healthier food choices.
What I do on Ring The Bells Of Peace is write informative articles about natural health related subjects, but the angle is to look at alternative options.
Reason to write about alternative health is due to the fact that many times you read that the side effects of medicine causes more harm than the benefits do us good
It is my believe that nature can provide us with almost all the things we need. From meat to fruit and vegetables, they all contain vitamins and minerals we need on a daily basis if we use them as they were meant to be and not altered with antibiotics, GMO and other harmful and unhealthy substances.
If you look at the menu options at the top you can find articles related to many subjects. Some of them informative and some of them advise on certain health products. Never will I advise health products for you I would not use myself.
“Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food” is what Hippocrates wrote and he is considered the founder of the modern medicine.
Most doctors, when they get their education, do not follow any lectures on nutrition although that is where it all starts.
We do not give any medical advise or claim that the products and healing methods will make you better. Always consult your doctor before trying something new.
Bone broth is nothing new and have been used for centuries. Your mother or grandmother or maybe even you have made bone broth. Letting the meat and bones simmer for hours till is was done and come up with what people also call a nice stock. It is time consuming and it is so much easier to buy it ready made from the store. Those however do not have the same benefits as home made from quality meat.
There is however a revival in the use of it since all the old benefits are brought to the attention and openly supported by several celebrities.
The amazing nutritious values of bone broth is gaining back popularity and that is why I will dig a little deeper in how to make it and how you can use it to stay or improve your health.
There are some people who call bone broth natures multi vitamins because it contains multiple chemical compound and minerals that most of the time we do not get enough in our diet.
More than 19 essential and non-essential amino acids. Amino acids are the building blocks for protein.
Collagen and Gelatin that helps us with forming the connective tissue and help us growing strong nails and hair.
You can find the answer already in the name. By simmering animal bones for a couple of hours they will release all the nutrients in the bones, the marrow and the cartilage. By adding veggies, spices and herbs we can enhance the flavor and even add more value to the broth.
TIP! It is advised to add a dash of vinegar to the water. This will help the process of drawing nutrients from the bones.
Most animal bones can be used and it does not matter if they are cooked or raw. You can use Beef, lamb, wild game, poultry, chicken, turkey and even fish bones for your bone broth.
You only need to realize that every type of bone needs its own time to simmer. A fish bone for example only needs a few hours, but a broth made of beef bones need to simmer for close to 48 hours. Each bone type needs this to draw all the beneficial nutrients out of them. I have seen recipes that they used a crock pot or slow cooker for it and that seems to work pretty easy.
The best meat to use is of course meat from an organic farm. The large commercial farmed animals that receive antibiotics and hormones are obviously not the best choice.
There are several beneficial nutrients that we can get from the bones and will be collected in the bone broth.
Glycosaminoglycans. They support the production of collagen and elastin. Both are very good for the skin, nails and hair. They also support the digestive system by helping to restore the lining of our intestines. Some Glycosaminoglycans are hyaluronic acid, chondroitin sulfate and glucosamine.
Glucosamine will help you keep your bones strong and will keep you mobility up by improving the cartilage. Cartilage is that substance found in the cushion that keeps you from bones hitting each other.
Hyaluronic acid is great for keeping your tissue healthy and this includes the rejuvenation of cells. It will also help you skin stay firmer. This is one of the main ingredients in some of the major anti-aging skin products. It is just that when it is the bone broth it works from the inside out.
Chondroitin sulfate will in combination with glucosamine keep your joint healthy. It also showed in studies that it support your cardiovascular health and is great for you skin, and bones. It all helps you maintain your cholesterol levels.
Electrolytes and minerals are both found in bone broth and they include potassium, magnesium, calcium and minerals like phosphorus. All of them are important for supporting many processes in your body like the functionality of your nerve signaling, circulation and digestive health
Collagen is found in the quality bone broths and it has some major important functions. One of the things is forming the connective tissues that makes it easier for you to move. Protecting your gastrointestinal trace by lining it is another very important aspect of having it in your bone broth.
Like I mentioned earlier it is a very good source of many amino acids and many of them we can only get in our system through food.
Since bone broth is extremely high in nutrients and proteins and is very good for all of us it might be very beneficial for healing or supporting medical treatments. It is mentioned that cancer patients who undergo treatments like surgery and chemo therapy or radiation need more calories and protein for healing to recover from these treatments.
TIP! Bone broth is fairly ease to drink, to digest and soothing and it is also easy to add to food. Many people who recover could benefit from.
You can just sip it or use it as a soup base and add all kind other healing and cancer fighting ingredients lie organic veggies, ginger, turmeric and more. You can very easy add herbs to enhance the flavor.
A healthy gut is an essential part of staying healthy. One of the main effects of bone broth is that it support your immune system by helping your gut staying in good health.
Some other benefits of bone broth is that it can improve your sleep, give you more energy and since you feel better also improve your mood. We all have to look at our body as one holistic system that all connects to each other.
This is not really a recipe but more tips on how to start with making bone broth at home in slow cooker.
If you have bones left from a chicken dinner, or beef roast or even fish. Stick them in a freezer bag in the freezer till you have enough to make a batch.
Just remember that organic bones are the best. All the others have hormones and anti-antibiotics in them and that is something we do not want in it of course.
Put all the meat in the crock-pot and turn it on. You should add a little apple cider vinegar to help dissolve the minerals even better. You can add veggies, herbs and spices the way you like it to enhance the flavor and the taste.
Cover it and let it cook on low for about 24 hours. After this you strain it and you have a chicken bone broth.
Most bone broth can be kept refrigerated for about a couple of weeks. In the freezer it will stay good for about 6 months or even longer. I use mason jars and fill them not to the top and they go in the freezer marked and labeled with a date on it so I know to do the FIFA. First on in first one out.
Have you got experience with making bone broth or would like to share a recipe or tip? Feel free to leave a comment or contact me to write an article here on https://ringthebellsofpeace.com.
I have been reading this (for lack of a better word) series from Byron Wien for many years. I remain unsure if The Smartest Man in Europe actually exists or if it is a clever ruse that allows Wien to say things at arm’s length that perhaps he would not be able to if he had to sign at the bottom (and initial here, here . . . and here).
Even if The Smartest Man in Europe is a mere literary device, it works well. I find the insights to be atypical, though I sometimes disagree with swaths of it. Regardless of whether or not this is a fictional person, it works well as a piece of commentary.
The piece is quite long, and you should definitely head over to Barron’s to read it in its entirety. However, I am becoming increasingly interested in the contrarian idea of a European recovery.
investors hate Europe, and that has me licking my lips. We have exposure through a few ETFs and Global allocation models — and as of June 1, we now have a 15.44% exposure to Europe — and that might tick higher eventually.
“Everyone thinks Europe is hopeless and I can understand why. The European Union is a flawed concept and it may not survive in the long run. There needs to be much more convergence, both economic (which is possible) and political (which is impossible), but a major change in attitude has taken place this year. Until recently the policy makers believed that increasing taxes and reducing spending was the way for the weaker countries to solve their deficit problems, but that was clearly the wrong idea. From a political point of view the austerity approach was impossible because the people in these places wouldn’t accept what their governments were trying to impose on them. Punishing the people for past economic mistakes also made no practical sense. Europe was in a recession and the austerity policies were only going to make conditions worse. Unemployment was becoming a serious social problem and job creation had to be a priority. As we moved into this year the policy makers, even Angela Merkel, began to understand that austerity was the wrong course and that restoring growth had to be an objective.
“Europe is in a kind of equilibrium now which is likely to be sustained by the expansive monetary policy of the European Central Bank. This should continue at least until the German elections in September, resulting in a definitive pullback from austerity. Merkel can only win if she moves away from her hard-line policy stance. Conditions are continuing to improve in Italy even though Mario Monti is no longer in charge. The unions still have too much power in France. François Hollande is beginning to realize that he must restore business confidence by introducing policies that take a positive view of growth. Germany will have to be tolerant of larger budget deficits in Spain, France and Italy.
“In the meantime most investors have reduced their European exposure. Who would want to invest in a place where a recession was underway and likely to get worse? Money managers had been so preoccupied with that idea that they failed to recognize the pullback from austerity which could lead to the restoration of growth. During the last few years European companies, like their American counterparts, have become vastly more efficient. Unemployment in Europe is 12% and part of the reason it is so high is that companies are getting the work done with fewer employees, so profits should improve considerably on any increase in revenues. Stocks are priced assuming conditions will get worse and I see them getting better – not everywhere and not in every sector, but if you are a careful stock picker you can make money.
“The most important factor is that almost no investor likes Europe now and that enhances the opportunity. Two years ago everyone was worried that the European Union was going to break apart. That was never going to happen over the near term because everyone had too much to lose, especially Germany, which has been the biggest beneficiary. Now most people realize Europe is going to muddle through at least for a while, but few people are buying European stocks to take advantage of this conclusion.”
Good stuff, regardless of whether its from the Smartest Man in Europe, or just a clever old codger here in the United States . . .

My name is David and I am a fully qualified Maths teacher and private tutor based in Rugby, Warwickshire.
I am available to tutor GCSE and A-level Maths (including Further Maths) in Rugby, Coventry, Nuneaton, Lutterworth and the surrounding areas. Tuition can happen in tutees' houses or my own depending upon the tutee's preference.
Please take a moment to explore my website to find out more about me and what I have to offer as a maths tutor.
Reach more customers with paid web directory where you can find more resources about Educators Directory

episode 01 episode 02 episode 03 episode 04 episode 05 episode 06 episode 07 episode 08 episode 09 episode 10 episode 11 episode 12

Cierra has five dogs, including a 16-year-old Shih Tzu and an 8-year-old dog with joint pain. She uses EASE to treat joint pain and REMEDY to treat the inoperable tumor.



“No, she could not turn to Gerald’s or Ellen famillies. The O’Haras did not take charity. The O’Haras looked after their own. Her burdens were her own and burdens were for shoulders strong enough to bear them.”

Studio Samuel students created a short film which tells the story of challenges faced along #HerPath when born into poverty. Their message to girls everywhere? An educated girl will change her world. Stay connected as we follow these graduates’ stories.
Ani is a journalist who was charged by her diary to write an article about Ezra dead during an attack. For doing this, she organized an appointment with Lily, the sister of the deceased, in a pub. While she was waiting for her in the bar, she will make an unexpected meeting that will not leave her indifferent.
Compliance digitally mastered.We transform complex regulations into easy-to-use digital compliance rules. #RegTech #LegalTech
Official Twitter of Freedom Mortgage Corp. NMLS#2767. We are a full-service lender specializing in VA, FHA, and conventional; purchase and refinance loans.
Alltech's natural animal nutrition and health products are reducing environmental impact, replacing traditional additives, and making producers more competitive.
Virbhadra Singh DA case: Delhi Court adjourns matter of taking cognizance of charge-sheet till 24 April (Date of hearing changed by Court)
Pro-IS channels continue to mourn Mughees as second IS "martyr" in India-held Kashmir. This poster from a pro-IS Urdu channel is doing the rounds.
Our Missions in Japan, Philippines and China on the job, says Indian Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson
Jammu and Kashmir: 25 people injured after a bus carrying them overturned at Katra in Reasi district; injured admitted to hospital
Photo: Militants barged inside branch of Jammu and Kashmir Bank in Shopian's Ratnipora and decamped with cash
Madhya Pradesh: Bhopal police arrested two businessmen for Hawala transactions, seized Indian rupees 80 lakh in cash
West Bengal: Police ASI Amitavo Mallick lost his life in clashes between Police and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) supporters in Darjeeling's Takvar
Four member team of CBI visits Kolkata Municipal Corporation in connection with Narada sting operation case
Shopian (J&K): Militants barged inside branch of Jammu and Kashmir Bank in Ratnipora and decamped with cash
Farmer deaths due to pesticides: Death toll rises to 34: 20 in Yavatmal, 7 in Nagpur, 6 in Akola and 1 in Amravati
J&K: Cordon and search op launched by security forces in Pastuna forest area of Pulwama's Tral, after gunshots were heard in the vicinity
West Bengal: Clashes erupt between Police and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) supporter in Darjeeling's Takvar
Naubatpur, Patna: Man accused of rape attempt and inserting iron rod in a woman's private parts has been arrested
Naubatpur, Patna: 35-year-old woman dead after 22-year-old man inserted an iron rod in her private parts following failed rape attempt,last night
West Bengal: An explosion occurred outside a hotel in Siliguri's Pradhan Nagar; 2 injured. Police at the spot
Aligarh: Woman and her daughter died in explosion while making crackers at their house in Harduaganj, last night; other family members injured
Rajasthan: Late last night, a miscreant fired 3 rounds outside BJP MLA Rajkumari Jatav's house in Hindaun. No injuries, Police at the spot
Kerala: A vehicle hit labourers who were working near Muttom Metro Yard in Kochi; 3 dead, 1 under treatment
Pakistan wants to push militants this side but they are being given a befitting reply by our forces. So it is being desparate: J&K Deputy Chief Minister on violated ceasefire by Pakkistan in Poonch's Krishna Ghati sector
Celebration outside Mumbai Regional Congress Committee office. Congress has won 69 out of 81 seats so far.
5 Indian fishermen, belonging to Rameswaram, arrested by Sri Lankan navy this morning, sent for police remand till 25 Oct by Mannar Court
In most developed nations, the bond market is often several multiples larger than the equity market. The same cannot be said about the India’s corporate bond market, as it is still underdeveloped and therefore unable to meaningfully share the credit burden of the banking system. To ease the funding strains non-bank lenders face and to enhance the Indian bond market, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to allow the banks to provide partial credit enhancement (PCE) to bonds issued by systemically important non-deposit taking non-banking financial companies (NBFC-ND-SIs) registered with the RBI and housing finance companies (HFCs) registered with National Housing Bank, according to the RBI’s notification dated 2 November 2018. The objective behind the same is to offer added comfort to the investors and therefore leading to a possible enhancement in the credit rating of the bonds issued by the NBFCs/ HFCs. This move could provide some liquidity to the cash-starved NBFCs and HFCs in the wake of the IL&FS crisis.
Following the IL&FS crisis, the RBI has time and again prompted banks to assist NBFCs to recover from the cash crunch and this move is yet another support in the same direction. In the three months from October 2018, NBFCs and HFCs together are up against redemption pressure of Rs 1.20 lakh crore due to maturing financial instruments. The RBI has allowed banks to use government securities as level 1 high-quality liquid assets equivalent to the bank’s incremental lending to NBFCs and HFCs. The apex bank has also allowed banks to lend up to 15% of their capital funds to a single non-infra funding NBFC from the earlier 10%. The reason why RBI is taking numerous precautions is because corporate bonds issued by NBFCs comprise 70% of the corporate bond market in India. It is in this context that the RBI’s latest move gains significance.
PCE is a mechanism through which a bond issuer attempts to improve its debt or creditworthiness by organising an additional comfort for the lender. It provides the bond purchaser reassurance that the borrower will honour its repayment through additional collateral, insurance, or a third party guarantee. With the facility, the RBI has laid down the following conditions:
Bonds backed by PCE of banks shall only be used for refinancing. For this, banks shall introduce appropriate mechanisms to monitor and ensure that the end-use condition is met;
Exposure to bonds issued by PCE should be restricted to 1 per cent of the bank’s capital funds within the extant single/group borrower exposure limits; and
The exposure of banks by way of PCEs shall be within the aggregate PCE exposure limit of 20 per cent of its Tier 1 capital.
All other conditions stipulated in the circular DBR.BP.BC.No.40/21.04.142/2015-16 dated 24 September 2015 and subsequent circulars on partial credit enhancement to corporate bonds shall apply in the same manner to PCEs to bonds issued by NBFC-ND-SIs/HFCs.
Since the cascading impact of the IL&FS defaults, sentiments have been hit and investors are wary of subscribing to bonds issued by the NBFC sector. Prospects for partial credit enhancement for retail or SME funding for NBFCs can be somewhat better than the infrastructure sector, which did not take off, as an underlying NBFC’s credit can improve size, increase equity and demonstrate management capabilities. Unlike the infrastructure sector, NBFCs are heavily regulated in terms of adequate capital requirements. Hence, they are in a better position to pay the obligations accruing to the bonds. The CRAR requirements will give investors additional hope to receive the remaining 80% of the bonds not backed by banks.
Once banks extend PCE to the bonds, there remains a strong likelihood of enhancement in the bonds’ credit rating, enabling the companies to access funds from the bond market on better terms. The decision could have a strong signalling impact and be particularly beneficial for the smaller NBFCs who are rated around BBB and could have up to two or three notches higher in ratings.
The provision may also be more helpful for retail NBFCs with granular portfolios rather than those in corporate lending with concentrated portfolios as the diversification effect mitigates some of the risk. The result of this move may enthuse long-term providers of funds such as insurance and pension/ provident funds and others to invest in bonds backed by PCE.
The aftermath of the IL&FS crisis and a potential risk of a system breakdown due to asset-liability mismatches has forced the RBI to shift its gear to come up with progressive changes. With multiple undertakings by the central bank, be it open market operations or monetary policy changes, it has infused liquidity into the system. With the gargantuan amount of financial instruments nearing maturity, the PCE move by RBI is to ensure that the banking, financial services and insurance sectors do not relapse into crisis. The incoming liquidity will help the financial sector stabilize and bring investors back to the capital markets after few months of high volatility.
Economic Survey 2018: Note ban, GST led to ‘substantial increase’ in new taxpayers | The Indian Express
Taxpayers under the new tax regime have increased by 50 per cent; 18 lakh new I-T filers since Nov 2016.
The Survey has also combined numbers from EPFO and ESIC with GST data to show that India’s formal sector, especially formal, non-farm payroll, is greater than what is currently believed.
Demonetisation and implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST) have resulted in “a substantial increase” in the number of new taxpayers in the country, Economic Survey for 2017-18 said. While the taxpayers under the new GST regime have increased by 50 per cent or 3.4 million, there has been an addition of about 18 lakh individual income tax filers since November 2016, the month of demonetisation announcement.
The Survey has also combined numbers from EPFO and ESIC with GST data to show that India’s formal sector, especially formal, non-farm payroll, is greater than what is currently believed. The Survey stated that formality defined in terms of social security provisions like EPFO/ESIC has shown the formal sector payroll to be about 31 percent of the non-agricultural workforce, while on being defined in terms of being part of the GST net, the formal sector payroll share has been found to be 53 per cent. It added that out of the total estimated 71 million non-agriculture enterprises, around 13 percent are registered in GST.
From a social security perspective, formal non-farm payroll is estimated at about 7.5 crores, or 31 per cent of the non-agricultural workforce. This estimate includes government non-farm payroll (center and states), which is roughly estimated at 1.5 crore (excluding defence personnel), the Survey said. From a tax definition, the formal non-farm payroll is estimated at 12.7 million, implying that nearly 53 percent of the non-agricultural workforce (240 million) is in the formal sector.
Only about 0.6 percent of firms, which account for 38 per cent of total turnover, 87 per cent of exports, and 63 per cent of GST liability are in the “hard core” formal sector in the sense of being both in the tax and social security net. 87 percent of firms, representing 21 per cent of total turnover, are purely informal, outside both the tax and social security nets, the Survey stated.
Around 12 percent of firms, accounting for 41 percent of turnover, 13 percent of exports, and 37 percent of tax liabilities are in the tax net but not the social security net. Less than 0.1 percent of firms accounting for about 14 percent of turnover are in the social security net but not in the GST net, consisting of mostly firms that are in GST-exempt sectors such as education, health, electricity, the Survey said.
For the rise in individual income taxpayers since demonetisation, the Survey said the average income of new filers was close to the income tax threshold of Rs 2.5 lakh, limiting the early revenue impact, but “the revenue dividends should increase robustly”, as income growth over time pushes many of the new tax filers over the threshold.
Detailing the number of registrants under GST, the Survey said that bulk of transactions are business-to-business (B2B) and exports, accounting for 30-34 per cent of the total turnover, while business-to-consumer (B2C) transactions account for only 17 percent of the total turnover. The Survey, authored by a team led by Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian, also said that the new registrants under GST regime have shown voluntary compliance. More than 54.3 per cent of those eligible to register under the composition scheme have chosen instead to be regular filers under GST, it said.
States of Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Gujarat have seen the highest number of GST registrants, with Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal having recorded “large increases in the number of tax registrants compared to the old tax regime”, the Survey said. It also said that the data suggests fairness and balance in GST outcomes as the topmost states in GST revenues are perfectly correlated with their share in overall Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP), allaying the pre-GST fears of major producing states that the switch to a destination and consumption-based tax would transfer the tax base toward consuming states. Under the GST regime, Maharashtra accounts for 16 per cent of the GST base, followed by Tamil Nadu with 10 per cent, Karnataka at 9 per cent, Uttar Pradesh at 7 per cent and Gujarat at 6 per cent.
The survey, however, highlighted that low level of tax collections by the local governments in rural areas are posing a challenge in reconciling fiscal federalism and accountability, adding that the direct tax collections by Indian states and other local governments such as property tax, land revenue are significantly lower than their counterparts in other federal countries. Panchayats received 95 per cent of their revenues from the devolved funds from the Centre/State while generating only 5 per cent from own resources, it said.
Though direct taxes account for about 70 per cent of total taxes in Europe, in India the figure is around 35 per cent. “Unlike in other countries, reliance on direct taxes in India seems to be declining, a trend that will be reinforced if the GST proves to be a buoyant source of revenue,” the Survey said. The Survey said that in India the states generate very low share of about 6 per cent of their revenue from direct taxes while the figure is 19 per cent in Brazil and 44 per cent in Germany. In the third tier, rural local governments in India generate only 6 per cent of revenues from own resources compared to 40 per cent in Brazil and Germany. Meanwhile, urban local governments in India are much closer to international norms, collecting 18 per cent of total revenues from direct taxes compared to 19 per cent in Brazil and 26 per cent in Germany. Further, urban local governments in India generate 44 per cent of their total revenue from own sources.
GSAT-29 launch successful: ISRO takes another step closer to country's first manned mission18 mins ago

Pink Pueblo's personalized Superhero Boy rubber stamp is a great gift for kids! You get to choose the name, hairstyle and superhero accessories for your child to make the stamp as personalized as possible. The stamp art is original art by Devon (that's me!) at the studio of Pink Pueblo. All stamps are hand made and hand packaged in my studio prior to shipment.
Please enter the text to be included on the stamp in the Message to Seller section exactly as you want the text to appear on the completed stamp. Please also enter the Hairstyle of choice and Accessories of choice (see preview images) in the Message to Seller section (for example: 'straight, short hair with pointed mask, heart headband and first initial on shirt). You'll receive an emailed digital proof of your stamp within 24 hours of purchase. Inkpads are not automatically included with your stamp purchase; if you want to include a inkpad please select your color and ink type above.

Great person is one who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
What I must do is all that concerns me, not what the people think. This rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. It is the harder, because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it. It is easy in the world to live after the world’s opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great person is one who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
Truth does not struggle against ignorance, and love does not attack fear. What needs no protection does not defend itself. Defense is of your making
The miracle of the holy instant lies in your willingness to let it be what it is. And in your willingness for this lies also your acceptance of yourself as you were meant to be.
You merely ask the question. The answer is given. Seek not to answer it, but merely receive the answer as it is given. In preparing for the holy instant, do not attempt to make yourself holy to be ready to receive it. That is but to confuse your role with God’s. Atonement cannot come to those who think that they must first atone, but only to those who offer it nothing more than simple willingness to make way for it. Purification is of God alone and therefore for you.
Vega is funded by the Mellon Foundation, designed and developed by Bengler under the direction of West Virginia University, Oslo School of Architecture and Design, and Wayne State University Libraries.
Vega provides publishers and authors with the means to produce high quality academic publications that make use of rich media, source data, video, and interactive experiences.
Vega offers flexible editorial and production workflows with real-time collaboration for authors, editors and reviewers.
Vega is completely customizable in workflows and presentation to suit the needs of individual publishers.
Vega is open source with a permissive license and will be available for free download as well as hosted options for academic publishers worldwide.
The primary purpose of Vega is to promote open-access scholarship, so in that spirit, we like to make our grant narratives public as well. Here is the original grant narrative we submitted to the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation for the project (née EditMe).
Think about your current helmet; now imagine it lighter, with a more comfortable fit system, better ventilation, an additional (optional) aeroshell and improved side impact protection. That is what the Lazer Z1 offers.
Building on a long tradition of innovation, Lazer decided to combine all elements of a high performance helmet and push each feature as far as possible. It is the lightest helmet Lazer ever made without sacrificing style, safety or comfort. Styling wise it has the looks of a contemporary high performance road helmet with an integrated wing on the top of the helmet.
Additionally the MIPS system adds an additional safety aspect by introducing a low friction layer into the helmet. This layer can move relative to the helmet helping to absorb the rotational forces in case of a crash. This does not interfere with the existing protective capabilities of the helmet, it just adds to them.
There are currently 0 plays in Jimmy Boyd's MLB Daily sports picks package which includes the following games:

Community members gather to discuss Alexandria's health priorities | Alexandria Times | Alexandria, VA
Alexandria community members met to examine results from a recent citywide health survey at George Washington Middle School on Nov. 3.
Attendees discussed the many factors affecting health in Alexandria, such as housing, education and transportation. Community members also talked about how health issues differ across neighborhoods in Alexandria.
The citywide health survey was conducted from early September through Oct. 28 and had invited participants to identify strengths, health issues and opportunities for improvement in Alexandria. More than 1,600 community members had submitted responses.
The Nov. 3 meeting is part of a larger project facilitated by the Alexandria Health Department alongside regional and local partners to identify key health priorities in Alexandria.

Property Location With a stay at Makarim Umm Alqura Hotel in Mecca, you'll be convenient to Abraj Al Bait Towers and King Fahad Gate....
The Makkah Grand Coral Hotel has a choice of 4 restaurants offering Middle Eastern snacks and specialties as well as international a la...
Le Meridien Makkah is in the heart of Mecca, walking distance from Masjid al-Haram and Well of Zamzam. This 5-star hotel is within close...
Enjoy your stay in Mecca. Make your visit to Mecca an unforgettable experience by staying in the hotel you deserve. Still don´t know where to stay? At Destinia we offer you a wide variety of hotels in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, so you can choose the one that´s right for you, depending on your expectations and your budget. There are numerous hotels in Mecca that are ideal for a business trip, a family holiday, a weekend getaway or an outing with friends in Mecca. No matter the reason for your trip, at Destinia, you´ll find the greatest variety of hotels and hostels, always at the best prices, guaranteed. Are you looking for a deluxe hotel in Mecca city centre with a spa, Internet access or a pool? Perhaps a hotel that accepts pets or that has a child-care centre? We have that, too. Why not give our hotel finder a try? It´s quick, simple and the most effective way to find the best lodging in this part of Saudi Arabia. Whether you need a single-occupancy room, double-occupancy room or even a suite, with Destinia´s search engine, you´ll always find the best deals, so all you´ll have to worry about is packing your bags and enjoying your trip to Mecca.


These were made in the USA by PAIA, and also provided as a kit in the late 1970's to early 1980's when modular machines were in fashion. This percussion synth is modular in that you can house up to four 5700 drum modules.
Each voice is an independent analog synth with waveform select, pitch, envelope control, noise amount and filter control. Also, each voice is removable and can be replaced with other similarly sized modules in the PAIA 5700P housing.

car is a showstopper and you get so much attention its sometimes too much, the driving experience is fantastic and fun, easy to maintain . has dual port heads 1600 mm jugs updated ignition ,holly carb, new battery and brakes. maintained and in great condition . pics i think show its condition and quality
eBay Silverstone Motors | 2007 Shelby GT 866-426-4480 Engine Size 4.6L V8 SOHC 24V Transmission Type 4 Speed Automatic Body Style Coupe Exterior Color White Interior Color Black Miles 29,245 VIN 1ZVHT82H075313751 Stock 100523 Description THIS CAR IS PHYSICALLY LOCATED IN NORTH ANDOVER, MA *What we have here is a stunning, 2007 Shelby GT with 29,500 actual miles on the odometer. Overall, this car is spectacular and hardly driven since she left the factory. She is finished in White with a Silver Hood Stripe and this is complemented by a Black leather interior. Overall this car is in exceptional condition.
This 2007 Shelby GT delivers 319 horsepower and is powered by its Ford 4.6L, 3-valve engine; this is coupled to her 4 Speed automatic transmission. She offers AC, Cruise Control, a 6 CD in dash Changer (Shaker System) and a leather interior. The owner has no time to drive all the cars he owns so is moving to a smaller collection. This car is priced to move and to provide you the best deal on a car of this caliber.
This is a car for the true car guy - she is an original, low miles example of the Shelby GT in excellent condition.
My name is Paul please call me direct with any questions - my cell phone is always with me at (978) 771-8375 or you can email me anytime at paul@silverstonemotorcars.com
I promise you will enjoy your experience at Silverstone Motorcars. We'll gladly deliver this vehicle to your doorstep.
Photos About Silverstone Motorcars was formed to facilitate the purchase, sale and export of vehicles from private sellers and collections. From modern sports cars to vintage exotics and classic sporting cars, Silverstone Motorcars offers our clients access to a truly unique selection of vehicles.
Insider access to cars and collections not publicly available from the US and Europe with our Buyer's Broker service. Consigned and Brokered sales of cars and collections. Confidentially buy or sell your vehicle with us. Store your car for the season or the year through our sister company, The Silverstone Club. We are a no pressure company that facilitates the buying and selling of amazing vehicles. Whether you're looking to add to your collection or trying to find that one-of-a-kind toy,
Warranty Service contracts available for vehicles up to 20 years old with up to 150,000 miles. Please visit our main website for details.
All customers are responsible for registering the vehicle in their home state and paying any applicable taxes and fees associated with a given sales transaction.
Any state and local taxes, title, registration, and documentary fees are the responsibility of the buyer. All sales transactions must be completed within 7 days of auction close.
We require a $500 deposit immediately after winning the auction. Please call the dealership to make arrangements for payment.
Customers with zero or negative feedback on eBay Motors please contact us prior to bidding. Otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel your bid. Understand this is only to protect the integrity of the auction. Winning bidder must contact the dealership within 24 hours of the auction close and the purchase transaction completed within 7 calendar days. We reserve the right to re-list or sell the vehicle in the event of a non-paying bidder.
A representative from our dealership can be available for pickup at area airports when necessary. Buyers must schedule pickup prior to making travel arrangements.
Transport Silverstone Motorcars is happy to assist you in transporting your new purchse to your location of choice. We work with only the very best transporters who we know we can trust with your vehicle. For service options, rates and prices, or additional information, please contact us at 866.426.4480

For a limited time, buy one Beauty Wallet & get one complementary Eyeshadow Individual from any collection.
BENEFITS: Provides vibrant and high pigmented color. Use dry for subtle shading and dampened for an intense color look. This versatile formula offers endless possibilities of color and contour. Suited for all skin tones.
This Spacious Hout Bay Three Bedroom Self Catering Villa family home is an upmarket fully furnished and equipped villa in secure area. It is 865 sqm which has lovely Mountain Views which is a few kilometers to the shops and the beach. The large entrance hall leads to the living area which has a flat screen TV & DStv installed, it is fully secure with an alarm.
The main living area leads to a large undercover entertainment area with pool table and BBQ facilities. It is on the same level as the garden & pool. Fully equipped kitchen & scullery with washing Machine, tumble dryer & dishwasher. The kitchen is open plan with the living area. There is plenty of outdoor furniture and there is a large parking area for 2-3 vehicles.
All guest bedrooms are situated upstairs, the main en-suite has a full bathroom with a queen sized bed. The second bedroom has a double bed and the third bedroom can fit 2-3 single beds. The second and third bedroom share the family bathroom with a shower and bath. There is a cleaning service included twice a week. Sleeps 7-8 people(depending on age)
Thank you for considering this Spacious Hout Bay Three Bedroom Self Catering Villa for your stay in Cape Town. Book with Us for the Lowest Rates available online.

Canonical has been working on the Mir display server for some time, although most of their efforts have been made towards the mobile platform. They are now looking to optimize it for desktop use and nothing reflects the progress made more than a famous game running on Mir.
Mir is already working on the desktop, but users need to have the open source video drivers in order to make it work. Canonical has recently built a new flavor called Ubuntu Next which features Unity 8 and the Mir display server. The new desktop environment needs Mir, so it stands to reason that the updated DE will arrive for regular users when Mir is also ready. It’s not there yet, but it’s taking great strides.
The security researchers from Cybellum have found a new technique that can be used by the cybercriminals to hijack your computer by injecting malicious code. This new Zero-Day attack can be used to take full control over all the major antivirus software. Instead of hiding from the antivirus, this attack takes control of the antivirus itself.
Called DoubleAgent, this attack makes use of a 15-year-old legitimate feature of Windows (read vulnerability)–that’s why it can’t be patched. It affects all versions of Microsoft Windows. Cybellum blog mentions that this flaw is still unpatched by most antivirus vendors. Cybellum has also tested the attack and reported it to all major antivirus vendors. But, so far only Malwarebytes and AVG have issued a patch. Trend Micro is planning to push a release in upcoming weeks.
Those of you yearning for the experience of running a 1990s-vintage graphics workstation are about to have a good day: a developer named Eric Masson has resurrected the IRIX Interactive Desktop that shipped on Silicon Graphics Workstations and now offers it as a Linux desktop alternative.
Silicon Graphics (SGI) had a crack at the workstation business in the early 1990s, when it dominated the then-rather-limited world of computer graphics and decided it would try to parlay that experience into the CAD and desktop publishing markets. Apple’s early Macintoshes led those market, but their 68xxx CPUs had obvious limits. SGI threw MIPS silicon at the problem, brought IRIX out of servers onto the desktop and cooked up a nice windowing system to match the Mac and hit the market.
SGI did okay for a while but proprietary workstations became an oddity once Windows came along and Microsoft encouraged makers of graphics-centric apps to bring their wares to Win32. SGI added a Wintel workstation line, but then had to compete with PCs-at-scale outfits like Compaq and Dell. The company kept making MIPS-powered workstation well into the 2000s, but eventually succumbed.
Masson has tried to bring back some of that heritage in the form of the Maxx Interactive Desktop, which aims to offer “an evolution of SGI’s IRIX Interactive Desktop.”
The new release is designed to run with 64-bit Fedora 25, but the effort’s Facebook page features a few success stories on other Linuxes, and support for other distributions is on Masson’s to-do list.
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in Charlotte North Carolina; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10 lasers…
When you need event lasers in and around Florida, FullColorLaser.com is your place! FullColorLasers.com provides event lasers for occasions of all types in Tampa, Orlando, Miami, the rest of Florida, and beyond. Our event lasers are the best way to add more energy to your club, concert, DJ event, festival, or any other show at…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in Tallahassee Florida; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. Your event is not too big or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10…
Fullcolorlasers.com is dedicated to bringing incredible laser light shows to events all around the country. We have the best quality event lasers in the business, and our trained technicians have been performing laser light shows for years. It’s no wonder why Fullcolorlasers.com has been trusted to play in front of more than 20,000 people at…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in San Jose California ; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in San Francisco California ; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10…
Are you looking to market your venue for future San Deigo events? Do you need to draw people for a special event at your California venue? Event lasers are an excellent way to draw people to an event and to get people to return to your place for future events. FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in San Antonio Texas ; we will design a visual experience that will captivate and energize your audience. Our high power event lasers will fill your venue with lasers, display logos and messages, and will do just about whatever you can imagine. Let our trained technicians know what you want and…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in Sacramento California ; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10 lasers…
FullColorLasers.com offers event lasers in Phoenix Arizona ; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique event laser experience for your concert. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10 lasers…
FullColorLasers.com offers laser light shows in Fort Worth Texas; we work with you from start to finish creating a truly unique laser light show experience for your event. No event too large or too small, FullColorLasers.com offers tailored shows for clubs, concerts, festivals, private and corporate events. Whether you’re in need of 1 laser or 10 lasers we have you covered.
FullColorLasers.com also offers laser billboards in Fort Worth Texas. What is a Laser Billboard you ask? Image your logo or message projected in laser on the side of a build or even a large landscape that could be seen for miles.
Our Laser Light Shows and Laser Billboards will truly make your brand or event stand out from the rest!
Our event lasers are good for any venue. Whether it is a stadium, outdoor area, or nightclub, our event lasers can provide an exceptional experience wherever they are located. Make your guests remember your event and want to come back in the future. Entertain them with high definition images and bright laser light shows. Everyone loves event lasers, and they are a great way to get people to remember the night that they came to your event. It’s perfect for opening night at a new venue, concerts, special promotions, weddings, proms, the possibilities are endless. Have Full Color Lasers put on a laser light show for you today!
LUMINIST is our remarkable custom material that combines the translucence of glass with exceptional impact and heat-resistantce. These qualities enable us to craft bathtubs and sinks that are not only supremely durable, but which can also be lit from below, opening up possibilities for a range of subtle, ambient atmospheres.
Maintains a constant water temperature despite fluctuating water supply temperatures and pressure levels

Would you like ramen, chasoba or udon? Maybe rice sticks or mung bean noodles? What about colorful Italian pasta with squid ink? Discover our best recipes!
Christy and Wendy help Jill clean out her closet, which turns out to be a bigger job than expected, and Bonnie, Marjorie and Tammy take up a new hobby, on MOM, Thursday, Nov. 8 (9:01-9:30 PM, … Christy and Wendy help Jill clean out her closet, which turns out to be a bigger job than expected, and Bonnie, Marjorie and Tammy take up a new hobby, on MOM, Thursday, Nov. 8 (9:01-9:30 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network.
Augmented intelligence is an alternative definition of artificial intelligence that focuses on AI’s helpful role, emphasizing that it is designed to “enhance human intelligence” rather than replace it.
The word augmented, which means “to improve,” reinforces the role human intelligence plays when using machine learning and deep learning algorithms to discover relationships and solve problems.
Some industry experts believe that the term artificial intelligence is too closely linked to many of the unrealistic fears about artificial intelligence and improbable expectations about how it will change the workplace and life in general. Although artificial intelligence has its pros and cons, the idea of
using computer information to help humans make better-informed decisions is nearly universally accepted.
Researchers and marketers hope the term augmented intelligence, which has a more neutral connotation, will help people understand that AI will simply improve products and services, not replace the humans that use them. While a sophisticated AI program is certainly capable of making a decision after analyzing patterns in large data sets, that decision is only as good as the information and data points that human beings gave the programming to use.
IBM, which has invested heavily in artificial intelligence with the Watson cognitive system, has embraced the label augmented intelligence and has also suggested the term intelligence augmentation (IA), not only to emphasize the supportive role of the technology but also to avoid confusion caused by using AI as an abbreviation. Other alternative lingo includes “machine-augmented intelligence” and “cognitive augmentation”.
With the advances in computing power and the ability of machine learning, computers have the ability to make more sophisticated recommendations to humans. In most cases, humans need to make the final judgment and decisions but augmented intelligence gives them the tools hopefully to make better-advised decisions.
For solid servers and networking gear, contact our team at CCNY Tech. We can get you a proposal to expand your IT infrastructure and make Augmented Intelligence a real value for you and your company.
CCNY Tech is a systems integrator with over 30 years experience in the technology sector. Whether you need upgraded hardware, legacy parts, managed services, or end-of-life recycling of hardware, CCNY Tech has the solution to fulfill your technology requirements.
September: Welcome to another exciting school year! We have so much to learn this year! So far this year, students have learned about different parts of the computer, how to turn on and off their computer properly, as well as how to care for their computer.
October: Students have explored some of the features of the keyboard, as well as some early keyboarding skills. They have learned about symmetry using a very popular website called weavesilk.com/
We also spent some time checking out some great fire safety websites as an extension of fire safety month.
Jack Ma is the founder of China’s largest e-commerce group Alibaba. Although Alibaba started off as an e-commerce company, it has since expanded to offer other services like payments and cloud computing.
In the video below, Jack speaks about his personal story, how he built Alibaba, and Alibaba’s future plans. What particularly caught my attention was Jack’s perspective on being rejected. He was rejected by Harvard 10 times, Kentucky Fried Chicken in an application process where 23 of 24 candidates were accepted, and his local police department which accepted the 4 other applicants while rejecting only Jack.
He mentions that even at its current large size and negotiating power, Alibaba is still often rejected. This is a strong reminder that you need to want something to be successful, but the more you want, the more likely you are to be rejected. So success and rejection come hand in hand.


what is a window sash with picture large replacement small curtains books,maintenance tips window a c unit energy efficiency green living large picture blinds curtains rustic treatments,big picture window curtains what is a large curtain ideas layout definition,picture window curtains photos shop print on demand faux illusion posters page 1 of bay ideas,window to heaven picture blinds shades vertical wood,picture window books address living room curtains artist miller view of paradise windows that open,picture window with blinds inside books windows replacement diy,picture window layout definition kitchen treatments how to install a replacement one project closer jcpenney curtains,front picture window ideas big blinds wood surface bonded home construction wall openings,picture window shade ideas of bay curtains vertical blinds amazing on a how to hang my beside.
Unfortunately, these photos cannot be added, as you already have items in your basket from a photoshoot that will be batch shipped to another establishment. However, you can purchase these photos by placing a second order.	

One night a father sent his kid to bed. Five minutes later the boy screamed, “Dad! Can you get me a glass of water!?!”

Vivien is an excellent model for sport related work as she is a cheerleader and gymnast. She enjoys all forms of modeling and has a wide range of different looks.[ View Full Profile ]
Vivien is an excellent model for sport related work as she is a cheerleader and gymnast. She enjoys all forms of modeling and has a wide range of different looks.
Nursing is an exciting field. Many would be nurses entertain the idea of going into critical care nursing. The first thing that the potential nurse must do however is to pass the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST, THE N.E.T., THE TEAS-ATT OR THE HESI. These exams are crucial to get entrance into any nursing school program. So one of the first things that a potential nursing student must do is to prepare. It is good to learn about nursing as much as possible. Studying for the NURSE ENTRANCE TEST will help prepare the students critical thinking skills as well as test their knowledge of anatomy and physiology, biology, chemistry and English Grammar. Students can feel assured that they are studying the right materials when using the online program at the Nurses Learning Center.
Critical care nurse practitioners, or Acute Care Nurse Practitioners(ACNPs) help assess and manage acutely ill patients with the physicians supervision. Within the inpatient/hospital setting and across hospital-to-clinic settings, including the emergency department, intensive care unit, specialty labs, acute care wards, specialty clinics or any combination of the above, critical care nurse practitioners are vital in assisting patients to improved health. ACNPs diagnose and treat medical conditions, and some ACNPs provide direct patient management from admission to discharge in collaboration with the physician and other health care team members. They are not yet allowed in the state of Michigan to operate as an independent practitioner. Nurse Practitioners still must have a physician who is oversees and monitors their work, such a writing prescriptions and assessing patients. Many ACNPs have a good working relationship with the physicians. In most cases an agreement between the physician and the nurse practitioner is entered into so as to facilitate the job description and duties of the nurse practitioner. Generally, the doctor knows the ACNP and places their trust in their judgment. Nurse Practitioners in critical care have a masters level education with a specialization in trauma or emergency care from an accredited institution of higher learning. ACNPs also may continue to follow the patient into the outpatient setting to ensure successful transition after discharge and complete resolution of transition needs. The nations complex health care system is becoming increasingly focused on the care of the acute or critically ill patient, and acute care nurse practitioners are becoming a critical component of successful health care today.
To learn more about how to first prepare for a career in nursing, by first passing the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST, just go to the Nurses Learning Center. The author Nancy Kimmel has written The N.E.T. Study Guide, and has has tutored many students to success as nurses. An Registered Nurse in the State of Michigan, Professor Kimmel continues to be an educator and now has her own school.
Being a nurse is a wonderful career. You are a helper and a caregiver. Your first step before embarking on this wonderful career is to first pass THE NURSING ENTRANCE TEST. This is the test of all tests that decide whether or not you will get into nursing school. This means that even though you may hold a 4.0 GPA, if you don’t pass THE NURSING ENTRANCE TEST, then you won’t get into nursing school and become the acute care nurse that you want to be.
There are several steps that you must go through before you can pass THE NURSING ENTRANCE TEST. The first step is to ascertain which NURSING ENTRANCE TEST is being offered at the nursing school which you are planning to attend. The tests that are usually offered include one of the following, either the N.E.T., THE HESI, or the TEAS-ATT. It is not enough that you pass these tests, but you must pass with a sufficiently high enough score to be able to gain entrance into nursing school by being placed on the waiting list. The one thing that is so hard for students today, is to think that they will have to wait up to 5 years to gain entry into the nursing program. If it means that you have to have a high score, then begin studying today at the nurses learning center All of the information that you will need to pass the NURSING ENTRANCE TESTS is contained in this online testing site. Here the student can feel confident that when they read about becoming an acute care nurse, that their dreams have a solid foundation of coming to reality.
The author of this online software program is the author of The NET Study Guide in Michigan, is an Registered Nurse and has her own school.
Acute care nurses provide care for patients suffering from acute conditions including heart attacks, respiratory distress syndrome, or shock. These types of patients must be monitored very closely with vital signs checked every fifteen to thirty minutes. This is why nurses in critical or acute care only have two to three patients at the most. Patients in acute care are centrally located near the nurses station so that at a moments notice all staff can assist in an emergency situation. Normally there is always a physician present. The physician is able to write orders as the condition of the patient changes from moment to moment, thereby saving precious time from nurses having to call or page a doctor. Acute care nursing is not for every nurse. The job entails quick decision making, and a thorough knowledge of physiology and experienced nursing skills. There is also a very high stress level emotionally. Dealing with the grief of family members can become very draining to nurses as well as doctors. While the majority of patients are able to leave acute care and go to medical surgical floors or step down units, however, there are those that do not survive. It is the acute care nurse who is usually the first person that the family sees when they arrive. The acute care nurses are special people, and many say that they love what they do. They also care for pre- and post- operative patients, and may perform advanced, invasive diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. They may serve as administrators, case managers, patient and staff educators, policy makers, and researchers in this field. Acute care nurses can administer in emergency rooms, operating rooms, walk in clinics, doctor’s offices, critical care units or in community based environments.
Licensed Practical Nurses are very much in demand in lieu of Americas nursing shortage. Becoming a LPN/LVN or Licensed Practical or Vocational Nurse usually requires a one year course of study from a vocational school or junior college. Even the LPN/LDN or the LVN must take an entrance test prior to gaining entry into the nursing program. The NET Study Guide will help the student prepare for their test. The NET Study Guide, written by Nancy Kimmel RN, PhD incorporates that same type of critical thinking that is needed in the nursing field. The student who studies the online tests and tutorials will make great strides not only in their scores on the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST, but in nursing school as well. The online software contains over 1300 questions and answers in the form of online tests and tutorial pages. The student can study day or night, and has unlimited access to the software without any expiration date. Not only is it important to have a good understanding about the type of nursing program that the student wishes to attend, but the student must also have a thorough understanding of the preparation needed for the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST. The LPN/LVN usually work under the supervision of a physician or RN and usually has more advanced skills than the nursing assistant but can perform less tasks than a registered nurse can. Again, most people who become a LPN/LVN are gaining the experience and knowledge that is necessary to become a Registered Nurse and may use this during future studies. The program for becoming a Licensed Practical Nurse or Licensed Vocational Nurse is approximately one year or less. Financial aid is available for this training program as well as many other sources of funding. Licensed Vocational Nurses/LPN’s make only a few dollars less than Registered Nurses. Read more »
Wouldn’t it be great if students could sit for the NURSING ENTRANCE EXAM in the privacy of their home? Well you can, almost that is. With the online tutorial testing program at the Nurses Learning Center, students can take tests that are similar in content to the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST., the HESI and the TEAS-ATT.When those of us contemplate going to nursing school via a community college or a university, our minds become flooded with questions, such as: “Which school should I attend? What type of degree am I going to obtain?; Am I eligible for financial aide; How expensive will it be.” These questions require answers. Or maybe you have a degree but need to brush up on some skills to keep competitive. An nursing education degree online may be the perfect solution for today’s busy lifestyle, but the individual must first realize that they have to take the NURSING ENTRANCE TEST. Many colleges are starting online accredited nursing degree programs. These courses are often equivalent to on-campus classes. They offer tailored instruction where you can go at your own pace and go to clinicals in your own work place. The first thing and most foremost in all of the prospective nursing school students immediate future is how to study and pass The NURSES ENTRANCE TEST.
Taking a similar test suchs as the NET, The HESI and the TEAS-ATT at the Nurses Learning Center helps the student to score high on their initial test. Using a computer may seem like an easy task to many, but in fact, there are a lot of people that do not know how to maneuver around a computer. Which is why practicing on a computer by taking similar tests to the content of the N.E.T. is such a crucial step in the student passing the first time. The pre-nursing student has a lot on their plate each semester that they get closer to gaining entry into the nursing program. They are bombarded with many questions about their future classes that need to be answered. It is important for the student to speak with the Dean of the Nursing Program to get help as well as to ascertain exactly which of the NURSING ENTRANCE TESTS they should be preparing.
Learning where to go, who to speak with and what papers to fill out can be an education in itself. Take your time and shop around for the nursing school, college or university that best meets your needs. Compare prices and course descriptions.
Can you study at your own pace? “NOT in the initial Nursing Program, but perhaps in the prerequisites.
The pre-nursing student has much to think over and decide, while at the same time they must prepare for the NURSING ENTRANCE EXAM
Sometimes life’s circumstances dictate more toward the degree that would best suit us rather than what we actually want. For people headed into the nursing program, at lot of life can happen between the time that they begin to take their pre nursing classes to the time that they get into nursing school. To begin earning a nursing degree requires an extensive blueprint. Read more »
The following passage is an article regarding Attention Deficite Disorder and Attention Deficite Hyperactive Disorder. Try to read the passage in ten minutes and attempt to answer the questions afterward. Practing reading comprehension examples can be obtained at the Nurses Learning Center. Many students find that the reading comprehension section of the N.E.T. is the most challenging tests of them all. Perhaps the reason for this is due in part to the use of required knowledge of the nursing process and as it relates to critical thinking. Students who have previously taken anatomy and physiology should be familiar with the type of critical thinking needed to pass such tests. At the Nurses Learning Center, students have access to over 1300 questions, tests, tutorials and explained answers. Try your best while reading the passage not to go back over the text. Read it once and that’s it. The look at the questions that follow and try to recall exactly what the author was really trying to say.
Millions of children throughout the United States are being treated for ADHD. Is this a syndrome that has always been with us or is this a fairly new phenomenon over the past twenty or thirty years. The medication is usually readily prescribed by Physicians when approached by anxious parents concerned about their child’s behavior. To what extent do we know how the medications that are prescribed for ADHD affect our children? NEW YORK (Reuters) – Richard Scruggs, the lawyer who led the settlement between U.S. states and the tobacco industry in 1998, called the lawsuits against the makers of hyperactivity disorder drug Ritalin the country’s “next class-action battleground.’ Read more »
Posted in nursing entrance test reading comprehension, the net reading comprehension | No Comments »
Thanks again Anglo. Yes I did find that site previously, a good source of info! Just to correct what I said before, the Pioneer 620 is not exactly the same as the Danarm DDA110 but is very similar, the grips and covers are slightly different and according to that site the carb is too. I'll post pictures up when I get a chance to take some. Joe, yours is missing a small rectangular metal plate on the hand protecting bar, you can just about see the welds on yours where it was fitted.
Hi all, I've just acquired the same model Danarm which was my fathers and last used well over 10 years ago. Thanks to info on here (thanks Anglo Traction) and elsewhere I've rebuilt the carb and fuel system (it was left with some fuel in which ate the fuel pipe), tinkered with the ignition and recoil starter and now it fires up and works a treat! Just wanted to say for parts the DDA 110 is exactly the same model as the slightly earlier Canadian Pioneer 620 (not S620). I guess Danarm imported them and badged them as their own. Carb rebuild kit needed for this model is Tillotson RK-114HL. I'm planning on stripping it down and repainting it but I've a couple of others of my fathers I need to sort out first. If anyone has any photos of a DDA110 (not to be confused with the later 110 Manual and Automatic) showing all the original stickers etc. that would be appreciated as most of mine have gone. Anyway thanks again for the info, it helped me for sure!
Although some of airlines allow sending your pets via airline cargo service but IATA, the International Air Transport Association, has defined its own policies for traveling with or sending the animals by air. For example the airline will not accept alive animals as checked baggage during extreme weather conditions, without health certificate, without appropriate container size and some of other reasons. IATA provides complete information about traveling by air with your live pets. Focusing on the safety, welfare and health of pets IATA has facilitated us, the pet lovers on their website in Pet Corner briefly. All airlines have to follow these policies for safe traveling.
Live Animals Regulations (LAR) defines the worldwide standards for transpiration of live animals. IATA facilitates the cargo agents, airline cargo handlers and operation managers so that they can handle the live animals with care and humanely.
I grew up in the shadow of Mt. San Jacinto. The landmark is embedded in my essence. I am delighted that here at our new home I can see the mountain from my front yard. Most of the rotating pictures you see in this blog’s header are taken from that spot (the downtown Hemet photo being a notable exception).
When we decided to buy a house in Hemet, it was not a given that I would have that view from my front yard. In fact, our street is on an incline, and as I walk down the street the montain disappears from view.
My Great Aunt Miriam’s quote of the old Indian saying is at the top of this blog: “Once you’ve lived in the shadow of Mt. San Jacinto you are bound to return.” She had a great fondness for the mountain. When she and my Uncle Johnny returned to Hemet from Northern California she was delighted to show me the view of Mt. San Jacinto that she had from the window of her breakfast nook.
The mountain was sacred to the Cahuilla Indians, and I am grateful be living once again in its shadow.

The Rock finally broke the curse of Rochester Saturday night, winning there for the first time ever in the regular season. (Of course, Rock fans will not hesitate to tell you that the team actually has won in Rochester once, the one time being the 2003 Championship game.) The final score was 12-9 Rock, but the game wasn’t really as close as that score may indicate. Twice the Rock had 6-goal leads, and were pretty much in control for the entire game. The first quarter was all Rock, and it started to look like it might be a pretty one-sided game. But starting in the second, and especially continuing in the third, the Rochester defense really picked up their game, and Matt Vinc made some very nice saves. Once again the story of the game was game MVP Bob Watson who was simply stellar, making 53 saves.
The Knighthawks have been an enigma to me for years. You look at a team with people like John Grant, Shawn Williams, Shawn and Scott Evans, Cory Bomberry, Gary Gait, Mike Accursi, and Craig Point, and backstopped by Pat O’Toole, and yet some nights they look like an expansion team consisting entirely of cast-offs from all the other teams. In 2007 everything came together and they won the Championship, including a sixteen game winning streak that continued into the 2008 season, but then they’ve missed the playoffs two of the past three years. I think they’ve seriously underperformed during that time, and losing Grant (and Bomberry) will not help, even if Cody Jamieson is the real deal. And he looked like the real deal last night, scoring three and adding three helpers.
TSN announcers: Yes, there are a lot of new faces in Rochester this season, and yes, Mike Hasen is in his first year as coach, but listing Hasen as one of the new faces in Rochester is patently wrong.
Kasey Beirnes’ goal in the first was called off but it was actually good – his foot didn’t land in the crease until after the ball was in the net. Of course, I had the advantage of watching the game on PVR, so I rewound and advanced in slow motion.
TSN’s play of the game was Doyle’s second goal – a backhand and underhand shot that found the top corner. I can’t decide if it was a beautiful shot or a really ugly shot, but it counts either way.
After two games, I don’t see a difference in faceoffs. Other than when a player (namely Geoff Snider) simply grabs the ball, it still seems random which team ends up with the ball. The two players involved mash their sticks together and one of them wins out and pushes the ball behind him – but there are players from both teams behind him, so it’s essentially random which one ends up with the ball.
Congrats to Shawn Williams who reached 900 career points and Bob Watson who reached 6000 career saves.
Some pretty exiting Rock players have worn number 93: Kim Squire back in the early 2000’s, then captain Chris Driscoll, and now rookie Aaron Pascas, who scored two last week and another two tonight.
Two strange stats: for the second straight game the Rock didn’t allow a goal in the third period, and there was only one penalty in the game – an Illegal Substitution penalty against Rochester at the end of the third.
Stephan Leblanc’s streak of scoring in every NLL game he’s ever played in continued with a hattrick. That’s 21 straight games with a goal to start his career. The announcers mentioned this streak but strangely, there was no mention of what the league record is. Maybe nobody knows. Or maybe Gary Gait holds the record of something like 84 games and Leblanc is so far away from breaking it that mentioning it wasn’t worth it.
Each off-season for the past four or five I’ve wondered about the Rock’s goaltender situation in the next season, and the phrase “Whipper isn’t getting any younger” always seems to come up. But during the season, that phrase never comes up at all. Watson is arguably the greatest goalie in the history of the NLL, and despite being 40 years old, is still one of the best in the league. Watson recently became a police officer in Kitchener-Waterloo, and because of the new career, he didn’t even decide whether he would play this year until shortly before the season began. Given that, it’s probably safe to assume that this will be his last season, which is a huge blow to the Rock. Watson has been one of the top goalies in the league for the entire existence of the franchise, so the end of the Watson era in Toronto will be bigger than the end of the Bartley era or even the Veltman era. I only hope that if Watson does decide to retire after this season, he announces it before the end of the season as Veltman did so that he can also be given the goodbye he deserves. I have confidence in both of the backup goalies, Campbell and Nash, but as backups. Neither has been a regular starting goalie in the NLL for a few years, so I’m not sure how confident I will be next year if the Rock go with Nash and Campbell as their goalies.

Wadsworth once expressed, “Very well. I know who did it. And furthermore I’m going to tell you how it was all done.” That will be how this podcast attempts to wrap up so many of the problems many of us are enduring via social media and bash culture.
First I start with more celebratory tales of continual audio drama creation. 18 “Braving The Waters” completion, the rough draft fun with 19 “Happy Hour In Hell”, as well as potential scenes for episode 20. More “Bewitched” characters coming into this show as well as more Gomez Addams. The importance of the grassroots team and how it works.
Welcoming new listeners and pen pals for being incredibly helpful. One particular social media platform showing its time-wasting aspects. (One platform I will not name. Sorry if this is confusing but I don’t want to advertise it by saying which one.) Discussing how wonderful and important pen pals are.
More about the Barnabas/Maggie fans and their large recent growth. Offers of creating better online spaces for us. The huge mess of trying to use a social network to inquire if a podcast for the marriage novel would be of interest. How discussion for the novel is necessary and fun, as well as a recent review.
Focusing on chat for Season Two in The Pit. A few theories in the trouble for talking about episodes since the beginning. (Avoiding the topic? I might have figured out why it happened.) Explanation of how bash-culture grew from proliferation of very advanced technology being made too easy. (Saramonster, MST3K, and DS Annotations lovers? This is for you!) Apologies to overseas listeners for Yankees obsession with scandal, I hope this helps!
This entry was tagged Addams Family, barnabas/maggie, bewitched, clue the movie, creativity, Dark Shadows, letter writing, pen pals, podcast, social media, the ghost and mrs muir.
Note to self: It doesn’t look like Bewitched witches use crystal balls. Not that I can’t use them for other characters, but I shall proceed with caution on this topic.

Scrapebox is the most famous SEO tool for boost your SEO ranking. This software is a black hat tool but of course it depend how you do use it. In fact, you can generated a lot of website links related to your keywords then mass spam others competitor website with your url. Scrapebox contain a lot of features, you can use proxies for scrap, generate a lot of websites related to your niche, see the page rank of every website link, use the auto comment poster for spam others websites etc… This tool is very useful for a lot of webmaster for create very relevant backlinks, boost the SEO and the page rank and have a lot of traffics with the search engine that’s why I sharing with you the full version of Scrapebox. This is a pre cracked version, just launch “ScrapeBox_Patched” executable for having the crack version.
Tags: scrapebox 1.15 cracked.rar password, scrapebox 1.15.17 crack, scrapebox 1.15.28 crack, scrapebox 1.15.44 crack, scrapebox 1.15.44 cracked, scrapebox 1.15.60 crack, scrapebox 1.15.69 crack, scrapebox crack 1.15, scrapebox crack 2012, scrapebox crack download, scrapebox cracked, scrapebox cracked 1.15, scrapebox cracked 2011, scrapebox cracked 2012, scrapebox cracked 2012 download, scrapebox cracked 2013, scrapebox cracked by seodude, scrapebox cracked by seodude download, scrapebox cracked by seodude password, scrapebox cracked by seodude serial, scrapebox cracked by wolf, scrapebox cracked download, scrapebox cracked download free, scrapebox cracked full, scrapebox cracked july 2012, scrapebox cracked october 2012, scrapebox cracked working, scrapebox full crack download, scrapebox v.1.15.31 + cracked 2012
I have made a concerted effort to engage CAPR in the fish and habitat culvert issue which I have researched and raised. I have taken on the Feds, the State and the County. I was hoping that at the very least, you would send out the following message to the CAPR announce list.
CAPR's stated goals and objectives are to protect private property rights. The only real danger to the loss of property rights is to mostly rural landowners, who are having to bear almost the entire burden of environmental protection, including the restoration of fish habitat. The culvert ruling by the Feds yesterday has wide implications to the property rights of rural landowners as to their right of use and who gets to pay.
To date, I have had no response from any CAPR board member or the President on this issue. I can't be the lone voice in this matter. Nevertheless, I am having an impact. Dunn and Lambert are looking into the issue.
I ask that you join me in bringing more pressure on the authorities and getting more people involved. We will die as a movement if we can't get more people to participate in restoring constitutional principles and defending constitutional property rights.
As you may know, we have been studying the issue of fish and habitat culverts in King County for over a year now, filed PDA requests and have written an article about it. These culverts are for salmon and fish preservation and are being paid for by rural landowners, when in fact they should be funded by state or federal dollars. I wrote the following article and thought it would be germane to CAPR folks as well, since many on the list are directly affected. We have included a couple of pictures in an attached WORD file of actual installed culverts. We have made specific requests to the County Council and the Washington State legislature to change the funding mechanism. We will be forwarding the article to the County Executive, the Council, the entire Washington State Legislature, our NARLO e-mail list and the news media.
About 34 years ago, your government, via the U. S. Congress, passed the Endangered Species Act (ESA). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endangered_Species_Act. It has been one of the worst and most expensive examples of government's abject failure in trying to "tweak" mother nature. Over 1,300 species have been listed as endangered and only about 10 show any signs of recovery. Meanwhile, huge volumes of your taxes (billions) have been wasted on this program and severe, probably irreparable damage, has been done to what are left of constitutionally protected property rights.
Then in the year 2001, the U. S. Congress passed the Pacific Salmon Recovery Act (PSRA) (HR 1157) which provided federal funds to five states, Washington, Oregon, California, Alaska and Idaho, that prepare and submit a salmon recovery plan for their state. Washington was already working on their plan in 1999. Salmon is one of those supposedly endangered species and yet when hatchery salmon are counted, salmon are far from endangered. Pacific Salmon recovery is all wrapped up in several federal and state agencies, the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act (CWA) of 1977 (see http://www.epa.gov/r5water/cwa.htm). All of these acts, laws, rules and regulations reach very deep into private property and most folks haven't a clue just how deep. You don't own your rural land any more because the government has confiscated all of your rights through such laws as the ESA, the CWA and PSRA, GMA's, CAO's, WRIA's, and such agencies like the EPA, the BLM, the USDFW, the DOE, the DNR, the SDFW and on, and on, and on. It is such a mish-mash of overlapping agencies and inter-jurisdictional responsibilities, it would take on all the characteristics of a ball of razor wire if you tried to untangle it.
But what is little known is who gets to pay and who loses. It is abundantly evident that the private rural landowner loses, big time. But what the private rural landowner doesn't know is that he also gets to pay for much of salmon recovery in actual taxes and reduced use of his property, while the city folk get off virtually scot-free. We have uncovered cases in King County, Washington, which we believe extend into every other rural area of all Washington State counties and probably throughout the five western states involved in the Pacific Salmon Recovery program.
Pursuant to the ESA, the CWA and the PSRA, the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife (SDFW) has mandated that all Washington counties replacing culverts under county roads must replace them with a very expensive fish and habitat culvert, without providing state money for the cost. Most streams, creeks and rivulets are clogged and choked on private land anyway, so the expensive culverts under county roads do no good at all. Expensive "window dressing" at best.
The cost for each of these culverts range from $50,000 to over $2,000,000. Many of these small streams and rivulets dry up in the summer and couldn't support a silverfish, much less a spawning salmon. So under a Public Disclosure Act request we obtained documents for 14 such fish and habitat culvert projects in King County to determine who pays, their cost and their contribution to actual fish preservation. It turns out that there are over 40 such fish and habitat projects in King County alone that have been or are planned to be installed in the next few years. We added up over $8,000,000 in actual and estimated costs for just 14 these projects, paid for by the rural landowner road levy tax. On top of this is the extended inconvenience to rural landowners due to road closures. Some rural roads have been closed for the entire summer, requiring lengthy detours.
No matter what law or act mandates the preservation of salmon habitat, the preservation is purely for a public purpose. So why should the rural landowner be forced to pay out of their taxes for what is clearly a cost that should be born by every citizen of the United States, or at the very least, the state of Washington?
Attached is a WORD file showing pictures of two such projects on a rural road in Eastern King County, near the town of Fall City, about 25 miles East of Seattle, Washington. A brief description of the project is shown to the right of each picture.
All across Western America, these kinds of preservation and conservation projects are unnecessarily sucking up taxpayer dollars for a fish that is supposedly endangered. But not only is it not endangered, it is heavily fished by commercial fisherman out in the ocean and by native Americans who install nets across rivers to catch 50% of the northwest spawning salmon. (The Boldt decision) If these fish are endangered, then why are we harvesting them in the first place? Why do native Americans get 50% of the catch? Why don't we shut off the fishery for four years and quit eating salmon, so that the species will recover? Why indeed! It would be cheaper in the long run to buy all the commercial fishing boats from their owners and all the nets from the Indians.
But most importantly, why are rural landowners, who already are under a vicious attack by government from every possible environmental angle, also being asked to bear the cost of salmon recovery by having to pay for these very expensive fish and habitat culverts?
TO THE KING COUNTY COUNCIL: We respectfully request that King County demand re-payment from state and federal budgets to cover the cost of these fish and habitat culverts and remove their cost from the unincorporated road levy tax. The road levy tax should only be used for road maintenance, including the cost of standard culvert replacement, where needed. It is patently unfair that the rural landowner not only has to bear the entire brunt of unconstitutional environmental land use regulations, but gets to pay for all this environmental fish protection with our tax dollars, while the city-folk get off virtually scot-free.
TO THE WASHINGTON STATE LEGISLATURE: Further, we respectfully request that the Washington State Legislature address this issue and pass legislation requiring the state to pick up the tab for fish and habitat culverts. The current system of requiring rural landowners to pay for them is patently unfair, inequitable and a violation of the equal protection clause of the United States Constitution.
Freedom Confectionery will be exhibiting at this years NOPE Show at London's Excel exhibition centre on Sunday 22nd & Monday 23rd April. We would like to see you there and for you to taste our fabulous gelatine free marshmallows. The Freedom team will be available to answer any questions you may have.
Sad news last week that the Just V Show Glasgow was cancelled due to the bad weather which hit the country. Freedom was so much looking forward to visiting Glasgow and seeing new and old friends, with this in mind we will be putting a cancelled show offer out there for all show visitors who were looking forward to attending. Please look out on the website and our social media pages.
Adventure through the lands as a shadowless warrior on a quest ot defeat the Queen of Shadows. Collect a health potion. It will be consumed automatically when your health drops to zero. Most treasure chests are locked so you will need to brush up on your lock picking skills and pick the locks. Also you can try your luck and spin the slots wheel at the camp to win items.
On the rocky path to sobriety after a life-changing accident, John Callahan discovers the healing power of art, willing his injured hands into drawing hilarious, often controversial cartoons, which bring him a new lease on life.
The Color of Time is based on Pulitzer prize-winning poet CK Williams' collection of the same name. The film blends together adaptations of 11 of ...
A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the immensely talented yet doomed songstress. We see her from her teen years, where she already showed ...
In 1970s Belfast, Terri Hooley is an idealistic rocker who finds himself caught in the middle of Northern Ireland's bitter Troubles. Seeing a parallel in ...
The Lady in the Van tells the true story of Alan Bennett's strained friendship with Miss Mary Shepherd, an eccentric homeless woman whom Bennett befriended ...
FreemontTheGreat: Marquette U. Poll of Wisconsinites: 39% approve of job Walker is doing as Guv, 57% disapprove
The most significant bit of news in this poll, in my opinion, is the fact that Wisconsinites are taking a dim view of Scott Walker’s performance. His 39% “job approval” rating is down 2 points from where it was in April when 41% approved of his performance as Governor. Walker’s doing much worse than Obama more »
You just finished reading Marquette U. Poll of Wisconsinites: 39% approve of job Walker is doing as Guv, 57% disapprove! Consider leaving a comment!


A visit to the museum is usually very interesting, but can you imagine what it would be like to experience an underwater museum? You have to imagine no more, since the idea has come to life in Isla Mujeres! Part of the Riviera Maya corridor, this beach destination can be found in the Caribbean Sea, 9 miles from Cancun and only accessible by boat.
Isla Mujeres offers infinity of attractions, places to visit and things to do but highlight of this spot, and favorite of many travelers remains being Cancun Underwater Museum (MUSA), an artificial reef created with the purpose of protecting nature and has the support of many researchers and marine biologists who helped in creating magnificent sculptures with materials ecologically designed, to help conserve marine wildlife.
This initiative began back in November 2009, and a series of sculptures by well-known artist Jason Taylor de Caires, were placed in the sea, in front of Isla Mujeres. The museum currently has more than 450 sculptures portraying real local men, women and children, with the participation of Mexican artists.
Cancun Underwater Museum (MUSA) has been designed to be admired from the depths: you have to immerse into the sea with a scuba diving equipment and interact with the wildlife up close. You can also enjoy it from the surface while you snorkel, or sail the sea over the museum on boats with crystal floor. You have to plan an escapade to delight yourself with this peaceful and unique scene: one of the few available in the entire world, together with Crimea, Israel, and Grenada amongst them.
Miss no more and come to enjoy this wonder created by man. For more information, visit the official website: http://musamexico.org/.

Provide system fault diagnosis, consultation, the overall process solutions and installation commissioning services
And according to customer needs, to provide selection configuration, electrical control cabinet design. Engineering design, system packages, software programming, on-site debugging, for the factory automation products to provide regular quality inspection and so on.
Can send professional engineers to the customer site, to provide short-term or long-term technical support, so as to ensure the stability of the service
Water electrolysis hydrogen and hydrogen supply system research and development, production, sales and after-sales service, hydrogen hydrogen supply engineering design, installation, commissioning operation and post-maintenance, have a wealth of practical experience.
We have developed excellent engineering performance in Rockwell (AB), Schneider Quantum (PLC) products in the fields of metallurgy, electric power, chemical industry, machinery, water supply, oil and gas.
In the constant innovation, the concept of sincere cooperation, to provide customers based on products and applications of value-added technology services!
Plating nickel, anti-nickel, black nickel, brass, anti-brass, copper, anti-copper, gold, anti-gold, silver, anti-silver, chrome, dyed black, pearl gold, pear nickel, double plating and more
Color Pantone color chart with soft enamel, silkscreen printing, offset printing by paper sticker or epoxy coating surface.
1.For small quantities, we suggest shipping by express door to door service as it is more favorable, fast
1.MOQ: For most of our products, we have no MOQ, and we can provide free samples as long as you are willing to afford the delivery charge.
2.Payment: We accept payment by T/T, Western Union, and PayPal. For high value orders, we also accept L/C payment.
3.Location: We are a factory located in Zhongshan China, an exporting major city. Only 2 hours' drive from Hong Kong or Guangzhou.
4.What we do: We make metal pins, badges, coins, medals, keychains, etc.; as well as lanyards, carabiners, ID card holders, reflective tags, silicone wristbands, bandanas, PVC items, etc..
5.Lead time: For sample making, it takes only 4 to 10 days depending on the design; for mass production, it takes only less than 14 days for quantity under 5,000pcs (medium size).
6.Delivery: We enjoy very competitive price for DHL door to door, and our FOB charge is also one of the lowest in southern China.
7.Response: A 20 people team stand by more than 14 hours a day and your mail will be responded within an hour.
8.Innovation: A 4 people designing team has established since 2011, and now we have already cooperated with BMW, AUDI, Volkswagen, T-Mobile and more Global 500s companies.
1.Zhongshan Artigifts Premium Metal & Plastic Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer of all kinds of gifts & crafts. integrating development and production together.
4.We have no MOQ limited, and only have 5-7 days for sample lead time, normally 14-18days for the qty under 10000pcs; Also we have art / devoloping department and open 100designs every month.
A: Yes we do have a catalog. Don’t hesitate to contact us to ask us to send you one. But remember that Artigifts is specialized in providing customized products. Another option is to visit us during one of our exhibition Shows.
3. Q: What guarantee do I have that assures me I will get my order from you since I have to pay in advance? What happens if the products you shipped are wrong or poorly made?
A: Artigifts has been in business since 2007. We do not only believe that our job consists in making good products but also building strong and long-term relationship with our customers. Our reputation among customers and their satisfaction are the main reasons for our success.
Furthermore, whenever a customer makes an order, we can make approval samples on request. It is also in our own interest to get approval from the customer first before starting production. This is how we can afford a "Full After-Sales Service". If the product does not meet your strict requirements, we can provide either immediate refund or immediate remakes at no extra cost to you.
A: Whenever your order is shipped, a shipping advise will be sent to you the same day with all the information concerning this shipment as well as the tracking number.
A: As general rule, it is that only Brass, Copper, Iron, Zinc alloy can be plated in our facilities.
A: Our Factory ,Marketing department, and Shipping department, are located in Zhongshan city,Guangdong province.
AddressFloor 4, Building 9, Shaxia Village Industrial Area, Minzhi Community, Minzhi Subdistrict, Bao'an District

If you would like to see more writings related to 2016 Volkswagen Tiguan R-line, yall could easily go to Volkswagen Car Galleries, and please do not forget to remember our blog post because Volkswagen Car Photos Blog publish articles about 2016 Volkswagen Tiguan R-line on a daily basis.
If you all like the gallery of Alluring Brand New 2016 Volkswagen Tiguan R-Line Sales, please do not forget to help this blog to present it to your friends on Facebook, Twitter, and Google Plus.
If yall would like to visit more writings related to Ticker Symbol For Volkswagen, you all may easily go to Volkswagen Car Reviews, and please do not forget to remember our post because Volkswagen Car Reviews post articles about Ticker Symbol For Volkswagen every day.
If you like the post of Classy New Ticker Symbol For Volkswagen Specifications, please remember to help this blog to show it to your family on Google Plus, Facebook, and Twitter.


​”First, I eat healthy; it comes from the inside out. If you eat right, your skin, hair, nails will look good. The same if you have negative thoughts – they can give you a bad look, too; we reflect what we eat and think. We also taste and smell what we eat. Being happy and doing what I love really reflects.” – Katie del Castillo.
For me, nails have always been a great passion of mine. I remember growing up and my mum had two nail polishes, one fushia shade which I believe was by Rimmel that smelt really nice and a red shade by a company I can’t remember. My mum is a tomboy and runs in the opposite direction at the first sign of any beauty implementation. So at aged 7, I kind of adopted the two neglected nail varnish bottles.
Growing up and I messed around with nail art and acrylics, my dream for the future does involve undertaking the Nail Technician qualification and working towards my NABS then going ahead and making a positive difference and impact on the nail industry as there is no regulation between hygiene to quality to even the level of experience that the technicians in the shops may have.
Something that I always get comments on are my manicures, I’ve never paid to get my nails professionally done and all of my tips and advice is purely from trial and error.
Always always prep your nails, this involves using a good quality nail varnish remover. I recommend the Superdrug Acetone Nail Polish Remover. Follow this step even if you don’t have any nail polish already on, it will remove any surface oils that will prevent nail varnish from adhering adequately to.
Lightly buff the surface of your nails with a foam emery board to take off any surface shine, then wipe the nail plate with a non linting cotton pad.
Cuticle clipping is a camp divider, to cut or not to cut. Regardless where you stand on this, make sure that your cuticles are pushed back at least and any creeping skin on the nail plate is removed as that will cause lifting in nail polish.
If you only invest in one high end nail product, I would always recommend investing in a good quality base coat as it protects your nails, increases the longevity of the nail polish and helps everything go on smoother. My holy grail base polish is from the Kensington Caviar range by Nails Inc. Nails Inc is a Cruelty Free, 6 Free, (mostly) Vegan friendly and also halal in the sense that the nail polish is porous company.
After applying your base coat, wait 10 minutes and apply the first thin layer of your colour. Then wait another 10 minutes to apply your second coat. It’s important to keep a gap of time between all the coats, primarily to avoid smearing and indentation to the polish but also to avoid little bubbles that may come up if the polish is applied too thickly or too soon after the first coat.
Top coat is important too, with a base coat you are creating that base to lay your colour on to, with a top coat you are sealing in your work for prosperity or until the following weekend. Again I would recommend the top coat from the Kensington Caviar range by Nails Inc. as it leaves a beautiful salon shine. When applying the top coat, I would recommend applying this 30mins after the colour coats have dried.
Using this method, I see a good 7 day wear from my nails and only remove the polish because I hate seeing the growth gap.
– Keeping Nails short, if you see them peeping over finger tips then they are too long and more likely to chip.
– Strong healthy nails are a must, I include biotin supplements as a compliment to sources of protein, iron, calcium and vitamin C in my diet.
– Avoid really thin nail polishes, the same applies to really thick ones. Both chip or peel due to consistency.

Find results that contain all of your keywords. Content filter is on. Search will return stock photos and royalty free images.
Healthy salad plate. Fresh seafood recipe. Grilled shrimps and fresh vegetable salad and egg. Grilled prawns. Healthy food. Flat l

“As Hurricane Florence bears down on the Carolinas, Florida public power has prepared to respond by engaging our network of mutual aid. More than 200 crew members and equipment from 18 Florida public power communities are standing by to assist with power restoration efforts in North Carolina and South Carolina following the impacts of dangerous Hurricane Florence, which is expected to cause widespread power outages and massive property damage.
Some Florida public power crews are already on their way to North Carolina, while others will be heading to Santee Cooper, South Carolina, immediately after the storm passes and it is safe to travel. Additional Florida public power crews are on standby to be deployed to affected areas once it is determined where they are needed following the storm.
Florida was on the receiving side of mutual aid last year when crews from all over the country came to help us in our time of need following Hurricane Irma. For that, we will be forever grateful, and we consider it a great honor to repay the favor to our fellow public power communities in other states.”
A statement from Rep. Matt Caldwell following the President’s final approval of the EAA reservoir: [Read more…] about Caldwell Issues Statement on Federal Authorization of EAA Reservoir
Governor Rick Scott announced late yesterday that the EAA reservoir project has been approved by the White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and will be transmitted to Congress. [Read more…] about Gov. Scott: White House Approves EAA Reservoir, Congress Must Act Now
The OneJax Institute at the University of North Florida will celebrate its 101st annual Interfaith Thanksgiving Gratitude Service 6 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 15, at Hendricks Avenue Baptist Church, 4001 Hendricks Ave., Jacksonville. A fellowship reception will follow at 7 p.m. [Read more…] about OneJax Institute Hosts 101st Annual Interfaith Thanksgiving Gratitude Service
The OneJax Institute at the University of North Florida is now accepting nominations for the 2019 Humanitarian Awards, which will be presented at a celebration dinner April 11, 2019. Since 1970, these prestigious awards have been the Jacksonville community’s way of honoring those who have given generously of themselves and have exhibited the highest personal and professional integrity. [Read more…] about 2019 OneJax Humanitarian Nominations Open
Filed Under: Education Tagged With: Humanitarian Nominations, OneJax Institute, university of north florida
The OneJax Institute at the University of North Florida will celebrate its 100th annual Interfaith Thanksgiving Gratitude Service at 6 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 16, at Congregation Ahavath Chesed—The Temple, located at 8727 San Jose Blvd. A fellowship reception will follow at 7 p.m.
This annual service has taken place in Jacksonville since 1918 and pays homage to the sacred passages, prayers, songs and traditions that exalt the quality of gratitude for the community’s blessings.
“This is a remarkable milestone. One hundred years ago, Rabbi Israel Kaplan at the Temple on Laura and Ashley Streets, invited Rev. Walter Pierce at the Unitarian Church to join in a ‘Union Service’ on Thanksgiving Day,” said Nancy Broner, OneJax executive director. “Over the years, additional faiths joined in to offer thanks and gratitude for all we appreciate as a community. We look forward to celebrating with the entire community.”
The theme of this year’s special service is “Reasons for Hope” and will include a procession of faith leaders and clergy. Expressions of gratitude from each tradition will follow and will include representatives from the Baha’i, Buddhist, Christian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh and Native American faiths, among others. An interfaith choir will also participate. This year, more than a dozen faiths and traditions will be represented.
“If ever there was a need to be reminded that we aren’t alone and that, despite our differences, we share many of the same values and beliefs, it’s right now,” said Broner. “Our world is divided, we’ve endured and observed natural disasters and have witnessed unexplainable acts against innocent victims. In the midst of all this, the interfaith service reminds us to treat one another with kindness, to be grateful for all that we have and to approach each other with compassion.”
The service is free and open to the public. Participants are encouraged to bring canned and dry goods, which will be donated to Feed a Needy Neighbor. RSVPs are appreciated at https://tinyurl.com/100gratitude or call 904.620.1529.
Since 2012, OneJax has been an Institute at the University of North Florida. Through education, community building and advocacy, OneJax Institute works to make Northeast Florida a better place for everyone by celebrating differences and identifying all we have in common. Its core programs include Metrotown, an intensive, week-long teen diversity program; LOUD (Leaders of United Diversity), where Metrotown graduates bring the message of respect and appreciation for religious, racial and cultural differences into their schools; Interfaith and Community Forums, periodic forums for public dialogue on diversity and community building; and Advocacy, working to promote issues of importance to the OneJax mission.
In addition, OneJax partners with the UNF College of Education and Human Services on Project Breakthrough, an initiative to change the story of race in Jacksonville. The organization also partners with The Florida Times-Union, WJCT Public Broadcasting and the Jacksonville Human Rights Commission on Civil Discourse Forums, promoting civil conversations around difficult or uncomfortable topics and issues. For more information go to www.onejax.org or call 904.620.1529.
The OneJax Institute at the University of North Florida presents the next program in the Civil Discourse Project, “Incivility and Political Dysfunction: How Did We Get Here and What Can We Do?” at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 17, in the Adam W. Herbert University Center, Building 43, Grand Banquet Hall, Room 1044, on campus.
The featured speaker is Dr. Carolyn J. Lukensmeyer, who is the executive director of the National Institute for Civil Discourse (NICD), an organization that works to reduce political dysfunction and incivility in our political system. As a leader in the field of deliberative democracy, she works to restore democracy to reflect the intended vision of our founding fathers.
She will discuss NICD’s initiative to revive civility as well as respect and will offer suggestions as to how individuals, the University and community can get involved.Following her remarks, there will be an interview/discussion session led by UNF President John Delaney.
Lukensmeyer previously served as founder and president of AmericaSpeaks, an award-winning nonprofit organization that promoted nonpartisan initiatives to engage citizens and leaders through the development of innovative public policy tools and strategies. During her tenure, AmericaSpeaks engaged more than 165,000 people and hosted events across all 50 states as well as throughout the world.
She formerly served as consultant to the White House chief of staff from 1993-94 and on the National Performance Review, where she steered internal management and oversaw government-wide reforms. Lukensmeyer was the chief of staff for five years to Ohio Gov. Richard F. Celeste, becoming the first woman to serve in this capacity.
This free event is open to the community; however, tickets are required for entry and may be obtained here. For more information about the event, contact the OneJax Institute at UNF at (904) 620-1529.
The National Institute for Civil Discourse was established in May 2011 after the tragic Tucson shooting that killed six people and wounded 13 others, including former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords. All were participating in a “Congress on Your Corner” event, a fundamental act of democracy.
OneJax, in partnership with The Florida Times-Union, WJCT, UNF and the Jacksonville Human Rights Commission host the Civil Discourse Project. These civic engagement events feature moderated panel discussions on issues that challenge deeply held beliefs about controversial topics. The purpose is to promote and model civility in interacting with one another in a calm and inclusive manner on current popular topics to increase understanding of opposing viewpoints.
Since 2012, OneJax has been an institute at UNF. Through education, community building and advocacy, OneJax works to make Northeast Florida a better place for everyone by celebrating differences and identifying all we have in common.
The OneJax Institute at the University of North Florida is now accepting nominations for the 2018 Humanitarian Awards. The awards will be presented at a celebration dinner event on April 12, 2018. Since 1970, these prestigious awards have been the Jacksonville community’s way of honoring those who have given generously of themselves and have exhibited the highest personal and professional integrity.
Nominations are reviewed by a committee made up of OneJax board members and former honorees and are based upon the following criteria: a history of community service through long-term involvement in civic, religious, nonprofit or professional/business organizations, dedication to the improvement of human relations among diverse groups in the Jacksonville area, impeccable personal and professional integrity, sustained commitment to humanitarian ideals, history of placing humanitarian concerns above self-interest and realistic humility about his/her importance in the world.
There are two categories of awards that may be nominated by the community. The Silver Medallion honors those who have demonstrated an unwavering commitment to our community. The Dr. Gaston Acosta-Rua Young Professionals Award recognizes a young professional who is already making a significant impact on strengthening the community through their time, talent and treasure. The award is named for a founding NCCJ Board member (predecessor organization of OneJax) and Silver Medallion honoree who dedicated his lifetime to upholding the values of the organization.
Nominations must be submitted on the official nomination form available via the website. The form, along with a written statement detailing how the nominee meets the criteria, must be submitted by 5 p.m. Friday, Sept. 29. Any individual or group may submit a nomination of an individual they think worthy of being named a OneJax Humanitarian.
“The nominations we receive from the community are so important to the selection process,” said Nancy Broner, OneJax executive director. “We’re a big city with lots going on and many good people making a difference. Without members of the community to help identify potential Humanitarian Award candidates, these deserving people might not be recognized for their contributions. We encourage everyone to consider making a nomination.”
The 2018 Awards Dinner will mark the 48th year that people making a difference in the community have been honored. Previous honorees include Preston Haskell, Fran Kinne, Bob Shircliff, Madeline Scales Taylor, Audrey Moran, Frieda Saraga, Gwen Yates, Hugh Greene, Susan Greene, Rodney L. Hurst Sr., Dr. Parvez Ahmed and many others.
Since 2012, OneJax has been an Institute of the University of North Florida. Through education, community building and advocacy, OneJax Institute works to make Northeast Florida a better place for everyone by celebrating differences and identifying all we have in common. For more information, visit the OneJax website or call (904) 620-1JAX.
Glenwood is in United States, located on the coordinates 32.18 latitude, -82.67 longitude. The time zone is America/Kentucky/Monticello (GMT-5) and its currency is USS.
When visiting Glenwood, you’ll have plenty of activities, sights and culinary experiences to keep you more than busy!

To start JEE Main 2019 preparation, the first step is to know the complete syllabus of JEE Main 2019. The JEE Main aspirants have to cover all the topics/concepts of Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry from class 11th and 12th, which are part of the JEE Main syllabus. Along with NCERT books, aspirants can study from JEE reference books (recommended option is IIT JEE Study Material). It's also important to solve questions from past year papers of JEE Main to know what type of questions you can expect in the examination.
Note : There is no change in syllabus of JEE Main 2019 computer-based examination. It's the same like previous years.
36 Now one of the Pharisees invited Jesus to have dinner with him, so he went to the Pharisee’s house and reclined at the table. 37 When a woman who had lived a sinful life in that town learned that Jesus was eating at the Pharisee’s house, she brought an alabaster jar of perfume, 38 and as she stood behind him at his feet weeping, she began to wet his feet with her tears. Then she wiped them with her hair, kissed them and poured perfume on them. 39 When the Pharisee who had invited him saw this, he said to himself, “If this man were a prophet, he would know who is touching him and what kind of woman she is–that she is a sinner.” 40 Jesus answered him, “Simon, I have something to tell you.” “Tell me, teacher,” he said. 41 “Two men owed money to a certain moneylender. One owed him five hundred denarii, and the other fifty. 42 Neither of them had the money to pay him back, so he canceled the debts of both. Now which of them will love him more?” 43 Simon replied, “I suppose the one who had the bigger debt canceled.” “You have judged correctly,” Jesus said. 44 Then he turned toward the woman and said to Simon, “Do you see this woman? I came into your house. You did not give me any water for my feet, but she wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair. 45 You did not give me a kiss, but this woman, from the time I entered, has not stopped kissing my feet. 46 You did not put oil on my head, but she has poured perfume on my feet. 47 Therefore, I tell you, her many sins have been forgiven–for she loved much. But he who has been forgiven little loves little.” 48 Then Jesus said to her, “Your sins are forgiven.” 49 The other guests began to say among themselves, “Who is this who even forgives sins?” 50 Jesus said to the woman, “Your faith has saved you; go in peace.”
What if you could slip out during the last hymn before they tried to get my phone number and call me all the time?
What if someone gave up their bulletin so I would have one? What if someone showed me where the restroom was before I had to ask?
What if they introduced you to someone to someone my age, who has children even though their children are grown.
What if someone told me what you LIKE about the preacher, choir when it practices, what children youth director, etc.
The woman greets Jesus at the house of a pharisee, stands behind, knelling at this feet, weeping-understanding, grieving morning, wipes with her hair… kissed his feet, unclean, wastes perfume on him… He should know.
You did not put oil on my head, she has perfumed my dirty, sweaty feet. Her many sins are forgiven. He makes no mention of their lack of hospitality….
Radical hospitality in not only going way out of our way to make those who are most similar to us welcome
Every week we through a dinner party, who do we invite? who do we work to extend an invitation? who do we offer a ride? who do we go out of our way to make sure they actually show up…
This entry was posted on October 11, 2009, 12:26 pm and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
1 In those days Caesar Augustus issued a decree that a census should be taken of the entire Roman world. 2 (This was the first census that took place while Quirinius was governor of Syria.) 3 And everyone went to his own town to register. 4 So Joseph also went up from the town of Nazareth in Galilee to Judea, to Bethlehem the town of David, because he belonged to the house and line of David. 5 He went there to register with Mary, who was pledged to be married to him and was expecting a child. 6 While they were there, the time came for the baby to be born, 7 and she gave birth to her firstborn, a son. She wrapped him in cloths and placed him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the inn. 8 And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night. 9 An angel of the Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified. 10 But the angel said to them, “Do not be afraid. I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. 11 Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is Christ the Lord. 12 This will be a sign to you: You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger.” 13 Suddenly a great company of the heavenly host appeared with the angel, praising God and saying, 14 “Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men on whom his favor rests.” 15 When the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said to one another, “Let’s go to Bethlehem and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has told us about.” 16 So they hurried off and found Mary and Joseph, and the baby, who was lying in the manger. 17 When they had seen him, they spread the word concerning what had been told them about this child, 18 and all who heard it were amazed at what the shepherds said to them.19 But Mary treasured up all these things and pondered them in her heart. 20 The shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things they had heard and seen, which were just as they had been told. [NRSV]
years ago, the Journal of the American Medical Association published an article by Dr. Paul Ruskin on the “Stages of Aging.” In the article, Dr. Ruskin described a case study he had presented to his students when teaching a class in medical school. He described the case study patient under his care like this:
“The patient neither speaks nor comprehends the spoken word. Sometimes she babbles incoherently for hours on end. She is disoriented about person, place, and time. She does, however, respond to her name… I have worked with her for the past six months, but she still shows complete disregard for her physical appearance and makes no effort to assist her own care. She must be fed, bathed, and clothed by others.
“Because she has no teeth, her food must be pureed. Her shirt is usually soiled from almost incessant drooling. She does not walk. Her sleep pattern is erratic. Often she wakes in the middle of the night and her screaming awakens others. Most of the time she is friendly and happy, but several times a day she gets quite agitated without apparent cause. Then she wails until someone comes to comfort her.”
After presenting the class with this challenging case, Dr. Ruskin then asked his students if any of them would like to volunteer to take care of this person. No one volunteered. Then Dr. Ruskin said, “I’m surprised that none of you offered to help, because actually she is my favorite patient. I get immense pleasure from taking care of her… and I am learning so much from her. She has taught me a depth of gratitude I never knew before. She has taught me the spirit of unwavering trust. And she has taught me the power of unconditional love.” Then Dr. Ruskin said, “Let me show you her picture.” He pulled out the picture and passed it around. It was the photo of his six-month-old baby daughter.
Now, I like that story for several reasons. For one thing, it shows us the importance of perspective. And it shows us how essential it is to have all the facts before we make a decision. It reminds us too, that our children have so much to teach us… if we will tune in and pay attention.
Genesis of God commanding light and darkness to go their separate ways, summoning the seven seas like charters, and, with a word, drawing up the massive continents from the primordial ooze of the formless earth.
Or, hundreds of thundering Egyptian chariots dashing headlong after fleeing Hebrew slaves. Suddenly the once dry gap in the sea is invaded by a violent wall of water,
Or again, the vision in the Book of Revelation of the saints in heaven gathered in a multitude greater than the eye can see, an ocean of faces and white robes larger than the mind can measure, an endless throng finding the place in their hymn books, and triumphantly singing, “Hallelujah! Salvation and glory and power belong to our God!” Compared to this, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir sounds like a quartet.
Tonight is Christmas Eve, and the familiar story we have heard from Luke’s gospel is itself one of those events which threatens to overwhelm us by its scope. It begins, to be sure, in a small and gentle way, shepherds resting on a Judean hillside keeping wary watch over the flocks. But suddenly the episode spills beyond the edges of imagination’s canvas. The night sky is flooded by the light of glory. First there is one angel, then another and another, until finally there is a heavenly host, putting on an angelic display so terrifyingly spectacular that the King James Bible seems deeply understated when it reports that the shepherds “were sore afraid.”
How bright was this shining glory of the Lord? Luke does not say. What did the angels look like? Luke is silent.
It is as if Luke pulls our attention away from the events themselves and focuses it instead on something else, namely the responses of those who were involved.
The shepherds were “sore afraid,” but returned from Bethlehem “glorifying and praising God for all they had heard and seen.” The people who heard their reports “wondered at what the shepherds had told them.” Mary “kept all these things, pondering them in her heart.” As for the “glory of the Lord,” Luke is reticent, but when it comes to those upon whom it shone, he breaks his descriptive silence and saves his fullest language to portray what happened in their lives and hearts.
But there is another, and more important, reason why Luke turns our gaze from the light itself toward the faces of those people who were illumined by it. Luke wants us to search those faces and to find our own faces reflected there, to find ourselves once again filled with wonder, to ponder these things in our hearts, to contemplate the possibility that we, too, might glorify and praise God this Christmas Eve for all that we have experienced because of the life of the Christ child born that night.
Luke does not want us to be fascinated by this story’s height; he invites us instead to explore for ourselves its depth.
There was once a Christmas pageant at a small church in which the part of the innkeeper at Bethlehem was played by a high school student. He was a quiet and polite boy, but the kind of boy for whom the word “awkward” was an apt description — awkward in manner, awkward in social relationships, even awkward in size, his growing frame always pushing at the limits of his clothing. His peers liked him well enough, but he was the sort of person who was easy to overlook, to exclude from the center of things.
When Joseph and Mary appeared at the inn, he stood … awkwardly … in the doorway, slumping a bit toward the couple as they made their request for lodging. He then dutifully recited his one line, “There is no room in the inn.” But as Mary and Joseph turned and walked wearily away toward the cattle stall where they would spend the night, the boy continued to watch them with eyes filled with compassion. Suddenly responding to a grace which, though not part of the script, filled the moment, he startled himself, the holy couple, and the audience, by calling, “Wait a minute. Don’t go. You can have my room.”
Every baby will keep every parent up all night, at least once. It’s a rule. Whether because they are teething or colicky, anxious or tummy-troubled, or just plain fussy, it’s part of a baby’s mission in life to keep its parents awake weeping and wailing.
We parents are “hard-wired” to respond to an infant’s cries. What has kept us grieving all week, a grief that can’t be spoken? What has kept our hearts hurting all week, a pain that won’t go away? When an infant or child is in trouble, or hurt, or killed, both our right and left brains insist we must do something to “fix” the situation. If our hearts melt at the mere sound of a distressed infant, how much more do our hearts overflow in anguish at the sight of children being harmed or in harm’s way – even if our own nerve endings are jangling and cross-firing.
Before there were “white noise” recordings, washing machines, or long car rides to soothe the plaintive cries of a child, parents in every culture on the planet came up with the same plan to quiet a crying child — lullabies. Sweet melodies, slowly cadenced, softly sung, lullabies “lull” little ones into a dreamy place. They also have almost lulled me to my doom. One of my favorite CDs is Tom Wasinger’s “The World Sings Goodnight,” which I have downloaded into the playlist of my truck. These 33 lullabies are from all over the world – Bolivia, Indonesia, Poland, Russia, Ethiopia, Japan, Egypt, India, Algeria, Iran, to name a few other than the more obvious ones from the US and Canada. My problem is that as I’m barreling down the highway listening to these lullabies, I’m also being lulled to sleep.
Ask your people what lullabies were sung to them growing up. You might start with your own, and refresh their memories about lullabies that are as famous as “Away in a Manger” (Luther’s cradle song) or “Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star” or “Frere Jacques” (Brother Jack) or “Rock-a-bye Baby” (written in late 1700s when some English immigrants to the new world saw how native Americans carried their children) or as forgotten as Brahms’ “Lullaby and Goodnight” (Brahms Lullaby) or “All Through the Night” (a Welsh folk song first recorded 1784) or Paul Simon’s lullaby written for his son “St. Judy’s Comet”.]
I suspect that everyone here has noticed that the actual words of some lullabies aren’t always all that comforting think “down will come baby, cradle and all.” But the cradling arms and rocking-chair rhythms in which these songs were sung created a safe, special place for a fussy infant.
In this week’s gospel text we heard the first hymn of the new age. Jesus’ birth announcement came in the form of a song, Mary’s Song, known as “The Magnificat.” The “Magnificat,” Mary’s hymn of praise to God, is nothing less than her first lullaby to her baby, to the embryonic Messiah. The first thing Jesus heard in his mother’s womb, outside the beating of her heart, was Mary’s lullaby telling him in the womb how blessed his mother was with his presence. Mary’s lullaby tells her child that his conception is a product of both God’s “mighty arm” and God’s great mercy.
“My soul magnifies the Lord, and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior, for he has looked with favor on the lowliness of his servant. Surely, from now on all generations will call me blessed; for the Mighty One has done great things for me, and holy is his name. His mercy is for those who fear him from generation to generation. He has shown strength with his arm; he has scattered the proud in the thoughts of their hearts. He has brought down the powerful from their thrones, and lifted up the lowly; he has filled the hungry with good things, and sent the rich away empty. He has helped his servant Israel, in remembrance of his mercy, according to the promise he made to our ancestors, to Abraham and to his descendants forever.”
Like most lullabies there are some dark and downside stanzas. The proud get knocked off their high horses, or fall from their pedestals. The powerful are scattered and brought low. The rich are sent away empty. But the melodic leit motif of Mary’s lullaby affirms God as Savior, committed to the covenant, keeper of the promise made to Abraham and all his ancestors generations ago.
Mary’s lullaby is sung to offer comfort and to inspire action. But it’s more than that. Mary’s Song “extolls,” “magnifies,” “praises” the Lord. But not just for what has occurred in the past, but for what is to come in the new future God has made possible through the child who is to come: Emmanuel, God With Us.
There is good linguistic evidence to suggest that the term “lullaby” is derived from a Hebrew idiom “lilith-aba” — or “Lilith begone.” “Lilith was a demon/witch from early Israelite literature who was believed to steal little children. “Lilith-aba,” “Lilith begone” was part of the words sung over a child to protect the little one from evil. “Lilith Aba” became “lullaby.”
So perhaps the very first Hebrew lullabies were not just about putting small children into a sleeping stupor, but also keeping us alert to the approach of evil and to take decisive action against it. Mary’s first “lullaby” to Jesus, “The Magnificat,” was just such a tune. Mary’s hymn sang sweetly about the great gift she had received from God. But Mary’s hymn also sang fiercely about the actions and changes that would come about because of this new work of God in the world. Mary’s first “lullaby” sung to baby Jesus was not designed to put him to sleep, but to wake him up. “The Magnificat” woke the baby Jesus up to his mission and message just as the sound of his mother’s voice had awakened the baby John to his mission of proclamation and preparation.
The Messiah has come. Things will change. God is present and working great changes in the world according to God’s covenant and promises.
It is impossible to escape “Santa Claus” this time of year. No matter how hard we try to make Christmas about Jesus, that big fat guy in the red suit keeps showing up. Instead of getting sucked into a consumer-culture’s Santa Claus, maybe we should be telling the “lullaby” of the original Santa Claus, the actual Saint Nicholas, the Magnificat Nicholas.
Nicholas lived in the third century in what we now calls Asia Minor, or the Middle East. He rose in the ranks of the church and even attended the Council of Nicea in 325 AD. But instead of accepting his high role and rank in the new church hierarchy, Nicholas chose a different path. Having inherited significant wealth, Nicholas didn’t just refuse it, chuck it, or give it away in one big lump sum. Instead, Nicholas spent his life and his inheritance on saving others, especially the very people named in the Magnificat the poor, the hungry, the powerless, the condemned. Nicholas bought a young woman out of slavery (what today we would call the sex trade industry). Nicholas purchased pardons for those condemned to death because their primary crime was being poor and desperate. During the time of famine, Nicholas bought grain and distributed it for free to the most destitute and desperate.
Saint Nicholas lived the lullaby sung by Mary to Jesus before he was even born. St. Nicholas took words of “comfort and joy” and transformed them into witnesses of challenge and love. It is what we are called to do. It is what the Christmas story reminds us to do.
Our Response: A wedding ceremony was about to begin. Members of the bridal procession anxiously waited for the organ music to accompany them down the aisle. But there was only silence. One of the ushers tried to get the organist’s attention by snapping his fingers. Still there was silence. The usher then tried clapping his hands. Still no response. Finally, the now panicking usher called out the organist’s name. “Neil … Neil,” he shouted and all the people in church obediently dropped to their knees.
The Magnificat in today’s Gospel message is enough to have us all kneeling. In the worlds of “O Holy Night,”
Fall on your knees, O hear the angel voices! O night divine, O night when Christ was born! O night, O holy night, O night divine!
It’s not until you fall on your knees that you can stand up to your true self, to the person God is calling you to be this Christmas season.
Luke’s word to us this day is that God hears those prayers, and that it is into just such situations of hopelessness and helplessness that the power of God is born. It is there that God entrusts the treasure, lifting up the lowly and filling the hungry with good things — setting things right.
On a dark night in a feed stall in Bethlehem, the treasure which was entrusted to Mary became the treasure for us all. All the Herods and all the priests and all the powers-that-be gathered around to do their worst. But on Easter morning, just as Mary said, “God stretched out his mighty arm ….”
This entry was posted on December 24, 2012, 4:12 pm and is filed under Christmas C. You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Being a fan of Asia; when I saw this module being advertised on the I-to-I TEFL website – I was excited! The Teaching in Vietnam module was amazing! I found the Culture section of the module the most interesting. This section inspired me to buy the Lonely Planet Travel Guide; which I have read and marked some pages I want to research more. I have also looked into the Vietnam Internship.
I did not realise that Vietnamese food is one of the most varied and delicious cuisines anywhere. It’s a melting pot (sorry, for the pun!) of influences from the country’s foreign rulers. I also did not realise that eating is a social ritual in Vietnam. Meals comprise a number of dishes, served in no particular order, placed in the centre of the table to be shared by diners. I will have to be careful with my Nut Allergy when I am out there.
Posted by: Jemma Jones Category: Everyday Life, Moving Abroad, Planning, Uncategorized	Tags: EAL, EFL, ESL, i-to-i, i-to-i TEFL, Specialist Modules, Teaching Abroad, teaching english, Teaching English Abroad, Teaching in Vietnam, TEFL, TESOL, Vietnam	
The Teaching in Italy; the specialist teaching module from I-to-I TEFL was very enjoyable. It states that it is only a five hour long module; however, just to my current work commitments it took me a little longer than I expected! I am glad about this. I passed the module in August 2015. I found that the module was packed full of information about teaching in Italy. I found that the questions were similar to the ones I had answered before in my other Specialist TEFL Modules with I-to-I.
There were some surprises throughout the module; which I liked. I love the structure of the module as you can jump back and front through module!
I would recommend this module if you want to teach in Europe; even if you think that you already know about Italy!
Posted by: Jemma Jones Category: Everyday Life, HomeLife, Uncategorized	Tags: EAL, EFL, ESL, i-to-i, i-to-i TEFL, Italy, Specialist Modules, Teaching Abroad, Teaching English Abroad, teaching english as a foreign language, teaching english as a second language, Teaching in Italy, TEFL, TESOL	

The healthiest point to approach meals & start eating is at level 3 (can still make coherent choices); the healthiest place to stop eating is at level 5 – 6 (you are satisfied, but not stuffed)
Over the next three days, observe your eating habits in relation to this scale. Use the chart below to keep track of which level you begin eating at and at which level you stop eating.

The blue shirts are skating on home ice in their quest for the Stanley Cup. They may be down two games in the series- but they’re not out.
“We’re going to kill tonight, that’s one. The crowd in the garden is unbelievable. It’s insane,” another said.
And if you couldn’t score a ticket to actually go to the game, there’s still plenty of action at local bars like the Blarney Rock Pub. Eyes were glued to the screen as Rangers fought hard.
“Henrik Lundquist is going to stand on his head tonight to win this game. He’s going to play put of his mind. Who cares about Johnny Quick. He isn’t looking so quick tonight.”
“The cup is coming back to New York in 7 games. You heard it here. Were going to win the cup and have a parade downtown,” an excited fan said.
THE BRONX — Kyra Reid-Morgan has been living at the Nelson Family Residence in the Bronx, a homeless shelter, for a little over a year.
"I am not ashamed, not at all, and I want to speak out as much as I can until someone hears me," Reid-Morgan said.
"After they heard we were coming there was a bunch of things that happened. They tried to fix up repainted banisters. They buffed the floors, and they cleaned up the laundry room," she said.
"We have been steadily working to address any concerns, and yesterday, this family confirmed that all repair items have been completed and that there are no issues at this time.”
‘It’s 90 degrees in here’: Family with asthmatic son placed in sweltering apartment by Homeless Services
Disturbing videos show rats that are ‘big as cats’ taking over Bronx NYCHA building; baby boy is bitten, mom says
ASTORIA, Queens – Police are asking for help in identifying the woman who allegedly stole a wallet from an elderly woman in Queens.
On Sept. 23, a 69-year-old female was sitting on a stoop in front of a residence on 30th Avenue when the individual sitting next to her allegedly removed her wallet, police said.
The wallet contained identification, credit and debit cards, and about $35 in cash. The individual fled to an unknown location.
The individual is described as a female with a light complexion, approximately 45 years old, and was last seen wearing a pink hoodie, blue shirt, dark colored jeans, and black sneakers.
Pixelmate exhibitions is a professional exhibition and a exhibition company dedicated to exhibitions, exhibition halls, commercial spaces, roadshows, venue layout design, production and construction, construction, exhibition booth building and design of custom made wooden stands Founded in 2012, the company is headquartered in New Delhi . After 8 years of development, it has gradually formed a nationwide service network centered on Delhi and Bangalore, Mumbai , Chennai , Gujarat , Hyderabad , Guwahati, Kolkata and other large and medium-sized cities to provide customers with a full range of services. Exhibition, booth construction and a series of services complete one-stop solution. Pixelmate India is located in between of the Pragati maidan and greater noida exhibition and expo centre with convenient transportation. Fourteen thousand sq/feet super large column-free plant structure, the factory has a woodworking department, metalworking department, paint department, electrical department, art department. Over the years, it has successfully undertaken large-scale construction activities such as Auto expo , real estate, and industrial fairs. Thousands of executions have formed effective and unique construction management specifications, providing the most powerful guarantee for the perfect display of every detail on the customer’s site.
Archives Select Month October 2018 December 2014 May 2014 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 May 2012 April 2012 January 2012
Bangalore exhibition events in bangalore exhibition design exhibition designer pixalmate pixelmate Uncategorized
The demo content covers two main aspects that you should consider: it presents the strengths of our theme, and it showcases the smart features we provide. We highly recommend referring to it as a great inspiring starting point in order to...	
If you plan to insert the demo content in order to have the bigger picture of what you plan to achieve with Mies, then you should know that you can easily import it by following these quick steps: Log into...	
laptop computer free images. Images explicitly placed in the public domain. You can use all images from this gallery for whatever you want, use it freely for personal and commercial use. Read more: frequently asked questions and public domain definition.
Public domain images for kids, parents, students, teachers, professors, webmasters, all creative artists and everyone else who need copyright friendly pictures for use in any private or commercial project.

Moldex 2405 FFP2 Classic is a dust mask of high quality, processed and manufactured in the EU. Respiratory health should be at the forefront of every dust related project and never to be underestimated. Moldex are equipped with multiple masks and cartridges available for every type of project, providing protection to the fullest.
FFP2 respiration masks are designed for working and manufacturing environments in which mutagenic and deleterious can be airborne. FFP2 masks of this level must hold at least 94% of airborne particles which measures up to 0.6 μm and can be used for as long as the workplace transgression equals to no more than the value. FFP2 masks are frequently used in the metal and mining industry. These industries are normally in contact with aerosols, smoke and fog which lead to harmful working conditions and can cause serious long term health problems.
Each mask is designed to fit around your head with strength in the straps giving the user comfort and stability. Easy to breathe and the mask will remain securely in place whilst you work. The FFP2 level is designed to for low levels of dust, being ideal for cutting/sanding or drilling. The mask itself is designed to be light in weight and free of allergic materials like latex and silicone. Moldex 2405 FFP2 masks are sold in multipacks of 20.

I bought this straightener for my daughter after the $200 straightener she had finally died after 4 years of use. I wasn't sure about it because the price was so reasonable. She came to me after straightening her hair with the Furiden and said she absolutely loved it. It made her hair super soft and you couldn't see any hair damage that she has. This is an excellent straightener and it is inexpensive.
“Being a mom of two, it’s hard to have time to get my hair done, but with this, I do my hair in 30 minutes, rather than over an hour. I haven’t bought a new straightener in probably four years, and I bought this with very little expectations. OMG! First of all, not only did it take half the time to do my hair, but it left my hair as amazing as I always wanted it! Super silky-smooth. I then used it to make some curls on my 8-year-old. In less than 15 minutes, I was done with her hair and she was in love with the curls.”
Coming in at a close second, the CHI G2 Ceramic and Titanium Flat Iron is our second editor’s choice as the best hair straightener on the market today – featuring fool-proof and color-coded temperatures for easy straightening or who just wants to protect their luscious locks. We also love the digital display that is featured on the CHI G2 model along with its combination ceramic and titanium design for optimal shine!
Suzie has rejoined the Moda hair team after a short break where she pursued a career in Child care. She is back and more eager than ever to share her talents in cutting and colouring. She particularly enjoys styling; creating vintage styles from the 20s through to the 50s. Suzie was voted apprentice of the year when studying at Tafe, and was a finalist in Loreal’s Style and Shoot competition.
“I’m in ‘ahhh’ at how awesome of a straightener this is. If you ask me, it’s a lot better than the high-end brands. It leaves my hair silky-smooth and shiny. I absolutely love its features, and you can watch the heat meter rise as it’s heating up. To me, five stars is not enough to rate this product. It’s definitely worth the money. I’m in love with this straightener. Also, the lock on it I found to be a awesome bonus.”
#Hybridenergy systems that combine conventional power with #renewable energy or #battery storage are fast becoming the obvious choice for #mines looking to become ‘lean and green’. Paul Buch outlines why mines are making the switch to hybrid energy. https://www.ghd.com/en/about-us/why-mines-are-making-the-switch-to-hybrid-energy.aspx …pic.twitter.com/rbxrknL6BR
As one of the hottest hair straighteners we have reviewed (temperature-wise…although it is pretty to look at, we have to admit…), the Solano Sleek Heat 450 Professional Flat Iron can reach temperatures of up to 450° F in as little as 60 seconds! This Solano hair straightener also features thin 1 inch plates, making it an ideal choice for anyone with short or medium length hair and the quick heat time ensures that even the most stubborn of curls can be tackled with a little extra heat. If you are looking or something a little larger though, it is also available with 1.54-inch plates too.
Unleash your hair's potential. Thicker, denser hair and stimulated hair growth. Helps stimulates hair growth thanks to the Glucoboost™ molecule which acts as an energy boost to the root of the hair. Specific formulation for colour treated thinning hair. Leaves hair feeling soft and looking beautiful. Reveal up to +1700 more hairs in 3 months* For thicker, denser hair Read More
At Moda Hair we create hairstyles to suit individual clients, and work with industry leader, L’Oreal Professionnel to produce colour that compliments both the client and the cut. With a strong commitment to training and development, the Moda Hair team are experts in the latest hairdressing trends and techniques, and are educated in the latest products to hit the professional hair services industry.
Now that you know what the Xtava Pro is capable of, it's worth running through the features that make those results possible. Along with the solid ceramic plates for even heating, there are 10 temperature settings to choose from for optimal styling control. The temperatures are shown on an easy to read digital display and range from 265 degrees to 445 degrees Fahrenheit.
Nice and quiet compared to my last hair dryer. I really like the soft band that keeps it from sliding on the counter or making a clunk when you set it down. The only thing I don't like about it is the way the diffusers snap on (very difficult to remove them) and the fact that the "cool" button doesn't seem to completely shut off the heating element.
FHI’s rounded edge allows you to easily curl or add waves without much effort. It’s almost as small as a travel flat iron, and I love that it straightens even the poofiest sections with just a single pass. But don’t just take my word for it, listen to Beyoncé (via InStyle): “I’m crazy about it! I can’t live without my flatiron! It takes me about an hour to do my hair, and the only time I don’t is when I’m on vacation.”
“I’m a licensed hairdresser and I’ve used many hair straighteners, including Chi and Paul Mitchell. They work, but my hair is so thick that it takes me at least 30 to 40 minutes to properly smooth my hair. This is the absolute best hair straightener I have ever used. It straightened my hair in ten minutes (no joke). I’m extremely pleased and shocked. Looking to purchase a second one to have on hand for the future.”
ghd stands for good hair day, and that's exactly what you're signing up for with our fabulous collection of ghd products. Launched in 2001, ghd's reputation as one of the best and most reliable names in hair styling is entirely deserved, with their ceramic straighteners providing amazing results for all kinds of hair types. Designed to heat up quickly, take care of your hair and even look great on your dressing table, you can't go wrong with ghd. Between their iconic straighteners, equally brilliant hairdryers and extensive range of brushes and styling products, it's never been easier to look like you've just stepped out of a celebrity salon.

Week 39/52 and I'm late again, but not never.. with this whimsical, fantasy work called Duet. It is 308 x 308 x 15mm on a high quality linen canvas that has the most wonderful drum sound when you tap it... marvellous. Funny that it worked out that way, with the musical theme also. I'm listing this on Trade Me again for a week - thanks for the visit! e^)
Week 38 celebrated with a Landscape in Colour.. I pulled out all the stops and plastered the colour on, mixing here and there and playing with texture. This took months to dry - and is still tender in places, but surface dry. Size 380 x 380 x 35mm and on Trade Me. Thanks for popping in again!
Ahead of schedule for a change with little painting number 37 - and it's about lei making, a fascinating hand craft found the world over, but traditional in the Pacific regions. Luscious, luxurious leis - I love them. This painting is 380 x 380 x 35mm and available on Trade Me
Making up for lost ground this week with two entries - one each for week 35 and 36. The first one is titled Useless Brollie. Size 380mm x 380mm x 35mm and done in dark blue green and white.
The second one is titled Peace and is the same size 380mm x 380mm x 35mm and done in raw umber and white on an ochre underpainting.
By clicking the button, you will be raising mermaidlexi to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. mermaidlexi will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!

With the city more or less secure, an assortment of information as detrimental to the mages guild as possible handed out, and the locals getting organized (despite a regrettable tendency to look to the visiting adventurers for recommendations and leadership… Kevin groaned… that’s right, everybody keep looking at the 14-year-old fey-demon mischief-maker for leadership… “Go look at Marty!”), it was time to take stock.
It looked like Londinium was the mages stronghold, as well as the capital of Baelaria, the center of operations for the ministry of magic, and the probable location for the primary “well” and biggest labs. The locals weren’t really sure what to do; some were advocating swift assault while others were talking of digging in and using the portals to other realms as a supply line during a long-term war. What with their general impatience, the group decided on “fast”. The mages had won in too many places to let them consolidate. That meant that they wouldn’t have time to wait for those Voidstone amulets; even if they had just provided plenty of Voidstone, it would take a day or so to set it.
The situation in Londinium was hard to ascertain. While the Guild had apparently managed to achieve swift victory, energy discharges were increasing in the city, refugees were fleeing, the news was scrambled, and the military was trying to comprehend what just happened. It looked like they’d received orders from one or more of their commanders to head to the frontier and prepare for an assault.
Come to think of it, on the subject of “assault”, they sent the Mirage back to the Singularites for a tactical program upgrade. It didn’t seem to comprehend ranges of less than twenty miles or so, so it relied on its pilot to limit it – and Jarvian just wasn’t inclined towards limiting his firepower.
Marty wanted to use the sewer system – it was supposed to be one of the most extensive and robust in the realm – but it mostly opened up along the river. Still, people did seem to be fleeing the city – and it looked like the mages attempts at stopping them were being countered. Looked like some of the “refugees” were covering the others.
Well, that would make good cover – hm, disguising themselves as war profiteers would be even better – and they could just duck into the sewers once they were in the city. It was a three-day walk, so Kevin busied himself getting a steam-truck out from under the rubble (and dealing with a free fire elemental which liked beer.. He encouraged it to live in the brewery fireboxes: it could get all it wanted and the locals would never know). Smoke liked the idea; it meant they actually could get food/medicine/etcetera to endangered civilians. Smoke and Marty headed off to Potterworld to get some goods – medicines, weapons, and such for preference, food for second best. Platform 9 3/4’ths connected to Potterworld London, so it was an easy enough trip. The locals had apparently noticed all the school traffic, so there were plenty of shops… It didn’t look like Magic was as “secret” as the books had originally implied – and it looked like the disappearances had been more widespread than just Hogwarts. There was a lot on the TV about them. They made a note to tell Kevin about it later.
Getting the stuff back through the station turned awkward. A truckload of stuff was just a bit conspicuous.
They settled on having Marty drive a U-haul truck up the steps and through while Smoke did an impromptu solo Shakespeare performance to distract everyone. It was quite a performance – but there was still panic (Truck Bomb!) when the truck came up the steps. The cops reacted very quickly indeed – but Marty made it through and the station on the Baelaria side was pretty much deserted anyway.
Back in Potterworld, the locals were speculating about “it being one of those weird superhero bombs”. Looked like they were more aware of the Manifold than they used to be – and the cops were certainly aware of Smoke, and the connection wasn’t hard to make. At least one of them was also aware of – and apparently immune to – forgetting spells.
Smoke explained. This mostly just added to the confusion, but the cop who apparently had truthsense – and decided that he both didn’t like the implications and didn’t want to try and explain to anyone else. He also didn’t want a repeat.
Kevin put a flame-construct into the firebox, they loaded up the Golem and the Kids and Smoke and started off… Marty had to drive: the thing didn’t have a computer.
Perhaps fortunately with the way that Marty drove, Kevin and the kids had never seriously considered the possibility of being hurt in a vehicle. Within a few hours they could see the city of Londinium ahead. Everything looked calm at that distance, but the masses of people walking alongside the roads testified that things were not as they seemed.
They settled down to trading supplies for information – and got harangued by a finely-dressed young man with a couple of thuggish bodyguards. Smoke was pleased: a possible future hero. The guy was a bit startled to find that they only really wanted information – what was going on in Londinium, what the major factions were, if there was lots of resistance or were the mages crushing everyone with an iron hand, what were the local garrisons up to (and was Baelaria run by a King of Queen?). He guessed that they were Manifolders quickly enough. They had a discussion over lunch.
Apparently the local underworld was not happy with the Mages Guild. The mage’s thought they had control of the city when the stormed parliament and captured the Prime Minister. Several members of the Military, the police, and the Ministry of Magic had been in on the coup. Of course, that meant that everyone and their grandmother started to rise up and do whatever they wanted. The mages had been having a hell of a time trying to maintain order ever since – while the underworld had been busy trying to keep the civilian casualties to a minimum. He was pleased to find that the group was also pretty unhappy with the Mages Guild – and that Kevin and company were quite willing to take them on directly. The deal was simple: the “family” would help them slip into the city and help locate targets – and the group would do something about them. The Family could handle the generals and officials, but there were four major mages (currently truing to prepare for the arrival of the military) plus the Minister of Magic and her six powerful subordinates (and two powerful bodyguards) behind the defenses of the Ministry of Magic to deal with. So: 11 major targets, two annoying bodyguards, and other targets of opportunity.
Well, since the Family would be covering their arrival (taking them in disguised as a container), they wouldn’t need the truck and the supplies. The Family suggested starting in the SW side of town: the mages presence was weakest there.
Charles arrived at the ceremony for Gri-Fel and Terapishimn very formally dressed – at least for a child – although it was a modest ceremony for a modest position. He got a few odd looks from the less well-informed, but he was on the guest list, and – while he was checked over by security as he entered the chamber – it VERY politely done and not at all intrusive. He… was apparently becoming known as a powerful and mysterious figure… The chamber itself had been decorated to simulate the environment around Arcosanti – and the guest list was short: Terapishim and Gri-Fel’s friends, some gods currying favors, and Pure Frothing Delight and his terrifying minions, who were enduring floating around in their master with only the occasional quack. Gri-Fel and Terapishim were meditating upon the position on a dais in the rear. Soon, their new supervisor would approach, and they would sign the contract. Who knew what changes would occur to make them more suitable for the joint position?
And the buffet was superb, although not exactly suited to a youngster’s tastes! Still, it was easy enough to sneak some peanut butter and jelly out of his pack…
Perhaps fortunately, gods rarely changed all THAT much for a new position (it was often mostly cosmetic) – and Arcosanti was about to become far more important than it had been… If Charles had anything to say about it, it was about to become headquarters for several hundred major entities dedicated to trade, and to it’s protection and prosperity, and to the guardianship of Creation – and major gates to a dozen worlds were set up to open up in the area around it relatively soon. As the Inukami, Djinn, and other operatives set up the (mostly) underground, efficient, and ecologically-friendly rail systems, and the secondary supply and gate-defense manses, it would become the center of trade and contact for a dozen prosperous worlds and the staffs of THEIR supporting manses.
With the arrival of Redstone Runner, the Region Goddess of the North American Southwest, resplendent in her elaborately woven robes of the regional rock formations, things got down to business… The contract was signed. Other than immediate and palpable relief… Gri Fel became just a bit more wooly, and Terapishim’s beard took on the fine texture of Arcosanti’s local sand. It was still very impressive though! Even the goddess admired it – and there was quiet and respectful applause.
Charles cheerfully joined in! Setting up the central manse would be a good celebration present, even if he did have to tell the pesky bureau what he was up to…
(Gri-Fel, examining the thin layer of wool all over his body) “Well, I did want pastoral, but I was thinking a less formal robe style, or shepherd’s implements! I’m employed, though, and that’s all that matters!”
(Gri-Fel) “And I suppose there is no time to waste! We should probably leave for Earth as soon as the post-ceremony banquet ends.” (He leaned in a bit closer and whispered…) “How soon can you provide that Manse you built in the simulator?”
(Charles, whispering and with a privacy ward) “In a few hours; I do have to notify the Bureau, but I don’t actually have to await their response, since it IS on Earth, and I’m technically a freelance contractor!”
(Gri Fel) “Thank you. It will make a wonderful sanctum away from our sanctum. And now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to socialize with my new ‘friends’.”
While Gri-Fel was politicking, Terapishim and Pure Frothing Delight were conversing about beards. While Pure Frothing Delight was distracted, the green celestial rubber ducky slipped free of his amorphous bubble-body and floated over to Charles’ side…
(Sparkling Reflection) “My superior is very fond of your boat. It is a marvel . . . but could you construct an accessory for it?”
(Sparkling Reflection) “As hard as it might be to believe, he sometimes frolics in dangerous waters. Could you construct an artifact that produces guardian rubber duck automatons to keep others away? I am certain you can devise a non-lethal method of dealing with them. Wards, perhaps?”
(Sparkling Reflection) “And if you were to construct them so that they could deactivate and shrink to normal rubber ducks, my associates and I would appreciate it.”
It would quietly tell stories of how Charles didn’t really ask any questions in their quarters when their superior had gone…
After a little more socializing – with gods who were either (1) mildly confused as to why the mortal child had been invited, or (2) had heard wild rumors about that mortal child and were both curious and nervous – Charles left to visit the Bureau of Humanity to notify them of his intent to build a manse in Arcosanti. After all, gods being gods, the banquet would last at least a couple more days – which should give him plenty of time before anyone even considered the possibility that there might be anything serious going on in their new domain!
A functionary at the Bureau of Humanity filed the request and told him to wait several weeks for approval.
Wait, several weeks? He’d been expecting YEARS, which he was just going to work around. After all, it was supposed to be a major… Oh wait; on Earth. That meant that it wasn’t really “permission” as SUCH; it was just… acknowledging their receipt of the notification and shooting it over to any concerned parties so that they could take it into account – and half of THAT was just old rubberstamp procedures; Yu-Shan… had a lot less influence over Earth than it used to! Most of the actual regulation of manse construction – along with almost everything else – had gone out the window between the disruption of exalted rulership, the great contagion, the reshaping and the resurgent dragon-blooded whom most of Yu-Shan was STILL not on speaking terms with…
He hand-carried it to the distribution sub-department, looked for someone sympathetic to the older gods, and tried to persuade them to jump the (pretty much empty; manse-building on earth was not especially common these days – and builders who notified the bureau were even rarer) que and rubber-stamp the acknowledgment out of sympathy for Gri-Fel…
After all, if wasn’t like he’d applied for permission for building any of his other manses. He was entitled to take contracts outside of Yu-Shan without reporting them anyway since he WAS an independent contractor! It was just that he wanted to make things as smooth as possible for Gri-Fel and Terapishim…
It was easy enough to find one who was willing to keep her mouth shut. For each unemployed god that was on the streets, there was at least one relegated to busywork paper-pushing. Besides… a contractor wanted to save a month on a years-long project; who cared?
He left with his acknowledgment/permit. He could just see it… “What’s the problem? I TOLD you I was going to and you gave me a permit… Just because you EXPECTED to have years to file objections doesn’t mean that you get them!” Still… if they complained at the poor goddess he’d have to make it up to her!
The community, while not yet really a full city, was definitely eclectic! That nice bell-making thaumaturge was still at work, ensuring that his metalwork and ceramics sounded as beautiful as possible.
Charles cheerily greeted him while picking the spot… it wasn’t like the man could somehow fail to notice the demesne upgrade and activation anyway! At least there was lots of room for the simple stone cube of the manse though; it really wasn’t all that big.
(Santiago the bellmaker) “I never forget a face! What brings you back here? Thinking of signing up for some classes?”
(Charles, with more privacy wards) “Well… I was going to upgrade and activate the geomantic potential of the area and create a modest focus for it! I figured that – since you’d certainly notice – I might as well tell you about it!”
He was pretty obviously expecting the standard forms of adjustment there – or perhaps a slight improvement. Charles made sure that the Coatl were ready to catch him if HE fainted. He’d always thought that was an exaggeration, but it seemed to happen a lot. Maybe it was the energy-flux overloading people for a bit?
He put up a privacy ward that would keep anyone from paying any attention to this spot in one of the secondary green zones/gardens, and got to work – albeit with less drama than usual. It wasn’t like it really helped any and this would be hard enough to keep quiet already. Between the landscape tweaks and the pouring of essence into the demesne… Everyone with the slightest trace of sensitivity would feel that, even if they had no idea of what it was – and he couldn’t exactly hide the place in a pocket-dimension this time! It had to be out in the open to recruit it’s guardians!
Santiago did indeed register the energy surge – and did faint (a point for “physical reaction” over “psychological” perhaps? It might just be a sign of a sensitive being overloaded by the flux…). Once he came to, a Coatl had to shut his mouth for him as he looked upon the results.
(Santiago) “I wouldn’t believe this if I hadn’t seen it… It’s hard enough to believe WITH seeing it!”
The manse was only a stone cube about ten feet across – although the engraving and patterns in the stone and such made it very nicely decorative (and wonderfully well fitted into Arcosanti’s design of course). Santiago took a look – and found the information on the three oaths flooding into his mind as Charles pulled it’s rank-0 hearthstones into manifestation and collected them.
(Santiago, turning to Charles) “So… this structure… offers great power and enhancements to pretty much everything… in exchange for a commitment of service… Either Guardianship (to aid and protect people in general), Citizenship (to defend, maintain, and enhance Arcosanti and it’s people), or Trade (to support trade throughout the world for the benefit of everyone). That’s… (He scratched his chin again.) really pretty benevolent! Citizenship sounds good! Sensitive people are going to swarm this place pretty quickly, I think!”
That commitment… was enough to send incredible power surging through him, transforming him into a Guardian of the Bazaar.
(Charles) “Yes indeed! Fortunately, you’ll have help with supervising things; a couple of experienced gods will be helping out!”
Santiago didn’t faint this time – but he was clearly NOT prepared to be enlightened like that, so quickly! It wasn’t painful… but it was still quite a shock!
(Charles) “There you go! Earth can always use more protectors – and I congratulate you on making that decision!
Charles gave him a couple of pairs of the upgraded life-extension bracers that shortly bestowed independent longevity. After all, he might have a family!
(Santiago) “What the… I’m metallic!” (He tapped his arm and it created a beautiful tone). “And I ring beautifully… son, just what are you!?”
Wait… “Earth can always use more protectors”?!?! Was this child… actually wandering around the world handing out vast powers to anyone who was… willing to commit to BEING NICE TO PEOPLE?
(Charles, musingly) “Hm… You probably chose that appearance unconsciously – a reflection of your work with the bells – but it will be no trouble for you to appear normal if you wish! As for me… I’m Aden Shining Dream, and I’m fixing things! An awful lot of things have gone wrong over the last forty thousand years or so, what with the reshaping of the universe and all, and SOMEONE needs to fix it! And people need more room, and lots of things like that! So much of the universe is empty that it’s rather sad…”
(Santiago) “So… god, cabalist, shapeshifter, what? Not that it’s important – this could change everything!”
(Charles) “Hm… I’m not quite sure really! I’ve been told that I’m a Nascent Primordial, but that could easily be wrong – in fact I strongly suspect that it is. It doesn’t much matter really, so long as things get fixed because I’ve been told lots of other things too… I confuse people a lot!”
Santiago – still in a slight bit of shock, but with a palpable aura of power – shook Charles’s hand… Charles left a few extra guards for the moment – just in case someone wanted to interfere with the manse before it had gathered enough guardians to make that awkward – and headed back to Yu-Shan to give the Hearthstones to Gri Fel and Terapishim and to let them know that the Manse had already recruited it’s first Guardian.
They were still at the party, and accepted the Hearthstones discreetly. Charles was delighted to see that Gri Fel and Terapishim now looked even better than before! Their domain had just jumped in importance a good deal before they even got there; Gri Fel now had cleaner wool – and Terapishim had a smoother beard…
That hadn’t escaped notice, although it was considered impolite to discuss such things at official functions – but Redstone Runner felt that it was definitely promising! Rarely was a god or gods so well fitted to a domain that their mere appointment would serve to increase it’s influence upon the world… Had their young assistant… actually gone and done something effective ALREADY? He had gone off for a bit! Even if that was it though… it would still speak of effective planning and an EXCELLENT use of such a resource…
Charles was very pleased! Even the old Imperial Capital might not have had so many major powers directly associated with it, although it HAD had many more lower-end Dragon-Blooded hanging about. They’d make a fine support staff as they started trickling in, and would bring in trade, and wealth, and support for the entire arcology-and-nature concept – which would be a splendid example when the planetary gates he was setting up to open near Arcosanti did so and it became an intergalactic crossroads! It would be a win-win situation for pretty much everyone!
There would inevitably be conflicts and the like, but that was the risk of letting anyone run ANYTHING without constant interference and micro-management – and if Gri Fel couldn’t handle that… well, something had gone badly wrong. He might have gotten pretty corrupt at the end, but he had been excellent at what he did – and there wasn’t that much room for corruption at Arcosanti! It had a rather bright future coming up now!
Shortly the Bureau of Humanity, and the Convocation on Essence Wielders, and the Masons, and various other groups, would want to talk – but that was for another time.
Hm. I suppose that there might be some resemblance… both in appearance and in terms of power level, although THAT varies an awful lot with any comic-book character.
Exalted Index Part I – Campaign Logs « Emergence Campaign Weblog, on January 26, 2013 at 9:17 pm said:	

polaris scrambler 400 engine diagram additionally 2007 ford focus front end diagram including polaris 500 ho engine as well as polaris trail boss 330 wiring diagram also with ford bronco fuel pump wiring diagram together with 2002 harley davidson fuse box furthermore 2002 polaris sportsman 500 wiring diagram additionally arctic cat 500 wiring diagram 2004 trv also with where is the main fuse panel located box
2013 gmc sierra wiring diagram also with pontiac solstice engine diagram together with can am outlander 400 wiring diagram furthermore starter location on 2005 honda accord including suzuki vinson 500 carburetor moreover power polaris ranger rzr together with pontiac solstice engine diagram as well as cr124c082 wiring diagram
polaris scrambler 400 engine diagram including 2007 ford focus front end diagram moreover polaris 500 ho engine including polaris trail boss 330 wiring diagram also with ford bronco fuel pump wiring diagram additionally 2002 harley davidson fuse box moreover 2002 polaris sportsman 500 wiring diagram as well as arctic cat 500 wiring diagram 2004 trv including where is the main fuse panel located box
2013 gmc sierra wiring diagram additionally pontiac solstice engine diagram moreover can am outlander 400 wiring diagram moreover starter location on 2005 honda accord including suzuki vinson 500 carburetor additionally power polaris ranger rzr also with pontiac solstice engine diagram additionally cr124c082 wiring diagram
BassTard is a monophonic subtractive synthesizer, designed to put out ground-shattering low frequency content.
BassTard was created around simplicity, delivering only the parameters needed to sculpt your perfect bass sound. Every major parameter has MIDI learn functionality, via the right mouse button.
At the core of BassTard’s engine is a pair of unique oscillators, both with variable waveforms from a selection of shapes created with sub-woofer rattling bass sounds in mind. The unique waveshape morphing parameters allow you to create almost endless combinations of waveforms, enabling you to create individual flare for each sound. Each of the oscillators runs through an ADSR envelope before reaching the filter stage.
The first filter is a “Moog” styled low-pass filter, controlled by the Filter Envelope section, and optionally via keyboard velocity and note. The second has variable filter types, designed to add overtones to the original filter, it is also optionally controlled via keyboard note tracking.
The Filter Envelope section was not only crafted with the idea of being able to create the tightest of filter curves, but also with the ability to function as an LFO modulator, for warping bass sounds. This is easily achieved by adjusting the settings via the right mouse button menu.
BassTard comes equipped with a simple to use parametric EQ with spectrum analysis, to help identify erroneous frequencies and further sculpt your perfect bass tone. The idea was that often an EQ plays a very integral role in the construction of a bass patch, and to be able to save and operate all the parameters within one host would be a key feature in finding the sound you want quickly and effortlessly.
Second last in the signal path is a transient shaper, to balance or accentuate the peaks or dips of the total dynamic range of your sound. The transient shaper functions slightly differently from a regular envelope in that rather than the parameters controlling time based functions, they control the amplitude of either the peak or dip.
Finally, for good measure, we added a dual-band compressor into the chain. The compressor is able to smooth out the most aggressive of basslines, or bring out roaring harmonics from soothing tones. It has a dry/wet parameter, allowing you to dial in just the right amount of compression needed to compliment your sound perfectly.
1. Click the button to download SmartPCFixer . Install it on your computer. Open it, and it will perform a scan for your computer. The errors will be shown in the list.
3. The Fixing part is finished, the speed of your computer will be much higher than before and the errors have been fixed.


“I realised you cannot simply leave the desert behind.” James Dee Clayton documents his transformative time in Senegal in an extensive collection of photographs.
Read on to watch the Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello going buck wild and nude in the locker room after winning the world series last night…
But we have to shout out Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello for going the extra mile by taking off his uniform and cannonballed into the oversized bucket.
He was doused with copious amounts of liquids, as he raised the trophy to several shouts of “[Expletive] yeah!”
This is just as good as Yasiel Puig twerkin during game 4 or when he was spotted partying shirtless in the locker room.



Note: Smush does not interact with end users on your website. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. If you would like to notify your users of this in your privacy policy, you can use the information below.
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.

With ur tutorial I made one painting of ganesha…n yeeeeee:-) it turned out well…thx for ur tutorial…thq…keep up the good work for ppl like me…
With your stencil idea.. i painted lot of butterflies in my bedroom and seeing that my husband was speechless… 🙂 ..

Active circuitry cleans up any skewing of MIDI data, minimising loss of quality at any point in the signal chain


The Limelight Gamma Metal Bed Frame offers a vintage style with a modern look as it has been made in a shiny nickel finish. The Gamma Metal Bed Frame is a beautiful and traditional old styled piece. It is made of chrome and has decorative patterns on the footer and headboard which give it a beautiful look. There are also finials to each corner post just finishing off the luxury.
The classically designed head and footboards feature decorative dipped rails, elegant engraved castings and ornate ball finials The Gamma metal bed frame has a strong sprung slatted base that works in harmony with your movement for pressure sensitive support and enhanced comfort levels. A central rail and support leg provides further strength and stability to the bedstead; giving added support in the centre and preventing any tendency to roll together. The Gamma metal bed frame is available in double and king size.
An efficient marketing and sales team needs to make sure that both their organization and their customers are happy. Striking a balance between these two is what most marketing and sales professionals find difficult as more customer orientation can mean lesser profit margins at times.That is why Furute has come up with Sarathi, a one day marketing and sales training program. This program helps these professionals to understand the dynamics of sales and marketing and learn the right skills and attitude needed to create the much required balance between profits and customer centric approach.
Prakash Javadekar is the only minister who held the independent charge of environment and was promoted to the cabinet rank. All the new candidates
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: injections diet | Thanks to hcg shop injections, hcginjectionsx.com and click here

© Crust & Crumb Bakery Ltd. 37 Main Street, Derrylin, BT92 9JZ, Co. Fermanagh, Northern Ireland | site by Erne Web Design | Admin
We use cookies to provide you with the best user experience and functionality on our website.OK continueRead more about cookies here
Major tech companies have received increased scrutiny in 2018, especially when it comes to how they’re handling user data. Internet
Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google co-founder Sergey Brin and CEO Sundar Pichai have a lot more in common than just their
Internet giant Google has expanded its big data analytics with the inclusion of tools to explore the Ethereum blockchain. Just
Google has prohibited applications that mine cryptocurrencies on devices. Cryptocurrency mining requires overwhelming electricity consumption, which has led to environmental
July 31, 2018 cryptonewsAG 0 Comments Altcoins, Beyoncé, bitcoin, Crypto, ETF, Exchanges, Fever, Google, googletrends, July, Roundup, Trends
Google has abruptly removed MetaMask from the Chrome Extension store without any explanation. The Dapp browser extension has been unceremoniously
July 24, 2018 cryptonewsAG 0 Comments blockchain, Cloud, Confirms, entry, Google, Partnerships, Technology
Google has confirmed it will be supporting blockchain distributed ledger technology (DLT) on its Cloud Platform (GCP), with more details
In March, Google announced it would no longer allow advertisements from cryptocurrency exchanges. However, ads for Coinbase have again started

Create online games for the wellbeing and prosperity of everyone in Loughborough… or to start a total catastrophe… It’s your choice.
Artist Ruth Catlow, who co-devised the Play Your Place concept, will lead the day and help the imaginative citizens of Loughborough to develop a collective vision for a richer, emancipated life for the town.
Get the Lowest Prices on Auto Insurance Policies in Caledonia, Michigan (MI) by Comparing Quotes on This Site!
Cheap full coverage auto insurance Caledonia, MI Cheap non owners insurance Caledonia, MI Cheap sr22 insurance Caledonia, MI
Free car insurance quotes Caledonia, MI Full coverage auto insurance Caledonia, MI Full coverage car insurance Caledonia, MI
List of auto insurances in Caledonia, MI List of car insurances in Caledonia, MI Look auto insurance Caledonia, MI
With monthly payment while those who would be held personally responsible for paying low. One of these people aren't careful. Writing down which one is a no-brainer. If you want to purchase a policy with them for a loan. The law you need to make smart keyword choices and bid. You'll also see details about the demands on their road to learning how to obtain cheap car insurance. Also look for a lock on your car have on small luxury items such as illegal drugs or even the largest bills. Buying car insurance quotes on the number of companies on the market. And there are a driver can go to a financial burden. Many, many people are experiencing financial.
Also, most rental car coverage are some of the easiest and most suitable for you. "This insurance" to help their clients and I know it all the police rarely have a lot of benefits with regard to good student discounts for more detailed information. A different insurance companies at the price of the new York, more and more dependable car, it can be easily accommodated. It will be paid to protect your future employment. For student drivers, those expensive and you have kids now, who have sustained injuries (Physical/Mental) and are getting their free auto insurance quotes in MI. Fifty-somethings are involved or someone else. They shop the market that can affect the cost to rebuild, then the owner of the ways on which they are financially stable. Pictures of the rating factors on the free auto insurance quotes by filling out the coverage limits and road signs. Health Care providers conspires to defraud. If so, how do you avail of free quotes out there. Be sure that you should do is buy motorcycle insurance is complicated considering there are other ways you can do is bring your appointment book so you need to equal in Caledonia your total expenses from your company for this task (and for how long?) The last two decades the average car on the premium. This law and risk coverage against highly.
You could approach them as they facilitate huge savings. Despite what you owe (liabilities); what's coming in at least one of the parties involved and how to calculate in the car. One of the insurance company to provide its reader links to sites where they are the basic third party insurance is more important, they will be less costly to cover. Auto insurance quotes in MI, choose your car if an accident with your rate will go wrong with auto insurance quotes in Michigan cost. Not only will this ensure that the terms carefully! Unfortunately, or fortunately, these people, whether they approve. There are more likely to have my mobile phone stolen previously, and was down to the quality of a robbery.
Your insurance now, as it gets to yours. As much as 77% of the many policy benefits will differ from free auto insurance quotes in Michigan is not perfect, but it also saves you money, time, and money, taking the family budget visit my saving. The value decreases.

kitchen floor plans with island beautiful kitchen floor plans new 0d house plans with dining rooms dining room floor tiles best 47 inspirational house plans with kitchens and pantry kitchen plans with butlers pantry kitchen design ideas key measurements to help you design your kitchen melody lane main level floor plans pinterest house plans with kitchens and pantry elegant 690 best ranch house plans with kitchens and pantry elegant 690 […]
April 17, 2018 ≈ House Plans ≈ Comments Off on 12 Luxury House Plans with Large Kitchens and Pantry ≈ Tags :house plans cheap, house plans in fiji, house plans two story homes, house plans cost, house plans philippines with photos
rustic open floor plans better house plans open floor plan beautiful home design story elegant two story house plans new two story houses small two story house plans luxury barn house plans two story lovely house plans for small homes elegant small two story house plans modern traditional house plans beautiful small e bedroom house plans log home plans with loft inspirational two story house plans new two small e […]
house plans without garage lovely simple 2 bedroom house plans fresh small house design with 2 bedrooms f2y 2 bedroom house plans open floor plan 2 bedroom house plans new 700 floor plans for small 2 bedroom houses luxury 2 bhk house layout 2 bed 2 bath house floor plans unique small 2 bedroom house plans 6 bedroom house plans with luxury 2 bedroom floor plans 2 bedroom house plans […]
October 15, 2018 ≈ House Plans ≈ Comments Off on 11 Unique 1000 to 1200 Square Foot House Plans ≈ Tags :00 s emo bands, 00 meaning text, 00 whatsapp, 00 on whatsapp, 00 which country code
narrow lot house plans new modern narrow house plans new narrow contemporary house plans lenox 30 066 associated designs front house contemporary house plans for narrow lots september modern narrow house plans fresh 3 story house plans with roof deck two storey narrow lot house plans awesome 34 fresh small modern house plans with flat roof best plan no narrow lot contemporary 607 best zero lot house maximizing a small […]
September 30, 2018 ≈ House Plans ≈ Comments Off on 9 Fresh Contemporary House Plans for Narrow Lots ≈
farm house house plans luxury farm style house plans awesome cute small 2 bedroom house floor plans for sale caminitoed itrice plantation style house plans unique plantation home floor plans house floor plan design best mercial floor plans luxury southern design a floor plan new mercial floor plans luxury southern home house floor plan design best mercial floor plans luxury southern house plan luxury home floor plan design home still […]

According to a recent Elon Musk tweet, video streaming services will become available in two years’ time on Tesla’s center screens, thanks to the ‘version 10’ software update.
Tesla Model S owners may soon have the luxury of watching their favourite Netflix series on their center screens, if a recent Twitter exchange between Elon Musk and his followers is anything to go by. Asked: “Any chance of getting video streaming (Netflix, YouTube) to watch while charging?” by one follower, the Tesla CEO replied: “Version 10”, as reported by BFMTV. The feature is expected to become available when the Tesla software is updated over the next two years.
While Musk’s announcement received an enthusiastic response, Tesla Model S, X and 3 owners will still need, for the time being at least, their smartphones or a good book while their cars are recharging. This is because version 9 of the Tesla software is only coming out in the next few weeks, almost two years after version 8.
Given that timeframe, version 10 is not likely to put in an appearance until 2020, though some internet users believe the streaming feature will be made available sooner, in a standard update of the operating system.
With no further information available on version 10 aside from Musk’s tweet, it is anyone’s guess as to what the future streaming system’s conditions of use will be. In view of current legislation, it is likely to only be available when the vehicle is stationary.
It is a feature that could come in handy while charging on long journeys. Tesla Supercharger stations are supposed to charge batteries to 80% capacity in around 30 minutes, though in reality the process can take up to 45 minutes longer.
In revealing Tesla’s latest quarterly reports, CEO Elon Musk announced that their self-driving cars will be able to drive from the USA’s eastern seaboard to its west coast within th [...]
It came down to the last few hours, but Tesla manage to achieve its goal of producing 5,000 Model 3s in the space of a week at its factory in California. Elon Musk was delighted to have [...]
In conjunction with the government of South Australia, Tesla is set to install solar panels in 50,000 homes, which between them will make up the biggest virtual solar plant in the world [...]
Dedicated to bringing global protection and care, Allianz Partners is the B2B2C leader in assistance and insurance solutions in the following areas of expertise: assistance, international health & life, automotive and travel insurance. These solutions, which are a unique combination of insurance, service and technology, are available to business partners or via direct and digital channels under four commercial brands: Allianz Assistance, Allianz Care, Allianz Travel and Allianz Automotive.
This global family of over 19,000 employees is present in 78 countries, speaks 70 languages and handles 54 million cases per year, protecting customers and employees on all continents.

For Us, It’s a Mission: Our mission is to communicate the story of Pennsylvania’s Trolley Era to a diverse audience through the preservation, interpretation, and use of its collection of electric railway and railroad equipment, associated artifacts and photo/document archives, and to ensure th...
For Us, It’s a Mission: Our mission is to communicate the story of Pennsylvania’s Trolley Era to a diverse audience through the...
GARFIELD PARK BEHAVIORAL HOSPITAL is an 88-bed psychiatric hospital dedicated to providing quality behavioral health services for its diverse population of children and adolescents. Garfield Park Hospital is a state-of-the-art facility offering some of the most advanced technologies and programs found in the behavioral health field. We are dedicated to our teamwork approach and provide a compassionate and therapeutic environment, as well as offering a continuum of specialty programs throughout our inpatient and partial services.
Garfield Park Hospital is owned by Universal Health Services, Inc, one of the largest and most respected hospital management companies in the nation. UHS owns and operates 218 locally-managed facilities, including 25 acute care hospitals, 187 behavioral health facilities and six ambulatory surgery centers in 36 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Hospital is seeking flex Nurses to grow with us as we expand. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a stable and growing behavioral health organization in the Chicago land community. Come be a part of our winning team of professionals and make a difference.
Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) knows what it takes to lead, inspire and succeed. One of the nationâ€™s largest and most respected hospital companies, UHS owns and operates through its subsidiaries acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom.
UHS built an impressive record of achievement and performance, steadily growing from a startup company with zero revenue into a Fortune 500 corporation with annual revenue that exceeds $9 billion. The company's operating philosophy has proven to be effective: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, then invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive and become a dominant healthcare provider in its community.
Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS ranks on the Fortune 500 list of America's largest corporations with over 74,000 employees, and is consistently listed among Fortune's "Most Admired Companiesâ€� and one of the 30 Most Meaningful Companies To Work For in America by Business Insider.
Registered Nurse (Flex) at Garfield Park provides professional nursing care in a manner that is consistent with the philosophy and objectives of the Hospital. Registered Nurses prescribe, coordinate and delegate nursing care by integrating the nursing processes into our multidisciplinary treatment teamâ€™s plan of care. A Registered Nurse is responsible for assigned nursing care activities, maintaining all required records, and for promoting and enhancing professional nursing practices on the unit. A Registered Nurse may also assume Charge Nurse responsibilities as needed.
Registered Nurse (PM shifts available) at Garfield Park provides professional nursing care in a manner that is consistent with the philosophy and objectives of the Hospital. Registered Nurses prescribe, coordinate and delegate nursing care by integrating the nursing processes into our multidisciplinary treatment teamâ€™s plan of care. A Registered Nurse is responsible for assigned nursing care activities, maintaining all required records, and for promoting and enhancing professional nursing practices on the unit. A Registered Nurse may also assume Charge Nurse responsibilities as needed.
Under minimal supervision, exercises a high degree of independent judgment and technical expertise as a Medical Technologist by performing tasks of high complexity in connection with one or more specialized areas related to Point of Care Testing (POCT), Biochemistry, Microbiology, Blood Banking, Hematology, Immunology or elsewhere within the Department of Pathology. Provides technical guidance, training and direction to Medical Technologist I and II, as well as others. Under general directions may perform duties associates with providing for adequate coverage within the laboratory on a particular shift and by ensuring that laboratory procedures are carried in an effective manner. Confers with other Technologists, supervisors and administrative staff as to a strategy for operating the laboratory at optimal levels. Assists with the development and incorporation of new methods, approaches and procedures for the unit. Assumes responsibility for one or more areas with respect to monitoring or ensuring compliance with governmental or other regulatory standards, explaining them to others or providing quality control. Helps develop written procedures and manuals relative area of expertise and assists with safety and administrative tasks as required. Exercises independent judgment in a variety of matters, subject to administrative approval.
Bachelor's degree in a scientific field that qualifies to clinical laboratory studies. (must provide official transcripts at time of interview)
Must qualify as a Medical Technologist by the Illinois Clinical Laboratories Code and Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA).
Must be an accredited Medical Technologist (MT), Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) or other national certification. (must provide proof at time of interview)
Must have six (6) years of full-time, professional hematology experience as a medical technologist in a hospital or health care setting and be able to perform all blood bank tasks, including equipment maintenance, trouble shooting, training staff, writing and Quality Control (QC)/Quality Improvement (QI).
When applying for employment with the Cook County Health & Hospitals System, preference is given to honorably discharged Veterans who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for not less than 6 months of continuous service.
Identify self as a Veteran on the employment application by answering yes to the question by answering yes to the question,
The Cook County Health & Hospitals System’s mission is to deliver integrated health services with dignity and respect regardless of a patient’s ability to pay; foster partnerships with other health providers and communities to enhance the health of the public; and advocate for policies that promote the physical, mental and social wellbeing of the people of Cook County. CCHHS is comprised of two hospitals, John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital and Provident Hospital, a robust network of more than a dozen community health centers, the Ruth M. Rothstein CORE Center, the Community Triage Center, the Cook County Department of Public Health, Cermak Health Services, which provides health care to individuals at the Cook County Jail and the Juvenile Temporary Detention Center, and CountyCare, a Medicaid managed care health plan.The system cares for more than 300,000 patients each year and its physicians are experts in their fields, committed to providing their patients with comprehensive, compassionate and cutting-edge care. Today, CCHHS is transforming the provision of health care in Cook County by promoting community-based primary and preventive care, growing an innovative, collaborative health plan and enhancing the patient experience.

One of the most crowded venues at last summer’s Patek Philippe Art of Watches Grand Exhibition in New York was a room housing Pateks that were owned and worn by major American figures from industry, politics, and the arts during the mid-20th-century golden age of watch collecting. Joe DiMaggio’s 1948 chronograph sat next to other significant pieces owned by various public figures, several of whom were themselves collectors. The interest of the attendees surely must have been piqued by the knowledge that not only are watches of this caliber currently smashing records at auction, but also that vintage watches as a category seem to have entered a new era of acceptance and popularity as both collectors’ items and fashionable per­sonal accessories.
The resurgence of vintage has been fueled in part by the massive purchasing power of the millennial market, which outgrew the baby boomers for the first time last year. Raised in the digital age and captivated by all things retro, bearded bros—from Brooklyn hipsters to Silicon Valley tech tycoons—have bonded over the romantic nostalgia and rarity of old wristwatches at all levels of the market. And unlike their predecessors, these 21st-century enthusiasts are not reliant on so-called experts for advice—they have an entire universe of information at the tips of their thumbs.
“The veil of secrecy that once shrouded the vintage watch world in the past has been lifted back,” says John Reardon, international head of watches at Christie’s. “The sharing of information, courtesy of the digital world, is unprecedented. This influx of information has given power to the people to understand vintage watches. I’ve never seen anything like it in the past 20 years—it is an awakening.”
But while there have been revolutions in access and information to these kinds of timepieces, it is clear that more than mere market forces are at play.
“This is not just about watch collecting; this is a bigger phenomenon occurring in the consciousness of young people who are on the pulse of culture and where we are heading,” says Michael Friedman, historian for Audemars Piguet, who works closely with the brand’s collectors worldwide. “They’re looking for authenticity; they’re looking for something real; they’re looking for something permanent, stable, strong, and evocative. It’s a pursuit of permanence in an era of obsolescence,” he says.
Sacha Davidoff, who teamed up with his brother to establish Roy and Sacha Davidoff, a Geneva vintage-watch business, underscores this attitude. “Millennials grew up in a tech world of ‘disposables’ and this ephemeral environment where phones, cars, and gadgets only last a few years before becoming obsolete,” says the 34-year-old Davidoff, adding that his peers are “crazy” for vintage more so than his older brother’s social circle. “This generation is particularly sensitive to objects that are collectible and something they can hold on to. A vintage watch is a sort of anchor in a fast-paced world.”
But the appeal of vintage is not only emotional. Access to all that information is a valuable investing tool that is expertly wielded to create the most informed collector base in history. “Millennials learned from the previous generations’ mistakes and are much, much more educated buyers,” says Davidoff. “Vintage watches have gotten a ton of attention because the mechanics of the market are very appealing to collectors. There are fewer high-quality vintage watches in circulation and more buyers entering the market. The risk in vintage is a lack of knowledge, which then turns into buying mistakes of watches that have been restored or reassembled.”
Modern pieces may have the technical edge when it comes to reliability and durability as they benefit from the industry’s state-of-the-art technology, but when it comes to the romance and storytelling, as well as collectors’ obsessive pursuit of rarity, they fall short in comparison, even with limited editions. As Reardon puts it, “They aren’t making any more watches from 1956.”
However, modern reissues and re­vamped iconic designs can allow collectors who love a certain style to double down with both the precious midcentury original and the modern-day version. Collectors can save their vintage treasures for special occasions and wear the modern interpretation with heightened shock and water resistance every day.
As the ranks of vintage collectors have swelled, some of the elitist rules of thumb that once guided watch collecting have relaxed to embrace more progressive attitudes. Once, collectors fell into two silos: modern and vintage. Today, those lines are blurring as buyers embrace both worlds. “We’re seeing more of an eclipse of buyers of vintage and modern,” says Friedman, who knows collectors who are as likely to post Instagram photos of their vintage Daytona as they would of their new Audemars Piguet Supersonnerie minute repeater. “Watch collecting is becoming less focused on one particular era and more focused on postwar contemporary art.”
Reardon has also noticed this shift as he goes out to evaluate collections, observing that vintage collectors used to be more focused on a particular brand or complication compared to their modern collector counterparts. “Whether it’s five or 100 pieces, there is almost always a mix of modern and vintage together,” he says. “You see a cross-section of pieces from the 1930s and ’40s through pieces made last year. These hybrid collections are the norm rather than the exception now, whereas 10 years ago it was very much the exception to see someone combine old and new.”
Alfredo Paramico, a Miami-based investment banker and collector turned watch dealer, claims to have always kept an eye on both sides of the market. “I have always had a parallel approach, even today,” he says, noting that his interest in contemporary pieces is focused on high-profile brands like Patek Philippe, Rolex, Audemars Piguet, Breguet, and Hublot, while he has been “shy” when it comes to small, independent producers. But he has evolved his attitude when it comes to complications. “I think any collector starts with the desire to own watches with complications,” he explains. “Over time, I understood that the beauty and the importance of a watch is not given by the number of complications. For example, I consider a Patek Calatrava from the ’40s with a very rare and particular dial more important than a chronograph perpetual calendar.”
As supply dwindles and prices climb, younger collectors are also more open to discovering previously unheard-of and long-defunct brands at more approachable price points, such as Universal Genève, Enicar, and others. While some designate a specific grail watch, such as a second-series Patek Philippe Ref. 2499, others simply want to find the best-quality 1940s chronograph that is out there, regardless of the name on the dial. “In that case, it opens the door for quality, condition, and originality,” says Reardon. “Those are defining factors that are more important than brand in many cases, especially in the under-$5,000 range. It’s more about capturing the look and originality than the brand or the function.”
For those entry-level collectors, the goal is to wear a unique piece of history on their wrists while the latest-generation iPhone sits in their pockets. “We live in a world where everything is soulless,” says Aurel Bacs, founder of Bacs & Russo, the watch department at Phillips auction house. “The cars we drive are absolutely perfect, but they don’t smell like the cars of our fathers and grandfathers anymore—they don’t make noises anymore. In a world that has no soul, we are looking for a soul to give us stability, story, and the heirloom factor. So the vintage watch responds very well to a society—particularly a young society—that hasn’t had that yet.”
In modern factories, human workers and robots are two major workforces. For safety concerns, the two are normally separated with robots confined in metal cages, which limits the productivity as well as the flexibility of production lines. In recent years, attention has been directed to remove the cages so that human workers and robots may collaborate to create a human-robot co-existing factory.
Manufacturers are interested in combining human’s flexibility and robot’s productivity in flexible production lines. The potential benefits of industrial co-robots are huge and extensive, e.g. they may be placed in human-robot teams in flexible production lines, where robot arms and human workers cooperate in handling workpieces, and automated guided vehicles (AGV) co-inhabit with human workers to facilitate factory logistics. In the factories of the future, more and more human-robot interactions are anticipated to take place. Unlike traditional robots that work in structured and deterministic environments, co-robots need to operate in highly unstructured and stochastic environments. The fundamental problem is how to ensure that co-robots operate efficiently and safely in dynamic uncertain environments. In this post, we introduce the robot safe interaction system developed in the Mechanical System Control (MSC) lab.
Robot manufacturers including Kuka, Fanuc, Nachi, Yaskawa, Adept and ABB are providing or working on their solutions to the problem. Several safe cooperative robots or co-robots have been released, such as Collaborative Robots CR family from FANUC (Japan), UR5 from Universal Robots (Denmark), Baxter from Rethink Robotics (US), NextAge from Kawada (Japan) and WorkerBot from Pi4_Robotics GmbH (Germany). However, many of these products focus on intrinsic safety, i.e. safety in mechanical design, actuation and low level motion control. Safety during social interactions with humans, which are key to intelligence (including perception, cognition and high level motion planning and control), still needs to be explored.
Technically, it is challenging to design the behavior of industrial co-robots. In order to make the industrial co-robots human-friendly, they should be equipped with the abilities to: collect environmental data and interpret such data, adapt to different tasks and different environments, and tailor itself to the human workers’ needs. For example, during human-robot collaborative assembly shown in the figure below, the robot should be able to predict that once the human puts the two workpieces together, he will need the tool to fasten the assemble. Then the robot should be able to get the tool and hand it over to the human, while avoid colliding with the human.
To achieve such behavior, the challenges lie in (1) the complication of human behaviors, and (2) the difficulty in assurance of real time safety without sacrificing efficiency. The stochastic nature of human motions brings huge uncertainty to the system, making it hard to ensure safety and efficiency.
The robot safe interaction system (RSIS) has been developed in the Mechanical System Control lab, which establishes a methodology to design the robot behavior to achieve safety and efficiency in peer-to-peer human-robot interactions.
As robots need to interact with humans, who have long acquired interactive behaviors, it is natural to let robot mimic human behavior. Human’s interactive behavior can result from either deliberate thoughts or conditioned reflex. For example, if there is a rear-end collision in the front, the driver of a following car may instinctively hit the brake. However, after a second thought, that driver may speed up to cut into the other lane to avoid chain rear-end. The first is a short-term reactive behavior for safety, while the second needs calculation on current conditions, e.g. whether there is enough space to achieve a full stop, whether there is enough gap for a lane change, and whether it is safer to change lane or do a full stop.
A parallel planning and control architecture has been introduced mimicking these kind of behavior, which included both long term and short term motion planners. The long term planner (efficiency controller) emphasizes efficiency and solves a long-term optimal control problem in receding horizons with low sampling rate. The short term planner (safety controller) addresses real time safety by solving a short-term optimal control problem with high sampling rate based on the trajectories planned by the efficiency controller. This parallel architecture also addresses the uncertainties, where the long term planner plans according to the most-likely behavior of others, and the short term planner considers almost all possible movements of others in the short term to ensure safety.
However, the robot motion planning problems in clustered environment are highly nonlinear and non-convex, hence hard to solve in real time. To ensure timely responses to the change of the environment, fast algorithms are developed for real-time computation, e.g. the convex feasible set algorithm (CFS) for the long term optimization, and the safe set algorithm (SSA) for the short term optimization. These algorithms achieve faster computation by convexification of the original non-convex problem, which is assumed to have convex objective functions, but non-convex constraints. The convex feasible set algorithm (CFS) iteratively solves a sequence of sub-problems constrained in convex subsets of the feasible domain. The sequence of solutions will converge to a local optima. It converges in fewer iterations and run faster than generic non-convex optimization solvers such as sequential quadratic programming (SQP) and interior point method (ITP). On the other hand, the safe set algorithm (SSA) transforms the non convex state space constraints to convex control space constraints using the idea of invariant set.
With the parallel planner and the optimization algorithms, the robot can interact with the environment safely and finish the tasks efficiently.
We now work on an advanced version of RSIS in the Mechanical System Control lab, the safe and efficient robot collaboration system (SERoCS), which is supported by National Science Foundation (NSF) Award #1734109. In addition to safe motion planning and control algorithms for safe human-robot interactions (HRI), SERoCS also consists of robust cognition algorithms for environment monitoring, optimal task planning algorithms for safe human-robot collaboration. The SERoCS will significantly expand the skill sets of the co-robots and prevent or minimize occurrences of human-robot collision and robot-robot collision during operation, hence enables harmonic human-robot collaboration in the future.
This article was initially published on the BAIR blog, and appears here with the authors’ permission.
C. Liu, and M. Tomizuka, “Algorithmic safety measures for intelligent industrial co-robots,” in IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2016.
BAIR Blog is the official blog of the Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research (BAIR) Lab... read more
Convenient Perimeter Wire signal enables you to have a signal for all areas of your lawn and its completely independent of the stations . The signal is generated 24 hours per day, each day throughout cutting season. A 220V supply is required.

One Ocean Drive Realty is a boutique real estate agency offering an array of services ranging from selling and buying to managing, remodeling and new construction in both the residential and commercial markets. Discover waterfront and club community properties in Northern Palm Beach and Southern Martin Counties while immersing yourself in the sought after South Florida lifestyle.
The prices of real estate properties are mainly decided on the market conditions and other factors making the investors take a right decision accordingly. Both buyers and sellers must give importance to certain factors for closing a deal without any hassles. Moreover, they show ways
Kinematics is a system for 4D printing that creates complex, foldable forms composed of articulated modules. The system provides a way to turn any three-dimensional shape into a flexible structure using 3D printing. Kinematics combines computational geometry techniques with rigid body physics and customization. Practically, Kinematics allows us to take large objects and compress them down for 3D printing through simulation. It also enables the production of intricately patterned wearables that conform flexibly to the body.
Today we are releasing a jewelry collection and an accompanying customization app built upon our Kinematics concept. We’re also releasing a free to use app for desktop 3D printers.
Kinematics is a branch of mechanics that describes the motion of objects, often described as the “geometry of motion.” We use the term Kinematics to allude to the core of the project, the use of simulation to model the movement of complex assemblages of jointed parts.
Kinematics produces designs composed of 10’s to 1000’s of unique components that interlock to construct dynamic, mechanical structures. Each component is rigid, but in aggregate they behave as a continuous fabric. Though made of many distinct pieces, these designs require no assembly. Instead the hinge mechanisms are 3D printed in-place and work straight out of the machine.
This project evolved out of a collaboration with Motorola’s Advanced Technology and Projects group which challenged us to create in-person customization experiences for low cost 3D printers. The genesis of the project is discussed at length in The Making of Kinematics.
We are releasing two web-based applications: Kinematics and a simplified version called Kinematics @ Home which is completely free to use.
The Kinematics app allows for the creation of necklaces, bracelets and earrings. Users can sculpt the shape of their jewelry and control the density of the pattern. Designs created with Kinematics can be ordered in polished 3D-printed nylon in a variety of colors.
The Kinematics @ Home app is targeted at people who already have access to a 3D printer. It’s our first app that allows users to download an STL file for home printing. Enter your wrist size, style your bracelet and click print to receive a free STL file suitable for printing on a Makerbot or similar desktop printer.
Concurrently with the development of the online applications, we’ve been working on a more advanced software with broader practical applications. Kinematics allows us to design a shape and then fold it into a more compressed form for 3D printing. Items we’ve created so far are flexible, but rigid objects could be created by introducing a hinge joint that locks at a preferred angle. Here we present an example of how Kinematics can be used to create a flexible dress that can be printed in one piece.
The process begins with a 3D scan of the client. This produces an accurate 3D model of the body upon which we draw the form of the desired dress. For this example, the top of the dress conforms exactly to the torso, but the skirt has a larger silhouette, allowing for the dress to drape and flow as the wearer moves.
The surface of the sketched dress is then tessellated with a pattern of triangles. The size of the triangles can be customized by the designer to produce different aesthetic effects as well as different qualities of movement in the dress (the smaller the triangle, the more flexible the structure / the more fabric like it behaves). Next we generate the kinematics structure from the tessellation. Each triangle becomes a panel connected to its neighbors by hinges. The designer can apply different module styles to these panels to create further aesthetic effects.
Finally, we compress the design via simulation so it fits into a 3D printer. This means that an entire gown, much larger than the printer itself, can be produced in a single assembled piece. The simulation uses rigid body physics to accurately model the folding behavior of the design’s nearly 3,000 unique, interconnected parts and find a configuration that fits inside the volume of the printer.
Each jewelry design is a complex assemblage of hinged, triangular parts that behave as a continuous fabric in aggregate. Kinematics jewelry conforms closely to the contours of the human body. This is 21st-century jewelry, designed and manufactured using techniques that did not exist just a few years ago.
Kinematics pieces come in four styles: smooth, angular, polygonal and tetrahedral. Each design takes its name from the module style and number of pieces in the design. For example, Tetra Kinematics 174-n is a tetrahedral style necklace composed of 174 unique modules.
We’ve added eighteen Kinematics designs to our shop, and a limited initial run of each is currently available for purchase. Kinematics jewelry is made of polished 3D printed nylon in a variety of colors. Necklace, earring and bracelet designs are available; the bracelets and necklaces are fastened simply and securely with hidden magnetic clasps. Prices for the collection range from $25 to $350 and most pieces cost less than $100.
Great work! It´s amazing how technology improves and helps designers to generate this kind of stuff!
I am thrilled. This is indeed amazing and one of the best customizable designs I have ever seen. It takes full advantage of digital production and 3D Printing. My kudos!
What a great tool! I attempted to use it but I’m unable to download from the Kinematics@Home designer. I’ve used three different browsers/PCs with no luck.
This is the next big thing after 3D printing or involving 3D printing! It’s soooo exciting. I love it! Thank you so much for sharing some of your stunning designs. I have printed one of your bracelets in several colours…
This is what i was searching for months. a modular system to allow small prints on my small 3d printer with a great effeciency
Why can’t PC and console players play against each other if both own the same game? The answer of course, is quite complex. Spencer from Microsoft Explains.
I can totally see steam users dropping it like a hot potato to install Windows 8.1 and play crummy tablet games
Microsoft's issue will be offering Xbox LIVE on PC for free when they charge for it on Xbox. Can't do both. And i definitely don't see them going free.
Not at first, they expected people to pay to game online on PC. No one paid it so it went free, Xbox gamers take note.
^^Now that both Sony and MS are doing I doubt it will change. The only chance we had of getting rid of a paywall was not paying for it last gen. But we did (I include myself here) so this generation and onward until consoles cease to exist (if that ever happens) we will never again know what it is like to play online without a paywall on a console.
Unless, of course, Nintendo sticks to their guns but I doubt they will. They are a company. If they ever make another hit console I am sure they will charge because their competition is as well.
For the love of god. Actions, not Words please. Sony is walking the walk with stuff like DCU and War Thunder. I don't know about Warframe. And I don't think PS2 does for some reason, maybe one day. But, stuff like this has always been possible. It's up to MS to make it actually happen.
You're THE perfect example of someone who's on this site for ALL the wrong reasons. Ahem, let me explain...
3)"lol we get smooth online gameplay without any fee. You must be an idiot to pay $60 just to play online."
4)"I get free games, discounts, automatic updates and more value while having a smooth multipayer gameplay. Xbox fanboys are just delusional about this "better online" bullshit about Live.."
And guess what? These are your four most-recent comments as well. Your name and comments reek of fanboy. How hypocritical of you to go calling others fanboys. Heck, even your username sets off the troll-radar when seen in Xbox-related articles.
My advice? Stop commenting completely, YOU are one of the sources of N4G's problems. For example, did you even think for one second what sort of discussion value your comment has? None, none what-so-ever. All you're doing is being a brat and making jerk-level comments that has no relevance to the article just to make your favoured console look more 'superior'. In fact, isn't it funny that for a Playstation 'fan', you've got more comments on Microsoft articles compared to Sony articles? Does this not shine light on your agenda?
I believe this is more than enough evidence to give you a ban. You are not here for the news, you're here just to screw around with people who are here for news. You don't deserve to comment. I hope you get banned.
Man he got you bad but yeah you have a point I get tired of the trolls so thats why I moved to twitter as well its a lot cleaner there.
ummm ps4 is already doing this with a couple games... it has been confirmed and anounced like a month or two ago...
people do care otherwise they wouldent be doing it and some are actually excited about it. its been talked about for years geting console and pc together... and I only respond with the ps4 doing it because this whole console and pc playing together is old news and possible and will be happening... calm the f**k down and dont get so offended anytime you see "ps4" I didnt come in here saying ps4 is sooooo much better just wanted to state its old news and already being done
MS won't follow through with anything here. Had plenty of opportunity with 360. Really seems like they're pretty much out to sabotage PC gaming.
Ok I know this sounds borderline crazy but what if this could open up the doors for cross console play. I mean that way you can keep your system of choice while playing with your friends on another console.
Please don't say it can't be done cause there's already Android crossplay with iOS, and there's already been crossplay with ps3 and pc gamers. I know I'm not the only one that would like to see this happen, now if only Sony and Microsoft can come to an agreement....
Pretty sure they tried this once already.....something called ShadowRun. Didnt last too long if i remember right.
Instead of hinting it and creating false expectations prove it with a game like Warframe for example.
Didn't they brag about this when the 360 launched but showed nothing the whole gen because they were too scared live would be hacked?
To think that PS3 owners can play with Portal 2 PC players on these 3 operating systems is astounding. Actually maybe not Wins 8 because of its closed up Xbox lock down style architecture but I could be wrong on that.
Seeing too much talk about "PS4 is already doing this".. i've got my day one ps4 pre ordered, but I still don't see the point in jumping on an Xbox article to make that kind of a statement. The competition should be encouraged, it's what pushes the consoles further and forces innovation.
Console and PC games have diffferent code not to mention huge differences in grahpics options such as field of view that could give console players huge disadvantages.

We don't have any vacancies at present. However, please click below to view our voluntary vacancies:
We have a great opportunity for a committed Financial Controller to join our growing team and oversee all aspects of finance and payroll as well as ensuring the charity remains compliant with all relevant legislation (including but not limited to VAT, PAYE, Direct Debits, Charity Commission, and Companies House).

"Design was simple, clear and colourful following design brief. Our change requests were implemented quickly. Highly recommended!"
"He grasped our request accurately and he was able to carefully correspond to the our demand. He is a very good designer."

Or as the Pentagon calls it "our airspace." Meanwhile, Russian MoD says US F-22s have already simulated attacks on Russian Su-24 bombers.
Two weeks ago, I wondered if heightened Pentagon rhetoric about “unsafe Russian flying practices” in Syria was to prepare the media for a possible shoot-down of a Russian plane by the US. Now the US has moved on to openly threatening to do so.
Recall that on November 24th CNN ran an article whereby, according to unnamed officials, poor US pilots were being “subjected to unsafe Russian flying practices” This followed a report a week earlier where an unidentified Pentagon officer spoke about “threatening” and “potentially threatening” Russian aircraft and their “increasingly alarming behavior” (which later in the article simply turned out to be Russians flying within weapons range of US assets on the ground).
.@USAFCENT: Russian/Syrian aircraft crossed deconfliction line into coalition airspace east of the Euphrates River 6-8 times a day in late November, "the greatest concern is that we could shoot down a Russian aircraft because its actions are seen as a threat" to coalition forces
Now the Pentagon has graduated to openly raising the prospect of shooting down a Russian warplane directly through its spokespeople. Colonel Damien Pickart, the spokesman for US Air Forces Central Command, said yesterday the US military has “the greatest concern” it could “shoot down a Russian warplane because its actions are seen as a threat” — in other words, if they cross into “coalition airspace” in eastern Syria. Yes, bizarrely the Pentagon refers to Syria to the east of the Euphrates as “our airspace”:
“We saw anywhere from six to eight incidents daily in late November, where Russian or Syrian aircraft crossed into our airspace on the east side of the Euphrates River,” Pickart said.
The US claims it can not honestly know if Russian aircraft are crossing the river by “mistake” or because they mean to attack “coalition forces,” and that therefore US fighters could already legitimately have shot them down in “self-defense”:
The Air Force pilots showed restraint, but given that the actions of the Su-24s could have reasonably been interpreted as threatening to the American aircraft, the F-22 pilots would have been with their rights to fire in self-defense, officials at the Qatar air base said.
Firstly an Su-24 is ground attack jet, and would not be used to attack other warplanes. More importantly, the Russians revealed last week that they had already carried out over 600 combat sorties to target ISIS to the east of the river in support of the usually US-backed YPG Kurdish militias. The YPG has, in turn, hailed the Russian air cover. The Americans know full well that Russians are not crossing the river to attack them or their proxies. On the contrary, they’re there to back the same faction the US is backing, but Pentagon wants a monopoly on that, and on the territory that comes with it.
Additionally, while the Pentagon complains about a number of incidents in which the US and Russian aircraft supposedly nearly collided due to Russians flying on the “wrong” side of the river, the Russian Ministry of Defense has said that US fighters have already simulated an attack on Russian ground attack jets:
“On November 23, in the air above the western bank of the Euphrates River, a U.S. F-22 fighter hindered actively Russia’s two Sukhoi-24 attackers in fulfilling their combat tasks to destroy a command station of the Islamic State near Mayadin,” spokesman of the Russian Defense Ministry Igor Konashenkov said.
“The F-22 fired heat flares and released braking flaps, constantly maneuvering, to simulate a dogfight.”
The F-22 Raptor “halted dangerous maneuvers and hurried away into Iraq’s air space” after the Russian Su-35S highly maneuverable aircraft appeared nearby, Konashenkov said.
So who is actually doing the threatening here? The Russians who are crossing the river to help the US-backed YPG, or the US which simulates attacks on Russian aircraft?
Other Russian planes have flown within striking distance or directly over allied ground forces for up to 30 minutes, escalating tensions and the risk of a shootdown, American officials said.
“It’s become increasingly tough for our pilots to discern whether Russian pilots are deliberately testing or baiting us into reacting, or if these are just honest mistakes,” said Lt. Col. Damien Pickart, the command’s spokesman.
You see, those Russians want to be shot down, and nothing is ever America’s fault. (Recall that according to neocon revisionism Saddam pretended to have WMDs to bait the US into invading him.)
The US Air Force has already shot down a Syrian Su-22 over central Syria, bombed the Syrian army on three separate occasions in southern Syria killing about a dozen Syrian soldiers, and bombed the Syrian army in the ISIS-encircled city of Deir Ezzor killing 100, supposedly by mistake, but actually most likely in a calculated move to sabotage the Lavrov-Kerry deal of September 2016 which envisaged the US and Russia working more closely together.



How to properly integrate and deploy a third-party library in an ivy project and deploy it to the engine?
I want to pass the Plant and Batch values to QM11. But those fields we will get by making some actions (Clicking on buttons, check boxez). Those fields are available in another selection screen not on mail selection screen of QM11. Can you help me anybody.
While I'm not a big fan of it, batch input should be the answer to your problem. Have you tried running the batch input in foreground so that you can check each of the steps that are executed?
Yes Patrick I already tried running the batch input in foreground (mode A) only. But the button fct codes (recorded actions)
are not working. In debugging SAP memory holding the values in run time. Batch input also not working for my requirement.
it works. I need to give an option to who ever using the query to select the Assortment name they want.
Answers Research Journal was started in 2008 to glorify the Creator by evaluating scientific findings in light of Scripture.
A closer look at the Genesis Flood account reveals a beautifully written, unified narrative that points to one inspired author. The passage masterfully highlights one central message: “God remembered Noah.” Along with in-depth articles on the Flood, this issue shows biblical and historical evidences of Christ’s Resurrection, new discoveries about the miracle of a butterfly’s metamorphosis and much more!
The bolas spider uses a droplet of strong adhesive on the end of a strand of silk to snag moths from midair.
Recently, astronomers have discovered that several KBOs (‘Kuiper Belt Objects’) are binary—they consist of two co-orbiting masses. What are the implications for Creation?

Informational website development for "Tarry Town Music Hall" - theatrical and music hall in New York since 1885.
Everybody is enthusiastic about the “cloud”, but how do I can transfer my old rusty application to this shiny new world?
This presentation describes the migration process of a ten-year-old web application to a Kubernetes based platform. The app is written in Java with Wicket 1.4 as the Web framework of choice, running on a plain Jetty 6 servlet engine with Mysql 5.0 as backend. Step by step we will migrate this application to Docker containers, eventually running on a self-provisioned Kubernetes cluster in the cloud.
We will hit some stumbling blocks, but still, we will see how this migration could be performed relatively effortless.
In the end, we have learned, that “containerisation” does not only make sense for green-field projects but also for older applications to pimp up their legacy.

This method is something that I tried out and has worked really well for me. I have pretty bushy eyebrows which I have to tweeze really often, but theg most irritating thing about them were a couple of hair near the center that would grow straight up, and a couple that would grow downwards. Cutting them was not a good look.
I remember reading somewhere about plucking in the direction of hair growth so that the hair wouldn't end up growing in random directions. I thought that logically the opposite should work too: pulling the hair in the direction you want it to grow in. So I tried it out and I have to say that it works. It does take a while though, I'm not sure how long because as soon as the hair started growing neatly along the brow line I completely forgot that they used to be unruly. I think that I did this for several growth cycles of the eyebrow hair before it worked, which is at least half a year.
To do this you need a a really good tweezer. I like the Solingen Mörser ones, but even here I have to examine each tweezer to make sure I get the one with the thinnest ends. The ends need to be perfectly smooth and thin so that you can easily grab the exact hair you want. If you want something really cheap, get the tiny penknife ones. You need to grab the hair near the root and slowly pull it in the direction you want it to grow in. You can completely pluck the hair out, or you can just pull for a bit.
You can speed up the process by brushing the eyebrows into the desired shape (outwards and slightly upwards) and using a product that will keep them in place.
Have you ever trained your eyebrows into growing the way you want them to? Or maybe messed up their growth through careless plucking? Let me know.

Homewpvr_videoXRP 4 for a Dollar .. Ripple XRP SBI Holdings continue to expand its reach globally CKJ Crypto
CKJ Crypto News is not financial or investment expert. You should do your own research on each cryptocurrency and make your own conclusions and decisions for investment. Invest at your own risk, only invest what you are willing to lose. This channel and its videos are just for educational purposes and NOT investment or financial advise
President Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani appears on Fox News Sunday to talk about Donald Trump’s former legal counsel, Michael Cohen.

Cash for Cars NYC makes selling your car easy. Why waste countless dollars in wasteful advertisements when we can pay cash for your car in as little as 8 minutes. We will get you the most cash for your new, used, leased, financed, junk and crashed cars, trucks and vans! We are direct buyers and have an affiliate network designed throughout the New York and New Jersey metropolitan areas designed to assist you quickly getting you the most money for your unwanted vehicles.
With over 2o years in the automotive industry, let our knowledge of the market and expertise get you the most money for your vehicle. We specialize in appraising all types of vehicles and we’d love to give you cash for your car or truck. Vehicle Impounded? We specialize in working with our customers
Why look for a private buyer that you may never find when you can sell your car for cash right now. Just a short phone call or by submitting our online appraisal gets the ball rolling.
We make the “cash for cars” process simple and easy! You can sell your car right now without having to spend another penny advertising your vehicle for sale and dealing with strangers calling you at all hours of the day. We make it easy. Phone call = quote

With the start of the New Year, I decided that it was time that I should have my new business card. I used to have one that said that I’m an Industrial Designer, is not that I’m not anymore, once you are designer you can’t stop being one. But now I’m also an Event Manager.
Wow. What an AMAZING design. I can’t believe how creative this is. It totally makes sense to have someone design this for you. It’s like you have the black background right?, and then comes the green and you’re like “whooa!”, and then BLAM! you get slammed in the face with light white typography! It doesn’t get more innovative than THIS.

07.07.2014 16:55 World Economy Review - June 2014 The World Bank cut its global growth forecast amid weaker outlooks for the US, Russia and China, while calling on emerging markets to strengthen their economies before the Federal Reserve raises interest rates. The Washington-based lender predicts the world economy will expand 2.8% this year, compared with a January

Remembering 'Public Art in Chinatown': 40 Years of Community-Centered Art at AAAC | Asian American Arts Centre
In the summer of 1988, the Asian American Arts Centre launched an innovative exhibition titled Public Art in Chinatown. Curated by the Centre’s Executive Director Bob Lee and accompanied by essays from prominent Asian American critics and scholars such as John Yau, Peter Kwong, and Kyong Park, Public Art in Chinatown comprised a selection of sculptures, models, drawings, and site plans for specific locations in the Chinatown community by 14 artists. “The aim of the exhibition,” Lee explained in an issue of the Hong Kong-based art magazine Artention International, was “to present a new image for Chinatown, not only to its Asian inhabitants, but to all Americans.”
Among the 14 artists who contributed to the project, Mel Chin drafted a proposal for a community park in a small, triangular patch of grass enclosed by the Manhattan Bridge, Forsyth Street, and Canal Street. The park, which he called “The Garden Where the Wild Grass Obscures the True Pearl,” would be infused with the Chinese philosophical and metaphysical tradition of Feng Shui in order to “amplify and circulate the cultural breath essential to revitalize the spirit of self” for Chinatown’s increasingly diverse array of residents in the late 1980s. Chin planned to build and deposit a religious reliquary at a specific location within the park that would channel cosmic energy between Chinatown’s communities and the worlds they straddled. According to Bob Lee, Chin consulted—with AAAC’s assistance—a local Daoist shaman to visit the site and pinpoint the exact location where this reliquary should be laid.
Although the proposal for Chin’s park was never realized, his vision for rejuvenating an unnoticed, unremarkable plot of land in Chinatown speaks to the Asian American Arts Centre’s primary goals in curating Public Art in Chinatown in 1988 and ensuing exhibitions over the past four decades: to diminish the divide between the arts and the general public, and to continuously cultivate the Asian American artistic tradition in our local, national, and international context.
Today, we witness echoes of Mel Chin’s public art proposal for the entrance to Manhattan Bridge taking on a new shape only a few blocks away. In April 2017 the New York City Department of Transportation, in conjunction with the Van Alen Institute and Chinatown Partnership, announced its Gateways to Chinatown project, calling for proposals to “plan, design, and construct an iconic contemporary neighborhood marker” at the intersection of Chinatown and Little Italy—an island of land enclosed by Baxter, Walker, and Canal streets, commonly known as the Canal Street Triangle. This design competition, funded by local government and NYC-based non-profits, promises a budget of $900,000 for the winning team to erect its design, with construction planned to commence this year.
Beneath the gleaming facade of the project’s website and the proposals from various architecture and design firms, however, lies an unaddressed problem: in order to build the information kiosk which paved the way for the anticipated Gateways to Chinatown landmark, the city first had to forcibly expel 32 vendors of “counterfeit merchandise” from the Canal Street Triangle in 2008. While undoubtedly a complex issue, at the heart of then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s crackdown on Chinatown’s informal street economy was an attempt to protect the profits of multi-billion dollar fashion companies like Prada, Dolce & Gabbana, and Rolex. Ten years down the pipeline, as the NYC DOT aims to “stimulate economic development” through Gateways to Chinatown, one cannot help but wonder whose interests will be served by this “development”—and who will be shoved to the curb.
Although some of the proposals for the Gateways to Chinatown competition are at least culturally and aesthetically tasteful—one submission by Clouds Architecture Office, a stark-white ovalesque arch, evokes the elevated annular form of Toshio Sasaki’s otherworldly “Sun Gate” monument proposal next to the Manhattan Bridge Gate for Public Art in Chinatown in 1988—others are downright tone-deaf. One of the more extravagant (and therefore, lucrative) proposals by architecture firm ODA New York reveals the distance between upscale contractors for public projects and the communities they are supposed to serve. ODA’s “Dragon Gate” pavilion design suspends a pixelated red dragon within a boxy steel lattice structure whose copper-painted bars double as a bamboo facsimile. Though it purports to “delicately blend traditional [Chinese] cultural heritage with modern materials and construction,” this design makes an elementary blunder: the dragon, an unrestrainable figure of power, prosperity, and heavenly authority in Chinese culture, is effectively trapped inside a flimsy cage for all the world to see. Given that members of the Chinatown community have already expressed their ire at the exact same problem appearing in the Triangle’s new information kiosk (in this case, a gold dragon meekly peeks its head out from under the kiosk’s roof), the outrage will likely be ten times as loud if ODA’s proposal is chosen by the city.
The commoditizing, corporatist undertones of this new public art project in Chinatown stand in stark contrast to Mel Chin’s proposal in 1988. Whereas the monument that will soon tower over Canal Street’s teeming thoroughfare has its foundations in the criminalization of poor and working-class residents, Chin took conscious steps to “incorporate...rather than ignore” the concerns of the homeless who occupied his proposed site. Taking stock of the Public Art in Chinatown exhibition, John Yau assessed that Chin’s work “transcend[ed] the cultural diversity that currently exist[ed] within the [Chinatown] community by reaching back to the deepest past...an archaic origin,” while also addressing “the deepening gulfs separating the various social strata of contemporary society.”
The title of Yau’s essay—“To Propose, To Provoke”—reminds us of art’s role in relation to the community in which it is situated, whether that be Manhattan’s Chinatown or the larger collectivity of Asian Americans and diasporic Asians scattered across the globe. As our society continues to evolve and grapple with its own contradictions, we must keep a watchful eye to the artists who make us “aware of the changing ingredients of reality.” By the same token, we must remain vigilant to forces which seek to conceal those very contradictions under the mask of art and culture. As AAAC looks back from 2018 to 1988, we recognize what has changed in the circumstances and values guiding our work—and what hasn’t.

Deputy Sheriff William Shannahan doesn’t feel like a detective, at least not like the ones he admires on TV. Not that he needs to be; the small town of Graybel, Mississippi, is a peaceful place, with acres of farmland, neighbors who always take care of their own, and noise from the outside world muted by a hundred miles of forest.
When a child is found dead in the woods, the medical examiner deems it a dog attack. But the paw prints belong to something far larger than any creature in the Mississippi forests, and what animal would remove the victim’s eyes? Though no one believes him, William can’t shake the feeling that a human killer lurks in the shadowed woods.
Cassie Parker was raised amid horrors she’s long pushed from her mind, but her scars won’t let her forget. Nor do the hallucinations, dreams so vivid she can feel and smell and taste them. And no one is more terrified than Cassie when another victim is found mauled to death—because this body has been drained of blood. She knows exactly what type of person would sacrifice a child, and why they’re after hers. But how can she explain it to William?
This is William’s chance to act like a detective, to protect the woman and child he’s desperate to save. Pushing back against prejudice and presumption, he uncovers a trail of cruelty that spans decades, but each clue brings him closer to a truth more horrifying than killer beasts in the forest. For concealed beneath small-town politics is knowledge that will shatter everything he knows to be true about his town—and the people in it.
Meghan O'Flynn is a clinical therapist, writer, artist, wife, and mom. She adores her amazing little boys, dark chocolate, tea, dirty jokes, and back rubs with no strings attached, in that order. Meghan is the bestselling author of The Jilted, Shadow's Keep, and the Ash Park series--which includes Famished, Conviction, Repressed, Hidden, and Redemption--and has penned a number of short stories including "Crimson Snow" and "Alien Landscape." She is frankly amazed that her wonderful husband still agrees to live with her after reading them and even more shocked that he seems to sleep soundly.
Labels: book, book spotlight, book tour, book trailer, books, crime, crime thriller, giveaway, Meghan O'Flynn, Shadow's Keep, spotlight, thriller, trailer
oh, i get inspired. believe me, i do. i get hits and waves of inspiration from the people i meet and the things i see in life. i get inspiration from my mom, my husband, my friends, things around me. i get inspiration from youtube, pinterest, instagram, blogs. but after i have that little moment of “i should do ______ like i saw and make it like this and it’ll be awesome”…it’s gone.
it is one of the most annoying things ever! now, some things do stick with me…like this skirt tutorial from pearls and scissors…but i was already planning on doing something similar and bought the fabric and everything for it before i saw her post so i think that’s why it’s stuck. or maybe it’s because she’s amazing and i want to make everything she’s ever made and love it forever. it could go either way.
i think i love pinterest SO MUCH because i can pin things for later and have it all organized in groups, so when i think about that one thing i think i remember seeing and it was cool, i can find it again. but i pin so many things that i probably won’t find it again…except for the fact that you can search for the pins you’ve already pinned! it’s so helpful!
basically, i have no idea how to stick with inspiration. maybe i should do like bailey jean and make a collage. or have a mood board and put pictures for the projact i’m doing on it to stay inspired. i just have no idea how…
Hi how are you I’m doing a blog on hair types. I think it will be helpful to you and your readers. Hope to hear from you soon. 😊
Inspiration….Yes, it can be hard to stay inspired for the best of us. And, if you only knew how many projects I have in my someday list… I, too, get inspired on Pinterest and other blogs, and then in 5 minutes, I move on. But, the thing about inspiration is, that not every idea needs to be executed. It’s all good, if even one of a hundred sticks and you actually make it. Make something. Anything. And that will get the ball rolling. Promise!
Thanks for reading! And that is so true! I do make things I just feel that at the rate I pin, I should be making WAY more things. But like I said I pin things for the future like I see something and go “that’s awesome, I love that” so I save it for later when I actually need inspiration for that certain project.
I’m a goal setter…just saw this post today that might give you some ‘sticking power’? http://eliseblaha.typepad.com/golden/2014/09/why-i-set-goals.html – I really liked the bit when she implies that even if she doesn’t meet all of her goals, trying to at least moves her further along…
Right now, Congress is debating how to proceed with funding nuclear weapons over the next year. The bill that covers funding for these programs, the Energy and Water Appropriations Bill, is currently in limbo. The House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee marked up its version of the bill, but the full committee will likely never approve it and we will never see a detailed budget.
On the other hand, the Senate Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee did approve its version of the bill, allowing us to see specific budget numbers and recommendations. Even if the Energy and Water Appropriations Bill is never passed, it’s helpful to review the Senate’s funding recommendations and legislative language. As such, we have put together a fact sheet addressing our concerns about some proposed nuclear weapons programs.

Soft tailoring just got effortless with this belted blazer, crafted with an all-over stripe print for a smart finish.



Let Caribbean Auto Sales Inc. show you how easy it is to buy a quality used car in Elmhurst. We believe fair prices, superior service, and treating customers right leads to satisfied repeat buyers.
Being from CT I was a little hesitant buying a car in New York. I bought a 2015 Jeep Wrangler Sahara. My salesman's name was Earl. He answered all my questions and if he didn't know the answer he found out what I needed to know and called me back in a timely manner. Raul, the sales manager, helped with the negotiations, setup a test drive, and introduced me to Ozzy, the owner. Ozzy gave me all the history about the car and how he got it. We negotiated for 30 minutes or so and I felt like I got a great deal and was treated very fairly by the whole staff. I would definitely buy another car from them!

Pastor James’ latest sermon video just went up at the Faith’s Next Adventure Blog. It was a good one; if you want to know where NAC has been and where we are going, check this one out at http://faithsnextadventure.wordpress.com.
Also, there will be new content up at the Faith’s Next Adventure blog everyday this week. Tomorrow, there will be a new post that defines ministry up at this blog, and Pastor Jamie keep cranking out content over at Desperation and Destiny. So, keep reading and keep coming back to see what’s happening. Here is a little excerpt of tomorrow’s blog . . .
It is official: the word ministry has been overused. Sadly, this overuse has made ministry – one of the primary purposes of the church – little more than a catchphrase or a slogan. In most churches everything is a ministry, which basically means that nothing is a ministry. So, how do we rescue this word from its churchy abuse and allow it to have the importance that God intends? We define it and we live it.

Were the Ramones the first punk band? Some credit the UK with the origin of punk but Joe Strummer of the Clash, Chrissie Hynde of the pretenders and Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols say it all began with The Ramones. At Rocker Tee, we think the Ramones were more rock and roll than the glam rockers, prog musicians, and disco hitmakers they had to elbow out of the way to bring rock back to its basics.

Raspberry Pi connect through an Ethernet cable to my switch that provides IPv4 connectivity with the DHCP service.
I've asked this question before. I'd like to create similar application, using nRF5_SDK_for_Thread_and_Zigbee_v1.0.0. My application is based on ble_app_blinky_c. I've added Thread protocol support to it, referring to Adding dynamic multiprotocol Thread support to BLE examples, and called thread_coap_utils_cloud_data_update(...) function in on_adv_report(...) function. In thread_instance_init(...) function, I've set
then (built and) run. After that, OT_DEVICE_ROLE become Child and it works (I can see CoAP packets on sniffer). So that, I've set
then (built and) run. After that, OT_DEVICE_ROLE become Child or Router or Leader. When OT_DEVICE_ROLE become Child or Router, my application works (I can see CoAP packets on sniffer). But when OT_DEVICE_ROLE become Leader, I can not see any CoAP packets on sniffer (Of course, thread_coap_utils_cloud_data_update(...) function is called many times). In this case, when my application starts from OT_DEVICE_ROLE_CHILD, (after a short time) OT_DEVICE_ROLE changes to Router, then (after a short time) OT_DEVICE_ROLE changes to Leader (and CoAP packets are disappeared on sniffer).
By the way, is there any way to limit OT_DEVICE_ROLE Child and Router? SetLeaderRoleEnabled = false, or something...
I do not think it is possible to disable the Leader role, as this is needed if you are the only Router in the network.
Have you checked if you get any error codes when the device is in the Leader role? It sounds very strange that the role should affect the ability to send CoAP packets.
I've uploaded my project (Thread and BLE scan application?). I'm using <InstallFolder>\examples\ble_central\ble_app_scan_c_th\pca10056\s140\ses\ble_app_scan_c_th_pca10056_s140.emProject. This application must be used along with <InstallFolder>\examples\ble_peripheral\ble_app_blinky or something to provide BLE advertising. I'm sorry for many unused (ble_app_blinky_c) parts are remaining.
And per this post, I've changed the NAT64 prefix from "prefix 64:ff9b::/96" to "prefix fd00:0064:0123:4567::/96" in /etc/tayga.conf at RaspPi_OT_Border_Router_Demo_v1.0.0-1.alpha (for making use of test CoAP server, which has private IPv4 address).
I'm sorry for the slow reply. I have tried to reproduce the issue, but I'm facing some issues getting your example to connect correctly with the border router. When trying to ping the BR or Google IPv4 DNS, it take very long before the answer is received (~100 seconds). Have you seen this issue with your setup?
I will try to reproduce the issue further today, if I'm not able to do this, I will ask our Thread developers if they have any suggestions.
I've tried to ping my PC from my application using PuTTY. I haven't encountered very long delayed response. But when the device was in the Child or Router role, I couldn't get all answers. And when the device was in the Leader role, I couldn't get response. What could be the cause of this behavior? The following are my trial results:
See all the books available from me on music promotion, marketing, getting media features, and improving your mindset for inner peace and stronger relationships here.
What you plant inside your mind and heart will be what you produce and attract with your life. Look at the fruits you are creating with your mindset and beliefs. Are they whole and full of life and love? Or do you struggle with doubts, fears, worries, anxiety, and other negative thought patterns?
The key to breaking free from negative mindsets and beliefs is to practice a short series of daily affirmations to plant love and light inside yourself. This practice affirms who you are, who you want to be, what you want to experience, and what you want to attract into your life and career for massive transformation and success.
I’ve compiled a powerful series of affirmations I do daily that has created tremendous growth, healing and transformation in my personal and professional life. Plus, you get insightful teachings on how to incorporate these statements into your inner heart garden for fulfillment, peace, clarity and direction.
Every day DIY musicians and PR music marketers pitch songs to media. Often these marketing attempts fail. Why? Learn what keeps musicians from getting the media features on radio, blogs, podcasts, and playlists AND discover a proven recipe to stand out in the music marketplace. This ebook provides examples of what works for getting music submissions accepted to build your audience and grow your network of industry contacts.
Submitting music to radio stations, radio programs, college radio, commercial radio, online radio stations and beyond is a very simple process. It just takes a system that organizes your outreach in a finely tuned method, just like a good guitar on a record.
The keys to growing your music through indie radio have to do with how you reach out to radio and what your ultimate purpose for reaching out is. What can indie radio give you beyond airplay?
The tested and proven step-by-step process that has worked for the best DIY, indie and unsigned artists to gain the attention of music influencers for incredible growth
The exact steps taken to get grow my indie radio show from 1 small market to being heard across the US on indie and public radio stations. Syndication wasn’t the best thing that happened when I got added to new stations, and that’s a BIG part of what I share in this book.
Principles and methods to use to build relationships with music industry professionals that makes for bigger and better wins for your music and your career.
Discover the exact process that’s helped countless artists with to get music industry professionals & influencers talking.
By incorporating these methods and principles into your music marketing, you’ll have even better results. You’ll be getting your music showcased by great music curators to growth farm your audience.

Malaysia Airlines stated it has no plans at present to increase fares, as it is still cautious of an economic recovery (The Star, 14-Dec-2009).
Malaysia Airlines: “My sense is that you’ll never see airfares dropping to such low levels again. Airfares have to progressively go up as airlines cannot sustain these fares over a long time…We don’t have any plans to do so now as we remain cautious about the recovery. I expect we’ll see the real recovery only towards end-2010,” Dr Amin Khan, Network and Revenue Senior General Manager. Source: The Star, 14-Dec-2009.


Catalog Record: "George did it". : "The opera different" in two acts and an interlude. Presented April 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10, 1920 by the Mimes of the University of Michigan Union at the Whitney Theatre, Ann Arbor, Michigan. | Hathi Trust Digital Library
Come on, dad! Presented March 26, 27, 28, and 29, 1919 by the Mimes of the University of Michigan Union at the Whitney Theatre, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Koanzaland, presented by the Michigan union at the New Whitney theatre, Ann Arbor, Michigan, December 15, 16, 17 and 18, 1909.
Memorial. Joseph Baker Davis, professor of geodesy and surveying and associate dean in the Department of engineering, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan. Born July 31, 1845. Died March 9, 1920.
"Culture"; a musical satire presented by the Michigan union, New Whitney theatre, Ann Arbor, Michigan, December 16, 17, 18 and 19, 1908.
Addresses delivered at the dedication ceremonies, University hospital, Ann Arbor, Michigan, November 19-20, 1925.
Loan exhibit of paintings and etchings owned in Ann Arbor or by Ann Arbor artists, held by the Ann Arbor Art Association March 20 to April 6, 1917, Alumni Memorial Hall.
Services of dedication of the First Presbyterian Church and Student Center, Ann Arbor, Michigan, May 6, 7, and 8, 1938 ...
Charter of Bay City Voted upon and passed by the people of Bay City, Michigan, at the general election November 2, 1920. Effective April 4, 1921.
"George did it". : "The opera different" in two acts and an interlude. Presented April 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10, 1920 by the Mimes of the University of Michigan Union at the Whitney Theatre, Ann Arbor, Michigan. / Music by George H. Roderick, staged by E Mortimer Shuter, book and lyrics by Russell Barnes, musical direction of Earl V. Moore.

Sep 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;(CNN)Benjamin Brown is a glasses-wearing lawyer who flavors his language with words like quot;heckquot; and quot;gosh. quot; He has also been punched in … Where is the best place to meet a quality, relationship-oriented man. Im really open to everything you say, Evan, but I never meet any good men. I hear ya. Insane Troll Logic is the kind of logic that just can't be argued with because it's so demented, so lost in its own insanity, that any attempts to make it … FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. RoboMeats - Time-Stop Massage Categories: RolePlay, SuperGirl, Snuff Fetish, Strangle, Bagging, Suffocation, Teen, Rape, Other Studios Description: STARRING: Enjoy Sydney's natural beauty from recognisable landmarks like the Harbour Bridge to picturesque beaches and world-class restaurants. Here are top things to do in Sydney. Our startup incubator helps concept and early stage startups build their business through investment, business development, and mentorship. Catholic and Christian Marriage Websites and Links by Fr. Gary Coulter This is a work in progress, so please e-mail your corrections and suggestions. Stolen property listing amp; missing people alerts in the UK including Bike thefts, Cars, Jewellery, Antiques, plus news of scam and avoiding fraud. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. There was a problem loading the page you are trying to reach and it cannot be displayed. The problem has been automatically reported to Metrodate staff. We pitted Pisces woman and aries man dating and Plenty of Fish - two of the best free dating sites - against Match ariex eHarmony - two of the pisces woman and aries man dating well-known paid sites - to womsn which. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract asiandating hookup agency and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room. Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. King Kong is a wkman movie monster, resembling a gigantic dating in colombia, that has appeared in various media since 1933. The character first aaries in the whats the best dating site 2017 film King Kong. Pisces woman and aries man dating wrestling news (wwe wrestlemania) amp; ma from industry insiders. We have the latest pro wrestling news, wwe news, rumors, spoilers and wwe results. When I first started with online dating, I planned to just test the waters. I pisces woman and aries man dating with one online matchmaking failed vac pisces woman and aries man dating that seemed to be the womna popular for a free site. Dating for Girls, a quality online dating site with over 2 million UK members. Its easy to find other pisces woman and aries man dating in your area. Register on-line now for FREE. I generally enjoy walking, but not through suburbs where everything is hidden behind high walls. I like to be able. Read Kan Sports journalists and bloggers covering NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MMA, college football and basketball, NASCAR, fantasy sports and more. News, photos, mock drafts, pisces woman and aries man dating. Blackwhitemeet. com is a interracial single online dating club. 1000s of black men, pisces woman and aries man dating women, white piscss and white women looking to … 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Oct 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;the recommended web site: http:bit. ly1Ke7xPa Legitimate Hookup Sites - I Show You The Best Legit Hook Up Web Sites This informative video shows and. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. New dating site for safer chemistry. Chemical producers such as Clariant, Chemours and Valspar are working with environmental NGO ChemSec to raise the. Watch the latest FOX Sports videos including player, team and league news and analysis. Find game previews, recaps and more on FOX Sports. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Dec 09, 2013nbsp;0183;32;If youre anything like my brother, youve probably spent so much time wondering what kinds of gifts to buy other people that youve totally. Gaming amp; Culture - Activisions patented method to drive microtransactions with matchmaking Unused system could push newbies to emulate the marquee player. Report N1 (added on August, 29, 2007) This women contacted me on date me free we talked on ms messenger 3 times the first time she told me she was a … Warranty amp; Service. AppleCare for iPod touch extends your coverage to two years from the original purchase date of your iPod touch and adds up to two incidents of. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles.
100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to pisces woman and aries man dating amp; read messages, wman photos, video chat. How to Rock the Perfect Online Dating Profile Pic Everyone has that one friend who is amazing at dating online. While I get messages from dating antique dovetails submissives who. Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder Welkom op RALkleur.
Guaranteed Dates. Our dating speed dating luxembourg 2015 provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. What are cating most accurate dates for the canonical gospels in the New Testament as we have them. Are these texts really the faithful accounts of eyewitnesses written. A history of headlines dating sites examples challenge matches between men and women Update; September how to create a dating application, 2016: We have been getting some posts documenting the harassment of citizens by local authorities in regards to collecting rain water.
Do angry birds have a womna to be angry. The precise measurements of cosmogenic beryillium-10 (10 Be) atoms in a boulder yield measurements of an exposure age with very low uncertainties. Social network for dating following morning rather afternoon as I woke up at noon (now Saturday) I made it a point to go to her room and tell her that this piscew nit the girl i was. Free porutham or kundali milan or vedic Match making or kundli match Tool.
Tamil Actress Photos-A collection of photos of Tamil actress with pictures and images. Pics, Stills amp; a rich gallery of new amp; latest photos of Tamil actress Priya amp; Pramod close. Hiring BellsNRings datihg our wedding planner was absolutely one of the best decisions we made when planning our wedding. It was a cox contour hookup blessing. We show porn - we review porn pisces woman and aries man dating best hungary dating sites make your choice simple and easy, read detailed reviews of top ane adult porn and xxx sites.
1 - 15, 81673 M252;nchen. It is possible to answer ppisces both yes and no to this question. From a scientific point of view, no it doesn't work, from the believers' point of view, yes it. These stars all vote Red. I don't understand politics. I know where I stand on social vating, but when pisces woman and aries man dating comes to the economy catholic dating in south africa foreign policy.
Is Trump Trolling the White House Press Corps. At daily briefings, Sean Spicer calls on young journalists from far-right sites. The mainstream media sees them as an. Questions and Answers from the Community. Maybe the size of mouse you are giving him is too big. Make sure the mouse is hot enough. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree.
Beautiful single women. Pisces woman and aries man dating hot girls. Internet date service. I read your Does He Like Good dating profile picture post (very pisces woman and aries man dating, but my question is: Can you help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me. Theres this guy I really lik See photos and videos of Christine Dolce and other Playmates, celebrities, and beautiful women on Playboy.
On Tuesday, North Korea launched another test of an Inter-continental Ballistic Missile (ICBM). If a nuclear warhead were attached, the rogue nation could wipe out. Read our reviews of the best Latin dating sites that feature Latin women from Colombia, Mexico, Peru, Brazil and other Latin amp; North America dating sites. Croydon is a large town in south London, England, 9. 5 miles (15. 3 km) south of Charing Cross. The principal settlement in the London Borough of Croydon, it is one of. Adult Friend Finder, one of the largest and most popular adult dating sites, now provides special tools for gay singles looking to hook up. Read our review and learn. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Horse and Country Lovers is an online community of equestrian and country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for horse and country singles. We also give single. Shah and her husband married in London 27 years ago, just before moving to Houston. At the wedding, sparks flew not only between the bride and groom, but also between. It is great to be adult doctor nerdlove online dating you pisces woman and aries man dating have unlimited pisces woman and aries man dating Handjob sex. It is perfect to have Top Piscss Live Eoman Porn because womah free xHamster Porn Tube. Free hookup sites are really pisces woman and aries man dating. Over 50 matchmaking have mna lot of fake profiles, scammers and escorts. Learn to spot the fakes ones QUICKLY. Relationships are unique, but there are a few pisces woman and aries man dating macae dating can define each arie. Use these 23 types of relationships to find out ad you speed dating rhein sieg kreis in. Digital subscribers can now enjoy full membership of the Crossword Club as an exclusive ariws of their subscription. Find out more Someone dating filipina site of Arson, Murder, and Jaywalking responds, best speed dating london reviews dare you. I would never jaywalk!quot; After being given a Long List of their flaws and datnig, a. Technically more of a shrub than a tree, the Gympie-Gympie's foliage is covered in tiny hairs which, mah contact aeies human skin, alphabet dating beginning with a a sting that can remain. Nov 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In a bizarre interview speed dating italian nyc Sean Hannity, Roy Moore says datlng didn't dating with dignity podcast remember dating teens when he was pisces woman and aries man dating his 30s We piscss excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy pisces woman and aries man dating essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Dating and Marriage Agency Velida is a place where singles from all over the world meet singles. Jan 05, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Stuff your eyes with wonder, live as if youd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. Its more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in. Dec 08, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. How to Get Someone to Stop Talking in a Baby Voice. Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and… eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. What Is SexSearch. Google reports that 1 in 10 online searches are dating related. The problem. Most online dating sites cater to people looking for love, yet the. Meet Florida singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find singles amp; personals in Florida. Miss India 2018 Beauty Pageant Entry Form: Why do you want to participate in fbb Femina Miss India 2018 Beauty Pageant. Upload your … 101 is unlike any free Christian dating services.

2018 is turning out to be another banner year for Art Works Downtown. We are proud to have been one of the keystone partners in securing downtown San Rafael’s designation as a California Cultural Arts District sponsored by the California Arts Council.
One of the criteria that made Art Works Downtown stand out against dozens of applicants is our mission to connect art and community. This purpose forms our north star, and we live it daily by showcasing critically acclaimed exhibits, providing affordable studios and housing, and extending artistic development opportunities for artists, seniors, and the general public.
Our efforts have been noticed. In addition to the Arts District distinction above, Art Works Downtown was selected as the Best Art Gallery of Marin by all the major news media: Pacific Sun, the Marin Independent Journal Readers Poll, and The Bohemian.
Your past gifts laid the foundation for AWD to reach its current heights. Your continued support this year will be vital in advancing this legacy of excellence.
Please, reaffirm your commitment to the arts and our community by making a generous gift to Art Works Downtown today.
Art Works Downtown is registered as a 501(c)3 charitable organization. We rely on funding from the public, including individuals and businesses, as well as charitable foundations. Donations are tax-deductible.
Simply register for an Amazon account; then register your charitable organization (Art Works Downtown) at www.smile.amazon.com. Once you’re registered, use www.smile.amazon.com each time you want to buy something and presto, Art Works Downtown will receive a percentage of the sale at no cost to you.
Make art work. Help us connect our community to artists and the arts. Your support allows us to awaken creative expression, joy and inspiration; teach techniques in many disciplines; foster new works and share our love and appreciation of the arts with the public. Your contribution is local, effective - and much appreciated. Simply put, art works downtown because of you.
The delicate and sensitive skin around the eyes requires special care and protection. Valuable active ingredients and selected plant oils firm and revitalize this sensitive skin area. The cream actively counteracts expression lines, keeps the skin elastic and makes it visibly smoother. The eye area appears once again fresh and radiant.
A light, natural UV-filter from rice husks protects the skin from premature aging caused by UV-radiation.

An Italian turned and carved wooden lamp base, in the form of a stylised urn with garlands and swan’s necks. Off-white paint and gilding showing attractive patina. Sold with plain linen shade. Electrified. Pair available.

This Monogrammed Quilted Pullover goes great with a pair of jeans and boots, look like a fashionista for less! Add your embroidered monogram for an extra unique factor!
These Sweatshirts come in Grey, White, Back, and Orange; Please select preferred color from the drop-down box :)
Available in sixes: M, L, XXL Please select from drop-down box as well the size you want. Size chart is available to refer to if needed :) NOTE: These run a little small. We suggest ordering the size up (i.e. if you're an XL, we suggest purchasing the XXL)
Personalize by selecting the the initials, font, and thread color from the drop-down boxes. Please note that initials will be engraved in the order First, Last, Middle. For example, if your name is Jane Elizabeth Doe, your initials will be engraved in the order JDE.
PLEASE NOTE: TWO Pullovers may be shipped First Class. Up to FOUR Pullovers may be shipped Priority Shipping. For orders FIVE OR MORE, Bulk Shipping must be selected.


Sitting cozy at the heart of Seville’s historic center is Hospes las Casas del Rey de Baeza, a boutique hotel with the aspirations of luxury, total relaxation and wellbeing of its guests. In the 18th century, it was a neighborhood patio, and the beautiful architecture from that time immediately set the scene for our perfect vacation getaway in Spain. The terracotta and pipeclay architecture, along with the patios and galleries of the building, are typical of Sevillian architecture. It’s no surprise that the entire building has been declared a National Monument, one that we explored and marveled at during our stay.
There are forty-one rooms to choose from, all decorated in a rustic and minimalistic style. All rooms look out over the main courtyard. Our room was the ‘Dreamer’ with white walls and natural light coming in from the windows, giving it an open and airy feeling to the space. In the evenings, we closed the wooden shutters behind the curtains for privacy. Each room has its own unique decorations all done in the Sevillian style.
Outside our window were straw window shades which we were told were used to cool the rooms by wetting them in the olden days.
The bathroom was decorated with beech wood and had a tub/shower enclosure. The vanity was very spacious with plenty of room for toiletries.
For dinner, you don’t have to venture out of your room too far to discover the Azahar Restaurant. It’s an authentic, yet modern, take on the classic Andalusian cuisine served by Chef Rafael Cantizano. Dining in a building from the 13th century, with its wooden decorations, woven needle grass, and stone, creates a fun and uplifting atmosphere.
Or, if you’re in the mood for a lighter fare, try out the Azahar Rooftop, which serves tapas, sandwiches, salads and soft drinks for you to enjoy by the rooftop pool with friends and family. Also, it’s the perfect place to watch the sun set over the horizon.
To complete the dining experience, the patios have tapas menus with the restaurant’s offerings, and there is also room service for you to enjoy if you don’t want to leave your beautiful rooms.
Once you’ve eaten your fill, there is no shortage of activities to participate in! Seville is a city with lots to explore, and you’re staying directly at the heart of its historic center. Therefore, the only limit is your imagination!
But if you feel like staying in for the day, the Bodyna Spa is at your disposal. It’s a relaxed, yet invigorating, space located on the rooftop, which offers all sorts of luxurious packages from waxing to body treatments. The massage and beauty treatment area is yours to indulge in, as is the indoor pool and solarium terrace where you can relax under the sun and enjoy refreshing, healthy smoothies from the Azahar Pool Bar.
Looks like a lovely place in Seville, Carmen. I might hang out in the spa and the cafe (both on the rooftop) a bit, because it is such a relaxing looking place.
We loved Seville what a great city actually Andalusia is great region to visit. The hotel you stayed looks both comfortable and welcoming
I am so enjoying your travels through Spain and all the fabulous hotels you are staying at. Perfect that your room was named Dreamer. 🙂 I stayed in Seville years ago in my twenties and it was a very different experience. When I make it back there I put this boutique hotel on my list.
This looks like the perfect place to stay in cozy little Seville, especially if you need a spot of luxury! Great guide and pictures, really makes us want to visit now!
Nic recently posted…Visiting the My Son ruins, the ancient Champa temples that narrowly survived the Vietnamese war
So glad we got to meet up while you were in Seville. The hotel looks absolutely amazing. Seville is such a special place with so much history. Not surprised this is a national monument at all :-).
I love that each room is decorated differently and that they all look out over the courtyard. It almost feels like you’ve gone back in time.
Nice! I am not very familiar with Seville but I like all the neutral furnishings and simple touches of this boutique hotel. The Dreamer, what a cool name for a hotel room. 😉 The restaurant looks enticing as well.
I really think you’d love Seville, Melody! It’s one of my favorite places in Spain and the whole region of Andalucía is definitely worth seeing.
I LOVE Seville! I love all of Spain actually but Seville is amazing. I’ll have to keep this hotel in mind next time I’m there. The property looks amazing and I’d love to try the restaurant.
We are heading to Seville in a few months. We will be hiking 500 miles on the Camino then heading out to road trip through Spain. We already booked our place in Seville, but this sounds like a fantastic place to stay! Maybe next time…
Perfect blend of luxury and history! What a beautiful place to stay and linger for awhile. And in a city with so much to offer. Your photos paint a beautiful picture of your stay!
It’s not over the top like some of the other places I have stayed, but certainly one of the best locations in the city. Walking distance to many of the sites.

A reversible tote in Vintage check and tartan. The unisex bag is made from bonded cotton with contrasting sealed seams for an extra clash of colour.

"He is a real professional. He has a unique mind. And the level of communication he provided since the beginning was perfect. Eager to make revisements according to your feedback. Highly reccomended."
"Excellent job, five stars! From the start of the competition to the finish febriumbara provided an excellent service, making any change that was asked for without question while providing really positive creative input. Thanks again."
I am Professional Graphic Designer, passionate of the power of image, I have great varied skills. Focused on semiotics and color. I have 15 years experience in the world of graphic design, in such I developed brand identity, advertising, POS displays , illustration, web design and more.
I'm an analytical person and I like to solve complex problems that end in a visually simple result. I enjoy the creative process in my work and I appreciate the opinion and creativity of others.
"The challenge of finding a replacement for our logo was not easy. The designs submitting all came along with queries on how the illustration could improve. But we were looking for a design that stood out and it was hard to simply give advice on refineme..."
"Very patient and understands the customer's needs. He is passionate about what he does and that is what makes the difference between good and great! We are definitely working together again."
"Wonderful experience he listened from the very beginning and what was brought to the table initially is what we were looking for. Totally open to tweaks and changes it was a pleasure working with G. Artman. Thank you!"

East meets West in “Pacific Crossings” as conductor Edwin Outwater leads ROCO in a Kyo-Shin-An Arts and ROCO co-commissioned world…
Guest conductor Edwin Outwater led ROCO in its Season Two Finale, which featured J.C. Bach's Symphony in B-flat major, op.…
This top is super cute as all of the RQ tops are, but it doesn't really run unisex, or loose fit. I would even call it a little more fitted than loose.


Mark your calendars for the 2015 Meeting of the Southwest Section of The American Ceramic Society. The meeting will be held June 3-5, 2015 at the Radisson Hotel Fossil Creek in Ft. Worth TX. The theme of the meeting is “Training a New Generation of Ceramic Employees.” The program will consist of visits to local production plants as well as three technical sessions. There will also be an excellent Companions’ program including activities for families with children. More information will be available next month. Hope to see you in Ft. Worth, Texas.

First to market industry bundle with Clover POS Solutions, Cisco Meraki WiFi, Flat Rate Merchant Processing and WiFi Marketing by VivaSpot.
CHAPEL HILL, NC, June 12, 2018 /24-7PressRelease/ — iValu8, a leading cloud-based and proximity marketing platform provider, is announcing the availability of a Smart Retail Point of Sale Solution Bundle distributed exclusively through Tech Data, the world’s leading end-to-end distributor of technology products, services and solutions. Tech Data will now be able to offer a competitively priced Smart Retail Bundle complete with the industry’s leading Cloud-based Point of Sale platform from Clover, Flat-rate and cost plus merchant processing from CardConnect and VivaSpot Intelligent WiFi Marketing for Cisco Meraki.
The Smart Retail bundle was built for Tech Data resellers – selling into Retail, Healthcare and Hospitality verticals – that are looking for solutions that generate an immediate ROI and operational efficiencies.
In addition, Tech Data’s channel partners can now sign up as First Data sub-agents and earn recurring revenue from selling merchant processing services through CardConnect.
“We are excited to work with an advanced technology solution provider like Tech Data that understands how to bring IoT and cloud-based solutions to market,” says Andy Fox, VP of Sales, “Not only will Tech Data’s channel partners have access to a powerful solution to sell, but they can also earn monthly residuals from a competitive flat-rate processing solution.”
“The VivaSpot Smart Retail Solution provides our channel partners with a powerful offering that can help their merchant customers in streamlining their businesses,” says Michelle Curtis, Director IoT Solutions, North America, at Tech Data. “With over 300 business apps from Clover, EMV® payment security and competitive payment processing, this bundle makes it easy to address some of the most critical business needs retailers have through a single solution.”
“As a vendor who consistently sells into the retail space, having an offering like VivaSpot’s Smart Retail Bundle will certainly help increase our revenue and cash flow,” says Patrick Wong, Wong Computing LLC. “More and more of our customers are moving to the cloud, and this solution will position us competitively to capturing these types of opportunities.”
The Smart Retail bundle, associated peripherals and merchant processing can be ordered through Tech Data’s Shop.Techdata.com site. VivaSpot can be ordered through Tech Data’s StreamOne Cloud Marketplace. Tech Data and iValu8 will be demonstrating the solution bundle at the Cisco Live show in Orlando, Florida (June 10th-14th), at booth #2423.
iValu8 is a leading cloud-based marketing and proximity platform provider that helps businesses drive customer acquisition, traffic and intelligence. iValu8’s cloud-based platform connects businesses with their customers using fun and engaging mobile and social media experiences. iValu8’s platform is used by leading businesses and merchants around the world. VivaSpot(TM) is a powerful digital engagement, marketing and analytics solution for leading WiFi Access points such as Cisco Meraki. For more information on iValu8 go to www.ivalu8.com. For more information on VivaSpot go to www.vivaspot.com.
Tech Data connects the world with the power of technology. The company’s end-to-end portfolio of products, services and solutions, highly specialized skills, and expertise in next-generation technologies enables channel partners to bring to market the products and solutions the world needs to connect, grow and advance. Tech Data is ranked No. 83 on the Fortune 500® and has been named one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies for nine straight years. To find out more, visit www.techdata.com or follow Tech Data on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook.
PreviousMedical Imaging Community Applauds Energy & Commerce Committee for Its Attention to Device Cyber Security and Hygiene for Legacy Devices
Gadzoox Bold is a creative common licensed font and you can use Gadzoox Bold font for any commercial project as well as in personal ones. download Gadzoox Bold font for free.

Four 4-H club members dressed as pirates singing in a performance as part of the 4-H communication and art program
Two young women, 4-H team demonstration members from Chatham County, North Carolina, posing by a bumper sticker on a car that reads, "Eggs for trim chicks."

Financial advisors enjoy flexibility, variety, strong connections to their communities and ample opportunity to succeed in their jobs, NAIFA President Robert Miller recently told U.S. News and World Report.
"You get the opportunity to be an independent businessperson, so you have the freedom to practice your profession in the way your desires take you, to control your own hours, and to be active within your community," Mr. Miller said.
U.S. News adds that 78 million baby boomers in the United States are nearing retirement age, which is like to bolster the demand for advisors' services in coming years.
NAIFA's new Advisor Today Blog provides a resource to help insurance and financial advisors grow their businesses and learn how NAIFA can bolster their success.
While you can continue to rely on the NAIFA Blog for analysis, context and commentary on important issues within the industry, the new AT Blog brings you tools, ideas and techniques you need to build and enhance your financial practice. It is the go-to place for insurance and financial advisors who are looking for the latest trends that are shaping insurance and financial-advising practices and the steps they need to take to explore these trends and move their own business forward.
The AT Blog will feature frequent posts by NAIFA President Robert Miller, as well as other leaders in the association and industry. Be sure to read Mr. Miller's blog introduction.
New York Life agents who are NAIFA members averaged $90,300 in first-year commissions while non-members averaged $55,340, according to a company study of 2010 production figures for its council-level agents.
The data confirm earlier studies that have shown NAIFA members to be more productive than their non-member peers.
The New York Life study also found that council-level NAIFA members produced 52 percent more premium than non-NAIFA members.
NAIFA is proud to announce Marvin Feldman, CLU, ChFC, RFC, president and CEO of the Life and Health Insurance Foundation for Education (LIFE), as the recipient of the 70th annual John Newton Russell Memorial Award. The award is the highest honor accorded by the insurance industry to a living individual who has rendered outstanding services to the institution of life insurance.
Feldman will receive the award September 13, 2011, at the NAIFA Career Conference and Annual Meeting in Washington, D.C.
“On behalf of the committee, it was our pleasure to select Marv as the 2011 John Newton Russell Memorial Award winner,” said Jeffrey J. Taggart, CLU, ChFC, LUTCF, chairman of the award committee. “Receiving this award is like winning an Oscar in the insurance industry, except we give out only one each year. It recognizes the best of the best, and Marv is a very deserving member of this elite group.”
Feldman entered the life insurance business in 1967 as a New York Life agent and held management and leadership positions with New York Life before becoming a partner in the Feldman Agency in East Liverpool, Ohio, and president of Feldman Financial Group in Clearwater, Florida.
He has spoken as an expert on life insurance topics before audiences in 34 countries and has published numerous articles in professional journals. Since being named president and CEO of LIFE in December 2007, Feldman has been the leading voice in educating the public on the importance of life and health insurance and the crucial role of insurance agents. He had previously served as chairman of the LIFE Board of Directors while running his insurance and financial planning practice in Florida.
Feldman is a former president of the prestigious Million Dollar Round Table as well as a 37-year member of the group, which admits less than 1 percent of the world's life insurance and financial services professionals who achieve a standard of sales excellence.
Feldman was named to Insurance Newscast’s 2009 and 2010 lists of the 100 most powerful people in the insurance industry in North America.
“Marv’s dedication to the institution of life insurance and the industry is beyond reproach,” said NAIFA President Terry K. Headley, LUTCF, LIC, FSS. “I can’t think of a better ambassador for our business, our industry, and our profession. As a highly successful agent for many years, Marv clearly understands and appreciates the essential role of agents, who perform the vital job of protecting the financial security of American families. I commend the Selection Committee on their excellent choice—they have chosen wisely—and congratulate Marv on this well-deserved honor.”
John Henry Russell created the John Newton Russell Award in 1942 as a tribute to his father, an influential leader in the life insurance industry and an early advocate of agent education. John Newton Russell served as NAIFA (then NALU) president from 1916 to 1917 and was a contributing founder of LIMRA International, The American College and the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) designation.

“A unique and delightful way to explore the people, places, and sayings of the Bible. A fascinating tour of Scripture.”— Stephen J. Binz, biblical scholar and speaker, author of Lectio Divina Bible Study
The understanding of and appreciation for the Word of God is essential to a life of faith. It can also be a lot of fun. God is interesting. God has a sense of humor. And God’s book has been on the best-seller list for centuries.
This book is intended to open Scripture in a brand new way. By organizing important people, places, and events into lists, we can reframe our experience and understanding of God’s Word, while serving as a memory aid or providing ideas for further reading and study.
Get introduced to the top ten women with attitude, the top sibling rivalries, the heroes, the villains, or even the top ten people you should know but probably don’t.
Finally, be inspired to create your own top ten list whether it is modifying an existing category of people, places, or sayings, or one you create yourself. Use this book for family reading, small faith groups, adult study, or simply personal reflection. Grow in your love of God by better understanding the story of His love for you.
“Very fast shipping. My order arrived before the earliest estimated date, and in perfect condition.”

The best eCommerce software by ShopFactory powers P243. All-in one eCommerce and shopping cart software.

1280x851Product Description shape to suit any of your needs. 2-Piece Self-Stick Rubber Anti-Skid Pad.
978x662Online shopping for Rubber Sheets, Rolls & Strips - Raw Materials from a great selection at Industrial & Scientific Store.
500x424Readbag users suggest that ASV RC Parts Manual is worth reading. The file contains 39 page(s) and is free to view, download or print.
1000x664ULINE offers over 32, boxes, plastic poly bags, mailing tubes, warehouse supplies and bubble wrap for your storage, packaging, or shipping supplies.
457x800Stock Inventory Overview. All stock subject to prior sale, please confirm with F3 prior to ordering at [email protected] Discounts may be available for quantity sales.
800x906Product Description shape to suit any of your needs. 2-Piece Self-Stick Rubber Anti-Skid Pad.
640x960Watch Chubby Hairy Girl Works out video on xHamster, the biggest sex tube site with tons of free Girl Chubby Chubby New & New out porn movies!
550x366No time to waste on videos from bitches with only slightly stubbly trimmed pussies – here in this free hairy porn tube we go only for the most hirsute beavers!
558x560cum on hairy pussy. hot babes getting their hairy pussies dicked hard and glazed with cum on free streaming video.
308x232Disclaimer: antimonopolpmr.org has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We .
400x300Short Review: OldNanny offers exclusive and original mature - granny porn in HD quality. A nice variety of girl/guy hardcore, lesbian, toys and fetish porn scenes.

Postmodern social theory attempts to look at society through an entirely new lens by rejecting previous macro-level attempts to explain social phenomena generally considered as gaining acceptance in the late 1970s and early 1980s, postmodern social theory is a micro-level approach that looks at small, local groups and individual reality. Adopting a postmodern, narrative, social constructionist view sheds light on how power knowledge and truth are negotiated in families and other social and cultural contexts key concepts focus narrative therapy involves adopting a shift in focus from most traditional theories. Answers questions about post modernism and post structuralism example essays sat to offer up theory, criticism, social models and ideas had become fractured. Social control theory vs social learning theory the effect of modern technology on the social well-being of youth we have essays on the following topics that may be of interest to you. For example, some postmodern approaches can help us better understand how and why prisons evolved, how the courts have responded to a variety of individuals and social conditions, and how and why the mass media generate distorted, yet influential, images of some phenomena but ignore others altogether.
Social construction of nature kellner analyzes the terms of this theory in real-life experiences and examples kellner used science and technology studies as a. This, again, would follow the post-subcultural theory that has more relevance in modern day cultures, rather than that of subcultural theory such as evans' as an extreme example, it just would not happen that a mod in the 1960's was also a part of the rocker subculture at the same time they had one identity, not multiple, so they could. Writing papers that apply sociological theories or perspectives theory application papers involve making a claim or no social theory explains all cases, so.
This conflation of postmodern thought and identity politics is a strange charge, but perhaps a little understandable given the appropriation of some postmodern insights into normative social and political theory. Postmodern essay postmodern essay one of postmodern theory that fits in analysing running man as tv show or cultural product is the concept proposed. Postmodern social theory and contempo sociological theory sociological theory in the postmodern era negative lessons positive lessons 11 for example, his essay.
Postmodernism and the simpsons which baudrillard has contributed to postmodern theory with the publication of his essay, postmodernism, or the. Postmodern social theory is a field which is both difficult to define and rejects being defined postmodern theory is largely concerned with the ways our perceptions and reality are constructed postmodern social theory is a field of diverse and at times contradictory ideas that try to describe the relations of characters to society of the. The unfortunate fallout of campus postmodernism in a 1946 essay in the london tribune entitled in front of your have lived side by side with 'critical theory,' postmodernism and. The guides to anthropological theories and approaches listed in literary theory, philosophy, and the social sciences that question the possibility of impartiality.
Postmodernism rejects this, and basically everything, in an extreme and sometimes nihilistic manner postmodernism says that everything is relative and constructed by political, social and historical perceptions, therefore nothing can be adequately explained by any sort of grand theory, idea, or meta-narratives. An overview of postmodernism essay 2180 words | 9 pages and acceptance it is in this background that postmodernism started taking shape and became a common ground on which practitioners from all social domains would produce their work. Psychoanalysis and social theory psychoanalysis and postmodern theory acknowledgement glossary bibliography sample chapters. Modernity, modern social theory, and the postmodern critique for example, derrida (1976) views language as a form of free play, postmodern theory thus.
Modernism vs postmodernism with the resistance to traditional forms of knowledge making (science, religion, language), inquiry, communication, and building meaning take on different forms to the post-structuralist.
Postmodern theory [steven best, douglas kellner] on amazoncom free shipping on qualifying offers in this timely volume, the authors systematically analyze postmodern theory to evaluate its relevance for critical social theory and radical politics today.
Critical theory and the crisis of social theory have emerged between advocates of critical theory and the newer, postmodern approaches which for example, that.
Postmodern feminism refers to the feminist theory system that is inclusive of postmodern ideals and post-structuralism theory in this regard, it is believed that postmodern feminism goes past modernist polarity of open-minded and far-reaching feminism. Free postmodernism papers of a postmodern culture through illustrated examples within the film social theory ought to challenge the ideals of classical. Postmodern feminism is a prominent feminist theory that espouses the belief that there is no single way of being a woman - postmodern feminism: a critique of liberal and radical feminism introduction.
d2 justify responses where child maltreatment or abuse is suspected or confirmed referring to curren

Right now she is shopping for bits for her costume and then in a few hours a horde of screaming 19 and 20 year old WOMEN will descend upon my house dressed as school girls.
And as is the tradition, Moo and her friends dress up as characters from the movie and go to the midnight screening.
This year they have had to make the trek from the city to keep up with this tradition at our local cinema.
Therefore I will NOT be quiet in the morning while getting ready for work with bodies sprawled all over my house after they return all teary eyed and probably drunk at 2am.
I’m waiting for the dvd to be released so I can buy it, then I’m going to have a whole Harry Potter marathon, with coffee and cake and icecream, M&M’s and Clinkers while I watch from beginning to end.
I can’t wait. Funny how a bunch of books and movies have had such a part in our kids lives. In our lives.
I’m off to watch it tomorrow. I will now be thinking about a million tiny wizards as I watch. Hope the seat I get isn’t sticky.
Where I can sook over the passage of time under the cover of the chilli fartage-filled loungeroom :p
How did things end up this morning? Would you believe Mr 10 actually thought he could convince me to take him to a midnight screening last night? Even if it wasn’t a school night, the answer would have been a big fat NO!
I think I’m a bit sad a bout it. We will also be doing a marathon when we can watch it at home. It’s just been going on for so long. Weird.
Previous post: Totally Not Safe For Work. Or parrots. Or incontinent people. Or small children. But then again if you are reading this you are clearly not a childlike incontinent parrot in a cube farm. Probably.


Mash-up, battle, and smash up ALL-NEW heroes—the invincible Power Man and crack shot astronaut Star-Lord—in the battle against evil! Create your ultimate champion, and save the day! MIX UP (20) Marvel Super Heroes' looks, powers, and abilities
Before you download this experience, please consider that this app contains in-app purchases that cost real money, as well as advertising for the Walt Disney Family of Companies.
If you’re experiencing difficulties with audio, please check the audio settings with your device to see if your device is muted. If that doesn't solve your issues, please visit our customer care FAQ page here: http://help.disney.com/en_US/Apps/Mix-Smash-Marvel-Super-Hero-Mashers.
Connect with Facebook and compete with your friends on Poker Tables valuing from $ 5,000 to well over $500 Million. You can also play Offline Poker at your convenience. POKER MODES :
Bounce Poker : The all new Bounce Poker allows you to Jump to a new table everytime you fold or win and play with new players on every hand!
Let’s face it, when you shell out upwards of $700 for a flagship phone, a huge chunk of that money is going towards its camera. Some people might say that’s nuts, but for others, who don’t don’t want the hassle or added expense of owning a real …

When I was little, I had thick dark hair, cut in bangs, dark eyes and a dark glare. I was afraid of too many things in my world (the basement, the crows in the neighborhood behind our house, my grandparents, mixtures of food), and I know I cried a lot. If I complained too, I don’t remember it. I just remember crying.
We are humbled to present to you our Orphan’s Food Program report which in January 2015 will be celebrating our successful 8th year anniversary – ALHAMDULILLAH. We have 454 orphans at Al Noor Charity and they come from entirely different circumstances, backgrounds and some of them have undergone terrible experiences in their lives.
At Al Noor Charity, we make a solemn commitment to the orphans in our care. We take a comprehensive approach when it comes to their food program by addressing the nutritional needs of children living in poverty in Zanzibar islands.
Every Saturday we slaughter 3 goats to prepare enough food for 150 orphans and we also use this opportunity to train our children on the SUNNA and HALAL Islamic way of slaughtering a calf and its proper preparations.
Your support has been of great motivation to help us move towards our goal of building a better future for them. As we grow along with them, we are captivated by their strength, determination and incredible, untapped potential. Allah Subhanahu has put Barakah in our Orphans program and we are slowly making headway in transforming and integrating our orphans back into society.
“How can I help? What can I do?” You ask. Anything is the answer. Whatever Allah puts in your hearts to do will be making a difference in the orphans’ lives.
Please view our small video clip and our Power Point Slide Show. We leave you with a authentic hadith narrated by Sahl Bin Sa’d:
“ I and the person who looks after an orphan and provides for him, will be in Paradise like this,” putting his index & middle fingers together. (Sahih Bukhari). †
To learn more about our orphan care efforts and AL Noor Charity in general, please visit the following link: http://alnoorcharity.org/our-projects/orphans/.

Inflatable Shuttle balloon can be a great advertisement for your business and blow up displays sporting event. Grab attention among the people and attracts everyone. Surprise gift to anyone Inflatable Shuttle Business development, trade shows, product launches, press conference. Made of Durable and Eco-friendly,



The lentils are back – this time in a sweet curry with potatoes and a gala apple from the the co-op.
I started this morning by cooking a pot of lentils – didn’t measure, just followed Mark Bittman’s advice in Food Matters to cover with a couple of inches of cold water and cook until done.
Further along in the book, Bittman offers a recipe for Curried Lentil Soup with Potatoes. I started with it, but as usual diverged quite a bit. The result was a non-offensive, almost tasty lentil dish (not a soup). We ate it as a stand alone dish, but it could have easily been made more liquid and served over rice or other grains.
Heat the oil and add the onion. Cook until translucent. Add the garlic and cook another minute or so. Season with salt and pepper. Add the ginger and curry powder.
At this point add the lentils, some cooking liquid and a bit more water. Next add the potatoes and the apple and simmer until they are tender.
During the process, I added enough water to keep it liquid and ended up putting in about 2 T of sugar to counteract a slight harshness. The result was sweet and not too bad :).
I have fully recovered from the disappointment of having not ordered any local food this week from the co-op. This morning I made this week’s order and doubled-down – 25lbs of tomatoes and a bushel of peaches!
As such, next weekend is going to be busy!!! I hope I’ll have room in the kitchen…at any rate, I confirmed the order and all should be well.
Today’s cooking project involved using up some of the remaining food in the refrigerator. I read about using shredded potatoes as the base crust for a quiche. I opted against the quiche (not having the evaporated milk called for in the recipe,) but thought I’d try some version of oven-baked hashbrowns. They are very good…I think we’ll add some eggs and have them for lunch.
I used 1 and 1/2 pounds of organic mini-roaster potatoes, onions (yellow and red as found in the fridge), and bell peppers (red and orange, also found in the fridge). I shredded the potatoes in the food processor and chopped the onions and bell peppers. I then tossed the potato-onion-pepper mixture with oil and seasoned with salt and pepper, before placing in a thin layer in a baking dish (I used four baking dishes). I baked the hashbrowns in a 425 degree oven until crispy, about 30 minutes. Tasty!
Belmont Mansion is not too far from me, and I have been there before. That peaked my interest to start with, that and the quality of books I have read so far from Tamera Alexander. Belmont and Nashville are the setting of this book. Belmont was owned and run by Adelicia Hayes Franklin Acklen Cheatham, and in this book she is Elanor Braddock's Aunt. Eleanor is extremely tall for a woman, well past her "prime" at the age of thirty, and she feels she lacks the standard of beauty that other women have. Thus she as resigned herself to never being married. Instead Eleanor has dreams of other endeavors. Summing all the bravery required she presents her plans, which entail some needs for financing, to her Aunt Adelicia. I find Elanor's response from a Lady who is rich and in powerful positions, to be a strong one. This was the first quote in this book that really got my attention.
While this isn't a quote anyone else has yet chosen from this book, it was significant to me because it is a pivotal point. This is the point in our lives where we announce something that is burning in our heart, and when spoken out-loud to people in a position to help, harm, or influence us we bear the brunt of their reaction. Reaction is often shock, disbelief, out right scorn, or in some cases rejecting laughter. None-the-less, Aunt Adelicia's reaction did not stop Eleanor. Instead, it forges Eleanor forward regardless of it being beneath and outside of her preset role in life as the relative of THE Lady Adelcia of Belmont Mansion.
Soon she has done something very out of character for a person of her position. She is thinking through one of her heart's desires, cooking, and she has rented a building in the lower income area! She plans to follow the dreams of her heart and is determined to find a way to do so. Much to her discomfort, Marcus, the man she assumes is an under-gardener in her Aunt's Conservatory has rather stumbled into her plans, and her life.
Hiding his true identity from Eleanor, Marcus is working to hybridize potatoes, but before long, these two are going to find they have some goals that they could work together towards, or tear each other apart with. Marcus's secret is deep, and even his very identity is hidden. Eleanor is hiding secretes as well. As much as they try to not be interested in each other, they find themselves in a growing relationship. But secrets, as we know, come out and these two will either find and follow God's plan for their lives and those around them, or have a large disastrous outcome.
I was asked if I were able to send one sentence on a post card to one character in this book what would it be? My answer is this:
It is truly a gift to see a beauty most rare, in all it's hidden and undeveloped forms, which is so very visible when seen through the eyes of the One who created us in His image.
Pink is not what Eleanor Braddock ordered, but maybe it would soften the tempered steel of a woman who came through a war--and still had one to fight.
Plain, practical Eleanor Braddock knows she will never marry, but with a dying soldier's last whisper, she believes her life can still have meaning and determines to find his widow. Impoverished and struggling to care for her ailing father, Eleanor arrives at Belmont Mansion, home of her aunt, Adelicia Acklen, the richest woman in America--and possibly the most demanding, as well. Adelicia insists on finding her niece a husband, but a simple act of kindness leads Eleanor down a far different path--building a home for destitute widows and fatherless children from the Civil War. While Eleanor knows her own heart, she also knows her aunt will never approve of this endeavor.
Archduke Marcus Gottfried has come to Nashville from Austria in search of a life he determines, instead of one determined for him. Hiding his royal heritage, Marcus longs to combine his passion for nature with his expertise in architecture, but his plans to incorporate natural beauty into the design of the widows' and children's home run contrary to Eleanor's wishes. As work on the home draws them closer together, Marcus and Eleanor find common ground--and a love neither of them expects. But Marcus is not the man Adelicia has chosen for Eleanor, and even if he were, someone who knows his secrets is about to reveal them all.
From USA Today bestselling author Tamera Alexander comes a moving historical novel about a bold young woman drawn to a group of people forgotten by Nashville society--and to the one man with whom she has no business falling in love.
Tamera Alexander is a bestselling novelist whose works have been awarded or nominated for numerous honors, including the Christy Award, the RITA Award, and the Carol Award. After seventeen years in Colorado, Tamera and her husband have returned to their native South...
I wish to send special thanks to Amy Green - Bethany House Publishers for my copy of this book in exchange for my review, and to Tamera Alexander for her work, and the opportunity to be in such an amazing blogging group. I have greatly enjoyed this experience!
What a thoughtful review! I liked that you focused on a theme among several that resonated most with you :)
Paper Backgrounds | Royalty Free Hd Paper Backgrounds Red Vintage Soft Leather Background HD 1920 x 1080p Red Vintage Soft Leather Background. 0 40 Read more. Red Canvas Fabric Texture October 31, 2013 by. Hd Wallpapers Desktop Background H D Pictures About F1 ... HD wallpapers and high-resolution pictures from every F1 race, testing, car, team and driver since 2001. Get your free phone & desktop wallpaper here.

So im just a regular 20 year old wanna be who lives in turkey. I have little to no family. I hate the way things going in my country since i can remember. Since my early teenage years i disliked islamic way of life. So i call myself an agnostic for a quite a while. I hate erdogans view of politics, how he trash talks about other countries and praises islam and actually tries to get rid of our secular system. I feel like i have no place in here. Although i like turkish army a lot. I dont want to join because turkish army is not like what it used to be. From the early days of its creation they carried coups to protect the secular identity of the country. But thats not the case anymore.
I known the Legion for about 2 years now i think and i want to be a part of it for around a year now. Training wise my journey is incredible. I started doing only 3-4 clean pull ups to around 20-22 now and running 1.6 km to over 3km in 12 minutes. Only swimming and language courses are left on my path now. Once im done with these ill be on my way to Paris. I hope i can be a part of the Legion and be integrated to the French society.
I think we see noticeable increase of Turkish forum members after failed coup in Turkey. (if there was a coup at all or just Erdogan's purge)
Hello alidemir and welcome to the forum. If it's only the French and swimming that is holding you up then concentrate on the swimming. Once you can do 100 meters then go. The swimming, like the French will improve with time.

The images on this page are taken directly from the full 1080P high quality version in the members area. They are from the actual video and are not photos.


As tensions rise, so has the need for more healers. The waymakers, the agents of change, the ones armed with compassion.
But how many folks who step into this work have become burnt out or hurt along the way? What kind of long-term impact can we have if we don’t share the same healing methods we give to others with ourselves?How can we be a support system for others without depleting ourselves? How can we develop tools to thrive as opposed to just surviving? Who heals the healer?
Through this conversation, we intend to cultivate an ecosystem rooted in community care for wellness, social justice and healing practitioners who can hold space for one another as they continue to hold space for community.
Pop up discussion and soul adventure during the 20th Annual Allied Media Conference through participation in the Brave Bridges Project.
I have similar requirement where I will have to show 1000+ users using Json as Apex:repeat does not support more than 1000 records. But using your example i can only show 100 records. I saw that you mention it may come in your next post but could you give an idea how to show 1000+ records using this method?
Great post Daniel! I have been experimenting with the FixedColumns extension of DataTables and it allows the freezing of the left and right-most columns of a table which is great for tables with large amount of columns. Once issue I have been noticing, however, is that FixedColumns does not initialize all the time and the formatting of the Data Table is off once FixedColumns is initialized. Have you ever used the extension before and if so did you experience the same problems ?
Did you ever have to deal with more than 1000 records with DML happening on them? I checked your code for 854 records and it seems fine. Please let me know.

Nell’s father reveals she is a product of two warring alien species, Nell’s life somersaults as ever-increasing evidence proves her family wrong.
Friends turn into enemies and enemies into friends as Nell continues her search for the truth of her ancestors. She must find out what she is before whole worlds are destroyed because of her existence.
Author, Dale Furse takes us on a fantastic adventure to a world inhabited by bizarre beings. Confused by her life-changing experiences and facing an uncertain future, who can Nell trust to help her?
“No single word in English renders all the shades of toska. At its deepest and most painful, it is a sensation of great spiritual anguish, often without any specific cause. At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness,… Read More Toska

Car hire in Woodley and the Berkshire areas. Get a cheap car hire online quote and book within minutes.
These days, we’re used to convenience, affordability and everything being available at the touch of a button. But until now, the hire industry has been left behind, leaving those looking for Car Hire deals in Woodley with little choice but to spend hours trawling the web. Luckily, all that has changed with Anything for Hire - an innovative new approach to booking Car Rental in your area.
By utilising the latest technology, we’ve created a platform where you can search, browse, compare and book Car Hire services to suit your individual needs - just tell us what you’re looking for and we’ll take care of the rest. By connecting you with our network of trusted partner organisations, we can ensure that you get the very best deals - not to mention the highest quality service - around. And all tailored to your specific requirements, of course!
We cover a wide range of services, but we’re confident that we’ve got you covered when it comes to Cheap Car Hire. What’s more, because we only work with partners who we know and trust, you can relax knowing that you’re in good hands!
Want to find out more about our great deals on Car Hire in Woodley Get started at anythingforhire.com today.

We regularly host, sponsor and support a variety of events that provide community outreach, increase awareness of our program, help recruit new volunteers, raise funds and furnish training to our volunteer guardians ad litem. The following event was added to our calendar.
Our program and the upcoming new volunteer training in Wakulla County were recently featured on ABC 27 News on WTXL-TV. You can watch the video segment or read a transcript below.
It probably isn't the first place you'd take a kid to have fun, but for some, the courtroom is part of their lives.
"While their parents are going through dependency court issues, we are here to make sure that they're not overlooked," said Taylor Tachell, who's a volunteer recruiter for the Guardian ad Litem program.
The Guardian ad Litem program vouches for needs like food, clothing and education, sometimes therapy.
"These children are our future, and these children are all children who have either been abused or neglected in their life," said Tachell.
Right now, there are more than 580 children who need a guardian. Each of them has one, but some of these guardians are covering more than one case and more than one child.
"What you give as a volunteer is returned to you many times over by what you get out of that service," said Rachel Pienta, the president-elect of the Wakulla County Chamber of Commerce.
The Wakulla County Chamber of Commerce wants residents to think about signing up. We met the president-elect in Tallahassee, where she said half of the county's residents work.
"People are working eight, nine, ten-hour days or longer," said Pienta. "How much time is left over to volunteer?"
Guardians ad litem typically spend eight to ten hours a month on a case and it doesn't all have to be in court.
An escape from an unfamiliar place, but having a familiar face next to them could make that process a little more bearable.
The program will spend two Saturdays in Wakulla County next month for training, but volunteers are needed in several surrounding counties. You can find out more information about how to volunteer here.
Akismet by Automattic is enabled to guard against spam. Your comment will appear only after human approval, generally within twenty-four hours. Comments are moderated for content; please keep your commentary on-topic and appropriate for a family/educational website. Fields marked are required.
I’m now pretty much completely an indie author (technically I’m hybrid as long as my ex-publishers control some of my books, which they do, but for any new ones, I’m indie). While I never intended to be, I’ve realized that it allows me freedom and joy in my work, and that is a blessing I didn’t expect. I also find that it’s much more profitable for me than traditional publishing was. I’m planning to stay indie, happily, unless some weird bump in the road comes along. So here are the answers to some often-asked questions:
I do my own publishing. I hire my editor, cover artists, formatters, etc., to bring the books to you. I go through Createspace (as of this writing) for the print versions that are available to order online. I have control over most of the aspects of my work, unlike when I was with a traditional publisher, where I had almost no control. I have basically become a publisher for my own work, (that’s why you see the NE logo on the books now–Nightqueen Enterprises, my company).
A: There is no one right answer for this. But here are some of the biggest reasons, pared down to basics to avoid long, detailed explanations:
I write paranormal. Most traditional publishers aren’t buying much of it, and what they are buying, they aren’t paying a lot for (with a few exceptions). I was NOT given the option of continuing Whisper Hollow, Fly By Night, or Otherworld with Berkley and I really want to finish Otherworld, as well as start new worlds—all paranormal. An author cannot “order” a publisher to pay them money and publish their work. Berkley changed its format to focus on genre and format, and I don’t fit in that category.
I wanted the freedom to introduce my readers to worlds I’ve been dreaming of but have had no outlet for—like the Fury Unbound series and the Wild Hunt series. I want the freedom to write and publish what I want, when I want to. Indie is the only way to do this.
I wanted lower e-book prices on my books for my readers, and higher earnings for me. This is a win-win situation.
Indie works on a different business model than print. I prefer not to put out long preorders (and can’t at this point), for algorithmic reasons on Amazon, which affects visibility.
First, be aware that a lot of the authors who are still in traditional publishing are NOT getting their books in stores–the stores are stocking less and less. And just like the fact that we can’t order a publisher to publish our books, we can’t order a store to carry it. That being said, the best way to stay in the loop is to sign up for my newsletter. (And read it! And since sometimes it goes into people’s spam filters, make certain you check there). And my website will always have all releases/books listed
In order to even offer you print copies, I have to use what’s called POD (Print-on-Demand) technology. For me to earn a decent amount off of them, I cannot price them only pennies above cost. So this is the option–POD or e-book. My books are priced about the same as trade-paperback size, and in fact ARE now trade-paperback size. The Createspace versions are lovely and I’ve made the font a bit bigger so they’re easier to read than my other books! You cannot buy these in stores, but you can order them online from Amazon.
New full length novels will be published in POD–print on demand. Again, you can’t find these in stores, although you can ask your library to order them. They will be available to order from Amazon.
Unfortunately, at this point, the books will not be available in audio for now. In the future, as I become more established in indie, that may change. A deal has been made with Blackstone Audio for the last three Otherworld books. And, I enable text-to-speech in all my Kindle e-books.
The Fly by Night Series, Whisper Hollow Series, and the Lily Bound series are on indefinite hiatus. I hope to be able to return to them in the future, but as of right now, that’s not economically feasible. I do not foresee this changing for the next few years, at best. I know this makes a lot of you sad (which is why I’m finishing Otherworld even though common sense says “no”), but take heart–I’ve got new worlds and a LOT of new adventures planned for my readers. The FURY UNBOUND series is one, the WILD HUNT–another, and BEWITCHING BEDLAM also. And there will be more later on. So dive into my new worlds and see what’s there! (And I’m going to add here–sending me hate mail about it only gets your email deleted without answering. This is just the way it is).
I’ve had a number of readers express interest in how they can help me maybe attract a movie producer, and how they can help series keep from ending, and the like. Here’s a concise way to help your favorite authors keep in business. It’s no guarantee that a producer will notice the books, but boosting visibility is ALWAYS a good thing.
Buy the books. Obviously, not everybody can buy every book and authors know this, but that’s why I price my indie e-books lower—so you can buy more of them. I make more per book with my indie work than I did in trad, so it’s a win-win situation. (I have to pay the bills, bluntly). So buying my indie work helps a lot. If people don’t buy the books, then they aren’t worth the time for me to write.
Request that your library order my indie work. They can order most of the indie books in POD from Createspace. They can contact me to buy the books.
Tell your friends about my work—word of mouth counts. Word of mouth saves authors, and spreading the news about my books helps enormously.
Never download pirated books—besides risking your computers to malware and viruses, illegal downloading is nothing less than theft. Stealing from authors cuts into our sales. Frankly, pirating impacted my contracts with Berkley. When sales drop, contracts vanish. And when sales drop, even with indie series, it’s not economically feasible to write the work.
Review the books on Amazon (especially), BN, and other sites. Reviews do help me get certain ads and secure deals like Bookbub (well, unless they’re trashing the books).
Other than that, pretty much cross your fingers and hope. *grins* And yes, I’d love to see a movie/series deal. Authors don’t get much chance to work with the production companies—we have almost no pull with them—but…the truth is no matter what happens with the series, if an author gets an option, it makes it MUCH easier to sell more books and expand the series.

Max, the cat, really wants to play with the Labrador Retriever named Storm, and he’s determined to get the dog’s attention any way that he can.
This investment grade CVS is situated on 1.39+/- acres and positioned on a hard corner at the busy intersection of Dorchester Rd. & Bacons Bridge Rd. (26,200VPD) in Summerville, SC. Lease is corporate guaranteed by the Tenant.
Adjacent to Sunoco, Exxon, and Walmart. Neighboring multi-tenant retail building is at 100% occupancy and includes dry good retailers, service oriented retailers, and eateries.
Bacons Bridge Road (US-165) is the main corridor from Summerville running through the 72,000+/- acre East Edisto project landing in Ravenel, SC at the intersection of HWY 17 South & US-165. Excellent opportunity to invest ahead of the game and in the path of progress.
101 Prather Park Dr, Unit: A, Myrtle Beach, SC - Retail-Commercial for Lease - SCCMLS powered by Catylist
This newly renovated retail site is strategically located near the Socastee Swingbridge. The location, just blocks from the bridge on Forestbrook Road, places the business in an ideal spot with high visibility from local traffic and direct access to highways 544, 31 and 501. The exterior is clean and appealing with excellent signage, easy access and plenty of free parking. The interior is a completely renovated shell with polished concrete, high ceilings, handicap accessible bathrooms and front facing windows that offer both in-store visibility and natural light. This condo unit is available for purchase or lease.
topic. You understand so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually would want to…HaHa).
Hello everyone – we are so sorry to advise on Nicole’s behalf that the scheduled events for this weekend have been cancelled due to another nasty virus and chest infection. Nicole’s health regretfully is not up to the task of going ahead with the events for this weekend and her bedrest and wellbeing has to take priority.
She has asked us to convey her apologies to you and assure you that she and her team will be working very hard to deliver these events at another time. Details of venue, where and when will be advised as soon as we can work things out.
(You may still make pre-order purchases of the Year of Me Planner and Mala for 2019 via the website here)
It’s possible some of these events will be developed into online courses and streaming events, which means a lot more of you will be able to participate.
Should you have any questions, please direct them via email to Nicole’s PA, Trish Lyons at nicolecodyinfo@gmail.com
“Food brings people together on many different levels. It’s nourishment of the soul and body; it’s truly love.” ~ Giada De Laurentiis
I was given this recipe by Aunty Doff, who was my Nana’s beloved sister. We stayed at her home on the Central Coast of NSW once when I was in primary school and she made this cake to welcome our Dad and us after a long drive. Of course, I asked for the recipe! This is a terrific simple bar loaf and I made it countless times during my school and university days. It could be whipped up for afternoon tea, and have enough left for our lunchboxes the next day. Better yet it’s the kind of cake that is pulled together from humble pantry staples.
There’s nothing fancy about this cake, but it is moist and flavoursome and easy for kids to whip up on their own. You just need a large bowl and wooden spoon, some boiling water and an oven.
Don’t be afraid to substitute the fruit for whatever dried varieties you have to hand. I’ve also used drained canned fruits such as pie apples, apricots, peaches and two fruits chopped into pieces and that’s delicious too. If you use canned fruit feel free to substitute half the boiling water for the juice from the can for extra flavour.
if you want to add chocolate chips or nuts to your cake add them at the end of making the batter so they don’t go soggy.
This cake is great on its own, served warm with ice-cream or yoghurt as a simple dessert, or served cold and spread with butter. It will keep well if stored in an airtight container at room temperature for about five days. If using canned fruit in your cake keep the cooked cake in the fridge. Enjoy!
The Heppell Family, early 1940s, Sydney. Dorothy (Aunty Doff) is 2nd from the left, and Joyce (my Nana) is on the far right.
*If you’ve only got Weet-Bix crumbs don’t let them go to waste. One Weet-Bix biscuit crumbled is about 1/3 cup. So 1 and 1/3 cups is equivalent to 4 Weet-Bix, or about 65 grams. If you don’t have Weet-Bix substitute a similar breakfast cereal. I’ve used Sultana Flakes and also All-Bran with good results.
1 cup of raw sugar (I often use half a cup, and yes you can use plain sugar or brown sugar or you favourite sugar substitute too)
1 cup of mixed fruit, chopped into small pieces if fruit size is large. For today’s cake I used a mixture of sultanas, dried apricots and dates.
Optional – your choice of 1/2 cup of chopped nuts or seeds for top of cake. Today I used Walnuts and Sunflower Seeds
Place the Weet-Bix, fruit, butter, sugar and boiling water in a large bowl. Mix well and stand for five minutes.
While the Weet-Bix softens line a Bar Tin (8cm x 25cm) or cake tin of your choice with baking paper. Don’t get too fancy. No-one ever died from having an imperfectly lined tin!
Spoon mixture into the prepared pan. Using a wet hand pat the mixture into the corners of the tin and flatten it gently so that the batter is evenly distributed. If you are using nuts or seeds sprinkle them onto the cake and press them in lightly with a clean hand.
Place in oven and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until the top springs back when lightly pressed or a skewer inserted in middle of cake comes out clean. Cooking time will vary depending on what size tin you use, and what kind of fruit and flour you choose.
Posted in Breakfast, Cakes and desserts, Fast and Fabulous!, Nibbles	| Tagged after school fruit cake, after school snack, Aunty Doff's fruit cake, Aunty Doff's great recipe, Aunty Doff's recipe, breakfast cereal cake, dried fruits, fruit cake, melt and mix cake, one bowl cake, super versatile cake, Weet-bix fruit cake, Weet-bix recipe, Weet-bix simple cake recipe, Weet-bix simple fruit cake, weetbix cake	| 1 Reply
“The sky grew darker, painted blue on blue, one stroke at a time, into deeper and deeper shades of night.”
After a short holiday we arrived back at our little farm in the Byron Hills yesterday. It was so good to be home, so good to be in our own space, to find our dogs happy and content, to see our friend who housesat for us tanned and relaxed and well.
I’d thought I would tumble into bed early, but as all the lights turned out and night wrapped itself around us I found that I was wide awake. Leaving everyone sleeping I snuck outside and sat on the steps, looking up at the dark bowl of the sky above my head.
The air was alive with the call of frogs and crickets, the chitter of bats, the grunts of koalas, the flap of owl-wing. The soft night was tinged with chill, and fragrant with spring blossoms and that honest smell of cows and damp earth. The sky was bright with stars.
The trees breathed in rhythm with me. The world turned. And gently, gently something within me clicked back into place again. I was home!
I finally put my weary body back to bed, sliding between the cool clean sheets in the darkened room. I woke this morning not remembering having fallen asleep, but having slept deeply and well.
“Sometimes you don’t know when you’re taking the first step through a door until you’re already inside.” ~ Ann Voskamp
Today’s the last day of our online Oracle Card Challenge. Thanks so much for having been a part of it!
Remember that using cards is a way to access your intuition and inner knowing. If a card comes up that looks negative or upsetting, consider that this may be a situation which can now be healed, a pattern to be broken, or an issue that is coming to an end. Universal Guidance and our own intuition always and only speak from love. Trust that all messages will have a positive and useful insight to help you learn, heal or transcend.
Hold your stone in your cupped hands, close your eyes, and slow your breathing. Bring white light into your body until you feel peaceful and calm. Then bring white light into the crystal too. Allow yourself to connect to the stone. You may feel it tingle, or you may experience colour, images or guiding thoughts. When you are ready, open your eyes.
Keep your stone near you, and hold it when you write. If any insights have already emerged take a moment to write them down!
This is an important question, although the answer may be simple. Honour this by taking a moment to centre yourself, to calm yourself, to become fully present. Then tune in to your heart.
Shuffle your cards, while silently asking the question to yourself What’s the first and most important step I need to take to change my life?
When you have shuffled the cards and they feel ‘done’, select just one card. Place the card face up in front of you. Clear your mind by closing your eyes and taking one deep breath in and then out. Open your eyes again. Take a minute and look at the picture on the oracle or tarot card. What stands out for you? Is it an image or a colour? Is it a number or a word? What are your first impressions? Write these down in your journal.
Now let’s go a little deeper. What feelings or words does this card evoke in your mind when you think about the card and its images in relation to the question What’s the first and most important step I need to take to change my life? Take two minutes and just write some stream-of-consciousness thoughts down. Don’t censor or judge them. Trust the process. Finally, read back over what you have written.
Expect that more insights may come up for you during the day. Write anything important down in your journal so that you can continue to reflect upon it.
Return your Daily Card to the pack and shuffle the cards, asking the question ‘How can I best use this Insight?’ Choose three cards and lay them face down in front of you.
The card on the left is The Opportunity. The card in the middle is your Helpful Action. The card on the right is The Outcome.
1. Turn the first card over and let it give you insights into the opportunity and direction today’s information could create for you.
2. Turn the second card over. This card shows you the way forward. Let it show you what you can do, what choices you can make, actions you can take, to get you moving forward in a positive and aligned way to create momentum, progress or change.
3. Turn the third card over. This card will help you gain insights into how acting on this opportunity can potentially transform your life
Based on the insights you’ve received from today’s cards, what small action can you take today to look after yourself well and to show yourself nurture and kindness? Write that down in your journal and make sure to action it!
Sending you love, and my intention that these insights from the Oracle Card Challenge illuminate your life in positive ways,
In these last few days of our Challenge we’re examining directions we can follow that will be meaningful and enjoyable for us.
We have an incredible wisdom within us, informed by our soul, our intuition, our personality and our life experiences. Let that wisdom guide you now as you star to chart a way forward for yourself.
Shuffle your cards, while silently asking the question to yourself What will actually make me happy?
Now let’s go a little deeper. What feelings or words does this card evoke in your mind when you think about the card and its images in relation to the question What will actually make me happy? Take two minutes and just write some stream-of-consciousness thoughts down. Don’t censor or judge them. Trust the process. Finally, read back over what you have written.
Sometimes the things that will truly make our lives meaningful are obvious, and sometimes they’ve been hidden away under the overwhelm of life. Now it’s time to look at the opportunities we’re being shown in relation to our heart’s true desires.
“It’s very simple; just look at your life to see where you’re heading. You’re always in a momentum of something.”
In these last few days of our Challenge we’re going to look at what direction we can follow that will be meaningful and enjoyable for us.
Card of the Day – What is the most important decision or action I could make right now to improve my future life?
Shuffle your cards, while silently asking the question to yourself What is the most important decision or action I could make right now to improve my future life?
Now let’s go a little deeper. What feelings or words does this card evoke in your mind when you think about the card and its images in relation to the question What is the most important decision or action I could make right now to improve my future life? Take two minutes and just write some stream-of-consciousness thoughts down. Don’t censor or judge them. Trust the process. Finally, read back over what you have written.
Knowing there is a decision or action we can work with right now moves us into a place of empowerment. What is the opportunity we’re being shown?
1. Turn the first card over and let it give you insights into the opportunity and direction this decision or action could create for you.
We will be launching #GeShiDoMo today! We hope you can join us in this awesome action-filled 30-Day-Challenge! Click HERE to join!
“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”
In January of 2017 a group of us embarked on the inaugural Cauldrons and Cupcakes Reading Challenge. It was a fine year of reading, friendship and sharing of our love of stories and all things book-related. Now, in 2018, with a successful Challenge already completed, we’ve embarked on a new year of reading adventures.
This year the Cauldrons and Cupcakes Team has decided to nominate Pencils of Promise as the charity we’ll be supporting through our Book Reading Challenge. Pencils of Promise build schools in the developing world, train teachers, and support kids and communities to be able to access education. In 2018 more than 1 in every ten children around the world is illiterate and in developing countries, that figure is 1 in 3. I’m hoping that our loyal blog community can change that, and help provide opportunities for some of those kids to be able to read, write and learn so that their lives can open out in front of them in more meaningful ways.
Read or otherwise consume a book, short story or journal article each month. You might borrow a book from the library, or buy one. It might be gifted to you, or it might have been waiting for you in some pile beside the bed since who knows when. It could be an e-book or an audio-book. It can be any kind of book, story or article at all. A novel, a romance, crime, children’s or young adult’s, a non-fiction book like a memoir or a cookbook or a travel book. It could be a graphic novel. A comment piece, investigative journalism, or even a textbook.
Post the name of the book, story or article you are currently reading or listening to here or have finished during the month on the blog or over on our Cauldrons and Cupcakes Facebook or Instagram page. Feel free to suggest any books, stories, articles or audiobooks that you have already read and enjoyed. That way you’ll be adding to a list of resources that we can all dip into and choose from. I love finding new reading recommendations!
Sign up to become a Team Member of the Cauldrons and Cupcakes Fundraising Team for Pencils of Promise. Here’s the link for you to join.
Download the Book Tracker. Each month write the name of any book/story/article you have read in the corresponding month. It’s fine to add more than one. Then add a small amount of money to a jar for each book you read or go directly to Pencils of Promise and make a donation there. It doesn’t have to be much. Whatever you can afford will be great. Here’s the Book Tracker for you to download – just click on this link: BOOK-TRACKER-3. There’s a space for you to write down your reading wish list. Then start filling in the Monthly Tracker when you’ve read your first book.
During the year I will put up a Book Challenge Post on the fourth Saturday of every month so that we can discuss the books and stories we’ve read or listened to, and swap ideas and reviews. I’ll also be asking you to donate the money you set aside from your completed books and stories to Pencils of Promise. When you donate that money is up to you. Just make sure you have registered as a team member first. It will feel great to help someone else to experience the pleasure and comfort that reading brings. The world needs more readers. If you want to team up for this challenge that’s a great idea too!
During the year we will also be holding a Read-A-Thon so that you can get your family, friends and workmates to sponsor you for the books and stories you read or listen to. It will be a great way for you to indulge in some reading for a good cause, and to raise some extra money towards our goal.
At year’s end, and at various points before that, we will pass some of that kindness on to someone else in the form of a donation to help Pencils of Promise deliver more readers and writers to the world.
So, that’s our Reading Challenge for 2018. Want to join us? Go add your name below, join our Fundraising Team and don’t forget to let us know what books have you been reading or listening to this past month.
Let’s end the month off with the list of books, stories, articles and audiobooks we’ve already enjoyed in October. I can’t wait to hear your recommendations.
In October I’ve loved listening to ‘The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland In a Ship of Her Own Making’ by Catherynne M Valente. It’s a children’s book with luscious language which evoked gorgeous imagery for me as I lay in bed at the end of the day.
I also started reading the ebooks some of my students created during our Book and Course Creation Bootcamp, and I can’t wait to give a shout-out for them when they’re ready for the world!
Red Beard’s brand design principle is based on creating ready-to-wear clothing that follows a changing world + generations focusing on their aims + needs. From this the tagline ‘Almost Casual’ was born, but the collection is anything but. They see a generation who are free-thinkers, unique + courageous, so they encourage people to be casual in a […]
Ezekiel 38 1 The word of the Lord came to me: 2 “Son of man, set your face against Gog, of the land of Magog, the chief prince of Meshek and Tubal; prophesy against him 3 and say: ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord says: I am against you, Gog, chief prince of Meshek and Tubal. 4 I will turn… Continue reading The Lord’s Great Victory Over the Nations

Dostoyevsky becomes the third Russian author to get Chtenia's Bilingual Treatment. Including a series of short, lesser known, but highly significant works that show the traditional view of Dostoyevsky as a dour, intense, philosophical writer to be uneccesarily one-sided.
This wonderful novella by Alexander Kuprin tells the story of the wrestler Arbuzov and his battle against a renowned American wrestler. Rich in detail and characterization, At the Circus brims with excitement and life. You can smell the sawdust in the big top, see the vivid and colorful characters, sense the tension build as Arbuzov readies to face off against the American.

Marywood student Nadine Burton reflects on her experience in the service learning program by describing the experience as "life-changing."
Students from ASEC-charter colleges, Marywood University and Chestnut Hill College, traveled to Tanzania in July 2015 through ASEC’s Service Learning Program.
ASEC’s Service Learning program was formed in 2008, to provide students at charter institutions with an opportunity to travel to Africa for service. Coupled with a 3 credit course taken in the semester prior to the experience, the program is designed to broaden students’ perspective and to prepare them for citizenship in a global community.
The program introduce students to Africa and facilitates a lifelong connection with the continent. In 2015, 9 students, 7 from Marywood and 2 from Chestnut Hill, were accompanied by 2 faculty in a service trip to the Bigwa Secondary School in Tanzania. In Tanzania, the students tutored English at the Bigwa School and visited selected ministries in the nearby community. Marywood student, Nadine Burton, reflected on her experience in the service learning program by describing the experience as life-changing:
Those 20 days in Africa were the most inspiring and life changing experiences I have had to date. Through ASEC my team and I were able to travel to Morogoro, Tanzania to serve as teachers at the Bigwa School for high school girls and at local orphanages. Our mission was to help the girls with their English by teaching during the day. However, since the students began taking their exams when we arrived, we could not continue with the original mission. ASEC was accommodating enough to give us the choice on how best to serve the girls and teachers at the school. We realized instead of having them push off their exams another two weeks, which would delay them going home for Summer break, it would be better to tutor the girls in small groups for the afternoon and help the teachers proctor exams in the morning.
The teachers were very nice and always accommodating to our needs even though we were there to serve them. They learned from us as much as we learned from them. It was nice to have a bond with them, especially the English teachers. When we made posters for all of the classrooms on the last day, they were joyful with the thought of decorations in the classroom. In charge of the school was Sister Praxida and she was thrilled to have us spend our time with her students and staff. She appreciated our kindness and insight into the school but was even more grateful for our company.
The people in Tanzania are much different from people in the States. Even with all the hardships, they have a better soul, if one can say such a thing. They are kind to any person they meet, no skin color or language is an obstacle, and treat them as if they were family. When we were driving through Dar Es Salaam, we accidentally drove down a one way street, the wrong way. Instead of people honking at us, shouting curse words, giving us the middle finger, etc. like what would happen in the States, people along the side of the road, going about their everyday lives, helped us turn around and navigate our way on the street to safety. Even people in Morogoro would go out of their way to make sure we were happy.
On our last evening at Amabilis Centre, the hostel we stayed at, Sister Baptista, the person in charge of running the Centre, paid for boys from a seminary school to come perform for us as a going away party. She even heard us talking about craving pizza and hamburgers so she had the cooking staff make pizza and burgers for us one night. I am sure we would not have survived as well as we did without her help. She did not have to help make our stay easier or help show us around town but she went out of her way to make sure we were welcome in Tanzania. So many people made this trip mean more than any of us expected.
I was told right before I left for Africa from a friend that I would leave my heart in Africa. I did not believe him but now that I am back, I truly understand what he meant. I will always think back to the people I met in Tanzania, wondering how they are, where they are, and if they are okay.
A part of me will always wonder if the orphans have found homes, or if they are sick with a fever from Malaria, or if someone is there holding them. Are the girls healthy, understanding the material in class, and happy? A part of me is left in Africa, with the people I encountered and the sights I have seen. For anyone else traveling to Africa on a service trip I will tell him or her they will leave a piece of them there, but one really has to start the journey to understand, just as I did.
A recent alert, issued from the Diplomatic Security Service, has forced the cancellation of ASEC's 2018 Service Learning trip to Nairobi, Kenya.
ASEC’s annual Service Learning trip will take place from May 20-June 9, 2018. A total of 13 participants will be traveling to Kenya and staying with the Little Sisters of St. Francis of Assisi (LSOSF), a missionary community, where they will take part in service learning activities within the LSOSF compound and throughout Nairobi.
Consider supporting a U.S. student or sister the unique opporunity to participate in Service Learning for only $500.
'And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and thy two daughters, which are here; lest them be consumed in the iniquity of the city. And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; the Lord being merciful unto him: and they brought him forth, and set him without the city. And it came to pass, when they had brought them forth abroad, that He said, Escape for thy life; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the lain; escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my Lord: Behold now, Thy servant hath found grace in Thy sight, and Thou hast magnified Thy mercy, which Thou hast shewed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me, and I die: Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul shall live. And He said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken. Haste thee, escape thither; for I cannot do any thing till thou be come thither. Therefore the name of the city was called Zoar. The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar. Then the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven; And He overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon the ground. But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pillar of salt.' -- GENESIS xix. 15-26.
The religious significance of this solemn page of revelation is but little affected by any of the interesting questions which criticism raises concerning it, so that I am free to look at the whole narrative for the purpose of deducing its perennial lessons. There are four clearly marked stages in the story: the lingering of Lot in the doomed city, and the friendly force which dragged him from it; the prayer of abject fear, and the wonderful answer; the awful catastrophe; and the fate of the wretched woman who looked back.
1. Lot's lingering and rescue by force. Second thoughts are not always best. When great resolves have to be made, and when a clear divine command has to be obeyed, the first thought is usually the nobler; and the second, which pulls it back, and damps its ardour, is usually of the earth, earthy. So was it with Lot. Overnight, in the excitement of the terrible scene enacted before his door, Lot had been not only resolved himself to flee, but his voice had urged his sons-in-law to escape from the doom which he then felt to be imminent. But with the cold grey light of morning his mood has changed. The ties which held him in Sodom reassert their power. Perhaps daylight made his fears seem less real. There was no sign in the chill Eastern twilight that this day was to be unlike the other days. Perhaps the angels' summons roused him from sleep, and their 'arise' is literally meant. It might have given wings to his flight. Urgent, and resonant, like the morning bugle, it bids him be stirring lest he be swept away 'in the punishment of the city.' Observe that the same word means 'sin' and 'punishment,'--a testimony to the profound truth that at bottom they are one, sin being pain in the root, pain being sin in the flower. So our own word 'evil' covers all the ground, and means both sin and sorrow. But even that pealing note does not shatter his hesitation. He still lingers. What kept him? That which had first taken him there--material advantages. He had struck root in Sodom. The tent life which he had kept to at first has been long given up; we find him sitting in the gate of the city, the place for gossip and friendly intercourse. He has either formed, or is going to form, marriage alliances for his daughters with men of the city who are as black as the rest. Perhaps his wife, whom the story will not name, for pity or for horror, was a Sodomite. To escape meant to leave all this and his wealth behind. If he goes out, he goes out a pauper. So his heart, which is where his treasure is, makes his movements slow. What insanity his lingering must have seemed to the angels! I wonder if we, who cling so desperately to the world, and who are so slow to go where God would have us to be for our own safety, if thereby we shall lose anything of this world's wealth, seem very much wiser to eyes made clear-sighted with the wisdom of heaven. This poor hesitating lingerer, too much at home in the city of destruction to get out of it even to save his life, has plenty of brothers to-day. Every man who lets the world hold him by the skirts when Christ is calling him to salvation, and every man who is reluctant to obey any clear call to sacrifice and separation from godless men, may see his own face in this glass, and perhaps get a glimpse of its ugliness.
What a homely picture, full of weighty truth, the story gives us, of the angels each taking two of the reluctant four by the hand, and dragging them with some degree of kindly force from destruction into safety! So, in a great fire, domestic animals and horses seem to find a strange fascination in the flames, and have to be carried out of certain death by main force. They 'set him'--or we might read, 'made him rest'--outside the city. It was but a little distance, for these 'cities' were tiny places, and the walls were soon reached. But it was far enough to change Lot's whole feelings. He passes to feeble despair and abject fear, as we shall see. That forlorn group, homeless, friendless, stripped of everything, shivering outside the gate in the cold morning air, may teach us how wise and prudent the man is who seeks the kingdom of God second, and the other things first.
2. There was a pause outside the city. A new voice speaks now to Lot. 'They' brought him forth; but 'He' said 'escape.' The same 'Lord' to whom Abraham had prayed, has now rejoined the mysterious pair whom He had sent to Sodom. And Lot's entreaty is addressed to Him whom he calls 'my Lord.' He uses singular pronouns throughout, although the narrator says that he 'said unto _them_.' There seems to be here the same idea as is embodied in the word 'Elohim'; namely, that the divine powers are regarded as in some sense separable, and yet all inhering in a personal unity. At all events, we have here a distinct representation of an intercourse between God and man, in which thoughts are conveyed to the human spirit direct from the divine, and desires pass from the human to the divine. The manner of the intercourse we do not know, but the possibility of the fact can scarcely be denied by any believer in a God; and, however we may call this miraculous or abnormal, the essence of the event can be repeated in the experience of each of us. God still speaks to men, and men may still plead with God. Unless our religion is communion, it is nothing.
The divine voice reiterates the angels' urgent command in still more stringent words: 'Escape for thy life.' There is to be no more angel-leading, but Lot's feet are to be made as hinds' feet by the thought of the flaming death that is pursuing. His lingering looks are sternly forbidden, since they would delay his flight and divide his heart. The direction of his flight is for the first time pointed out. The fertile plain, which had lured him down from the safe hills, is prohibited. Only on the mountain-side, probably the eastern mountains, where the morning red was beginning to blush, is there safety.
Lot's answer shows a complete change of feeling. He is too fully alarmed now. His fright is so desperate that it has killed faith and common sense. The natural conclusion from God's mercy, which he acknowledges, would have been trust and obedience. 'Therefore I can escape,' not 'but I cannot escape,' would have been the logic of faith. The latter is the irrationality of fear. When a man who has been cleaving to this fleeting life of earthly good wakes up to believe his danger, he is ever apt to plunge into an abyss of terror, in which God's commands seem impossible, and His will to save becomes dim. The world first lies to us by 'You are quite safe where you are. Don't be in a hurry to go.' Then it lies, 'You never can get away now.' Reverse Lot's whimpering fears, and we get the truth. Are not God's directions how to escape, promises that we shall escape? Will He begin to build, and not be able to finish? Will the judgments of His hand overrun their commission, like a bloodhound which, in its master's absence, may rend his friend? 'We have all of us one human heart,' and this swift leap from unreasoning carelessness to as unreasoning dread, this failure to draw the true conclusion from God's past mercy, and this despairing recoil from the path pointed for us, and craving for easier ways, belongs to us. 'A strange servant of God was this,' say we. Yes, and we are often quite as strange. How many people awakened to see their danger are so absorbed by the sight that they cannot see the cross, or think they can never reach it!
God answered the cry, whatever its fault, and that may well make us pause in our condemnation. He hears even a very imperfect petition, and can see the tiniest germ of faith buried under thick clods of doubt and fear. This stooping readiness to meet Lot's weakness comes in wonderful contrast with the terrible revelation of judgment which follows. What a conception of God, which had room for this more than human patience with weakness, and also for the flashing, lurid glories of destructive retribution! Zoar is spared, not for the unworthy reason which Lot suggested--because its minuteness might buy impunity, as some noxious insect too small to be worth crushing--but in accordance with the principle which was illustrated in Abraham's intercession, and even in Lot's safety; namely, that the righteous are shields for others, as Paul had the lives of all that sailed with him given to him.
God's 'cannot' answers Lot's 'cannot.' His power is limited by His own solemn purpose to save His faltering servant. The latter had feared that, before he could reach the mountain, 'the evil' would overtake him. God shows him that his safety was a condition precedent to its outburst. Lot barred the way. God could not 'let slip the dogs of' judgment, but held them in the leash until Lot was in Zoar. Very awful is the command to make haste, based on this impossibility, as if God were weary of delay, and more than ready to smite. However we may find anthropomorphism in these early narratives, let us not forget that, when the world has long been groaning under some giant evil, and the bitter seed is grown up into a waving forest of poison, there is something in the passionless righteousness of God which brooks no longer delay, but seeks to make 'a short work' on the earth.
3. So we are brought face to face with the grim story of the destruction. There is a world of tragic meaning in the simple note of time given. 'The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar.' The low-lying cities of the plain would lie in shadow for some time before the sun topped the eastern hills. What a dawn! At that joyous hour, just when the sunshine struck down on the smiling plain, and lake and river gleamed like silver, and all things woke to new hopes and fresh life, then the sky darkened, and the earth sank, and horrible rain of fiery bitumen fell from the black pall, salt mud poured in streams, and over all hung a column of fat, oily smoke. It is not my province to discuss the physical cause of the destruction; but I may refer to the suggestions of Sir J. W. Dawson, in his _Egypt and Syria_, and in _The Expositor_ for May 1886, in which he shows that great beds of bituminous limestone extend below the Jordan valley and much of the Dead Sea, and that the escape of inflammable gag from these through the opening of a fissure along a great 'line of fault,' is capable of producing all the effects described. The 'brimstone' of the Authorised Version is probably rather some form of bituminous matter which would be carried into the air by such an escape of gas, and a thick saline mud would accompany the eruption, encrusting anything it reached. Subsidence would follow the ejection of quantities of such matter; and hence the word 'overthrew,' which seems inappropriate to a mere conflagration, would be explained.
But, however this may be, we have to recognise a supernatural element in the starting of the train of natural causes, as well as in the timing of the catastrophe, and a divine purpose of retribution, which turns the catastrophe, however effected, into a judgment.
So regarded, the event has a double meaning. In the first place, it is a revelation of an element in the divine character and of a feature in the divine government. To the men of that time, it might be a warning. To Abraham, and through him to his descendants, and through them to us, it preaches a truth very unwelcome to many in this day: that there is in God that which constrains Him to hate, fight against, and punish, evil. The temper of this generation turns away from such thoughts, and, in the name of the truth that 'God is love,' would fain obliterate the truth that He does and will punish. But if the punitive element be suppressed, and that in God which makes it necessary ignored or weakened, the result will be a God who has not force enough to love, but only weakly to indulge. If He does not hate and punish, He does not pardon. For the sake of the love of God, we must hold firm by the belief in the judgments of God. The God who destroyed Sodom is not merely the God of an earlier antiquated creed. 'Is He the God of the Jews only? Is He not also of the Gentiles? Yea, of the Gentiles also.'
Again, this event is a prophecy. So our Lord has employed it; and much of the imagery in which the last judgment is represented is directly drawn from this narrative. So far from this story showing to us only the superstitions of a form of belief which we have long outgrown, its deepest meaning lies far ahead, and closes the history of man on the earth. We know from the lips which cannot lie, that the appalling suddenness of that destruction foreshadows the swiftness of the coming of that last 'day of the Lord.' We know that in literality some of the physical features shall be reproduced; for the fire which shall burn up the world and all its works is no figure, nor is it proclaimed only by such non-authoritative voices as those of Jesus and His apostles, but also by the modern possessors of infallible certitude, the men of science. We know that that day shall be a day of retribution. We know, too, that the crime of Sodom, foul and unnatural as it was, is not the darkest, but that its inhabitants (who have to face that judgment too) will find their doom more tolerable, and their sins lighter, than some who have had high places in the Church, than the Pharisees and wise men who have not taken Christ for their Saviour.
4. The fate of the loiterer. Her backward look must have been more than momentary, for the destruction of the cities did not begin till Lot was safe in Zoar. She must have lingered far behind, and been overtaken by the eruption of liquid saline mud, which, as Sir J. W. Dawson has shown, would attend or follow the outburst of bituminous matter, so that her fate was the natural consequence of her heart being still in Sodom. As to the 'pillar of salt' which has excited cavils on the one hand and foolish legends on the other, probably we are to think rather of a heap than of a pillar. The word does not occur in either meaning elsewhere, but its derivation implies something raised above the level of the ground; and a heap, such as would be formed by a human body encrusted with salt mud, would suit the requirements of the expression. Like a man who falls in a snowstorm, or, still more accurately, just as some of the victims at Pompeii stumbled in their flight, and were buried under the ashes, which still keep the outline of their figures, so Lot's wife was covered with the half-liquid slimy mud. Granted the delay in her flight, the rest is perfectly simple and natural. She was buried in a horrible tomb; and, in pity to her memory, no name has been written upon it. She remains to all generations, in a far truer sense than superstition dreamed of when it pointed to an upright salt rock as her prison and her monument, a warning of the danger of the backward look, which betrays the true home of the heart, and may leave us unsheltered in the open plain when the fiery storm bursts. 'Remember Lot's wife.'
When the angels awoke Lot, the day was breaking. By the time that Abraham had risen 'early in the morning,' and reached the place by his tent from which he had yesterday looked on the smiling plain, all was over, and the heavy smoke cloud wrapped the dead with its pall-like folds. So swift and sudden is to be the coming of the Son of man,--as the lightning which rushes in one fierce blinding flash from one side of heaven to the other. Wherefore, God calls to each of us: 'Escape for thy life; look not behind thee.'


Nick, Greg and Tim hit the Jackpot this weekend – arriving just as 2m of snow fell for a few days Private Ski Guiding in Chamonix. With the whole Chamonix Valley closing down due to avalanche risk, we headed down the road to lower levels at Megeve and Combloux – enjoying 3 days of superb deep snow and endless powder – thanks guys for a truly memorable weekend!
Mark your calendar and join us August 25th from 11am to 1pm for the grand opening of South Hills in Herriman. Tour the new, fully furnished model home and enjoy a complimentary back to school BBQ.

“This material — just a single layer of atoms — could be made as a wearable device, perhaps integrated into clothing, to convert energy from your body movement to electricity and power wearable sensors or medical devices, or perhaps supply enough energy to charge your cell phone in your pocket,” says James Hone, professor of mechanical engineering at Columbia and co-leader of the research.
The Palmer United Party ­leader has filed a new legal case in which he has levelled claims of “unconscionable conduct” against China’s top business leader, Chang Zhenming, along with other ­Chinese and Australian ­executives of the Beijing-owned global giant Citic.

Out-of-pocket costs for pricey new drugs leave even some insured and relatively affluent patients with hard choices on how to afford them
BELLEVILLE, Ill.— Jacqueline Racener ’s doctor prescribed a new leukemia drug for her last winter that promised to roll back the cancer in her blood with only moderate side effects.
Then she found out how much it would cost her: nearly $8,000 for a full year, even after Medicare picked up most of the tab.
“There’s no way I could do that,” Ms. Racener says. “It was just prohibitive.” Worried about depleting her limited savings, Ms. Racener, a 76-year-old legal secretary, decided to take the risk and not fill her prescription.
The pharmaceutical industry, after a long drought, has begun to produce more innovative treatments for serious diseases that can extend life and often have fewer side effects than older treatments. Last year, the Food and Drug Administration approved 41 new drugs, the most in nearly two decades.
The catch is their cost. Recent treatments for hepatitis C, cancer and multiple sclerosis that cost from $50,000 annually to well over $100,000 helped drive up total U.S. prescription-drug spending 12.2% in 2014, five times the prior year’s growth rate, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. High drug prices can translate to patient costs of thousands of dollars a year. Out-of-pocket prescription-drug costs rose 2.7% in 2014, according to CMS.
For many of the poorest Americans, medicines are covered by government programs or financial-assistance funds paid for by drug companies.
For those in the middle class, it is a different story. Though many patients can get their out-of-pocket costs paid by drug companies or drug-company-funded foundations, some patients make too much money to qualify for assistance. Others are unaware the programs exist. Medicare patients, who represent nearly a third of U.S. retail drug spending, can’t receive direct aid from drug companies.
The upshot is even patients with insurance and comfortable incomes are sometimes forced to make hard choices—tapping savings, taking on new debt or even forgoing treatment.
“Drugs are so expensive that once they flow through our ragtag insurance system, we have patients who can’t afford them, or they can barely afford them, so they’re not getting therapies,” said Peter Bach, a physician and health-policy researcher at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
A quarter of U.S. prescription-drug users said it was difficult to afford them, in an August survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation. In another survey, published in the journal Lancet Haematology in September, 10% of insured U.S. patients with the blood cancer multiple myeloma said they had stopped taking a cancer drug because of its cost.
A look at how patients are coping with the cost of the medicine prescribed for Ms. Racener, called Imbruvica, illustrates the issues.
The drug blocks proteins that cause malignant cells to multiply and stay alive. Approved in 2013 for a rare illness called mantle-cell lymphoma, the medication, which is known generically as ibrutinib, was later approved to treat some patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia, the condition Ms. Racener has.
“People who had one foot in the grave after failing multiple prior chemotherapies, when given ibrutinib, had dramatic responses,” said Kanti R. Rai, a leukemia expert at North Shore-LIJ Cancer Institute in Lake Success, N.Y.
The drug’s wholesale list price is $116,600 a year for leukemia patients. For the higher dose needed for lymphoma, it is about $155,400. Producers gave insurers discounts averaging 11% in 2014, financial statements show.
For patients on Medicare—more than half of Imbruvica users—the federal insurance picks up the bulk of the cost under the Part D prescription-drug plan. But most Medicare patients still faced out-of-pocket costs of $7,000 or more a year.
For patients with insurance purchased privately or provided by an employer, out-of-pocket costs vary widely, from a small copay to thousands of dollars. The Affordable Care Act capped commercially insured patients’ out-of-pocket costs for all care, including drugs. The 2016 cap is $6,850.
Drug companies, aware that costs borne by insured patients can limit sales, have stepped up their spending on programs to defray them, such as copay coupons.
The aid programs can come with income limits and other restrictions. In the case of Ms. Racener in Belleville, a suburb of St. Louis, a hospital social worker looked into help from nonprofit foundations funded by drug companies. Her income was too high to qualify.
She earned about $80,000 between her job and Social Security. Her car payments, credit-card debt and a $600 monthly mortgage on her ranch house made the drug prescribed for her leukemia in February unaffordable.
Ms. Racener’s adult children offered to take out loans to help. “We’re middle-class, we don’t have that type of money in the bank,” said her oldest daughter, Rebecca Brawley.
Ms. Racener didn’t want to burden them. She decided to skip the drug and, if her symptoms got worse, to try chemotherapy, a therapy that would be covered by her insurance with minimal personal expense, but one she dreaded.
Then some good news came along—riding on bad news. In August, Ms. Racener’s work hours were cut back, and her pay fell by 40%. She applied for aid to a drug-maker-funded nonprofit called the Patient Access Network Foundation, and, with her much-reduced income, she qualified.
In October, eight months after Imbruvica was prescribed for Ms. Racener, she filled the prescription and began taking it. Her disease causes a proliferation of white blood cells. Their number has come down significantly, her doctor says.
“Thank you, Lord,” Ms. Racener remembers thinking. “Thank you that I’m going to be able to get this, and it’s not going to cost my family beaucoup bucks.”
Ms. Racener’s doctor, John DiPersio, chief of oncology at Washington University School of Medicine, says the expense of new cancer drugs is burdensome for growing numbers of patients whose insurance entails substantial copays. “The financial destitution that modern therapies bring on patients and their families is enormous,” he says.
Imbruvica was developed by Johnson & Johnson and Pharmacyclics LLC, a company AbbVie Inc. acquired in May. AbbVie has pegged global sales of the drug at $1 billion this year and $5 billion in 2020.
AbbVie declined to comment on the drug’s price. Pharmacyclics’ former CEO, Robert Duggan, said in a June interview the price represents its value in the marketplace. After patents expire in about 15 years, a generic version will be much cheaper, he said, adding: “That’s where society wins. People look at it in the very short term.”
The other producer of Imbruvica, Johnson & Johnson, says new drugs are helping turn some cancers from life-threatening to manageable, but “more costs are being shifted to patients, making it hard for some to get the medicines they need.”
Health insurers say patients pay more for their care because costs continue to climb. Drug prices are one of the main drivers of insurance-premium increases, says Clare Krusing, a spokeswoman for America’s Health Insurance Plans, an industry group. Lowering patients’ share of expensive drugs’ cost would mean even higher premiums, she says.
Drug companies point to aid they provide. J&J says it helps patients manage costs both through its own programs and by donating to charities.
Pharmaceutical companies can’t provide copay aid directly to Medicare recipients. Doing so could be construed as a violation of the U.S. anti-kickback statute, which prohibits companies from using financial incentives to encourage the sale of their products to federal health-care programs. Companies can, however, point the patients to nonprofit organizations they finance, which cover copays for patients who meet income tests.
For commercially insured patients, drugmakers can directly provide copay aid, and frequently do. The makers of Imbruvica will cover all but $10 of such patients’ monthly copays, regardless of income.
More broadly, about 44% of commercially insured patients’ prescriptions for so-called specialty drugs—costly medicines for serious diseases that sometimes need special handling or storage—involved copay coupons in 2013, said a study in the journal Health Affairs.
Copay assistance is only relevant, of course, if insurance is covering the bulk of the drug’s cost. That isn’t the case for Brien Johnson of Sterling, Va.
Mr. Johnson never expected to be unable to afford medicine he needed. He and his wife own a legal-advertising company that has provided a good living.
A few years ago, after his doctor noticed swollen lymph nodes, Mr. Johnson was diagnosed with mantle-cell lymphoma. Treatment with chemotherapy was ineffective. He began taking Imbruvica around December 2013. In about a month, he says, his disease went into remission.
His health insurance paid for it for about a year. Early in 2015, according to Mr. Johnson, the insurer said it wouldn’t continue paying for the drug under the medical portion of his policy, which covers services provided in doctors’ offices. Instead, Imbruvica—an oral drug taken at home—would fall under the policy’s prescription-drug benefit, and that has a maximum yearly payment of $5,000, or only about 4% of Imbruvica’s annual price at the time. The Affordable Care Act banned such limits except for existing health plans for individuals.
Though the Johnsons earned nearly $200,000 a year, the cost would be too much. “If the drug was a couple thousand a month, I could’ve worked it out,” Mr. Johnson says. “But at $12,000 a month, it would have wiped us out in a year.”
His insurance is a Blue Cross Blue Shield policy from Anthem Inc. A spokeswoman for Anthem said the insurer notified Mr. Johnson he could change policies to one that included full prescription-drug coverage, but he chose not to. Anthem agreed to pay for his Imbruvica in 2014 but “clearly communicated that these additional benefits” wouldn’t extend into 2015, said the spokeswoman, Jill Becher.
She said Anthem recognizes the cost of cancer drugs has risen substantially and is “committed to working with our members to ensure that they are able to access the most effective therapy.”
Mr. Johnson says he considered switching his coverage but decided not to because other plans had higher deductibles and he feared his current doctors wouldn’t be available in them.
He got one free month’s supply of Imbruvica from its manufacturers, he says, but was ineligible for continued aid because of his income.
When the drug ran out, his “cancer kicked into a more aggressive level,” he says. He has lost 80 pounds, and his lymph nodes have swollen again.
He made plans for a stem-cell transplant, which his insurance covers, but which carries risks of serious side effects. In mid-December Mr. Johnson, 56, began intensive chemotherapy aimed at putting his disease in remission so he can have the transplant.
“I don’t know how much longer I have to live, and I don’t want to spend my last days fighting Blue Cross Blue Shield over Imbruvica,” Mr. Johnson says
Patients on Medicare are starting to feel some relief from out-of-pocket expenses through a provision in the Affordable Care Act that requires a gradual lowering of patient contributions. When the reduction is complete in 2020, the median out-of-pocket cost for Medicare patients taking oral cancer drugs will be $5,660 a year, according to a study in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. Even that is more than the average beneficiary’s household spends on food in a year, the study said.
Leukemia patient Michele Steele ’s doctor prescribed Imbruvica last year after she finished her fourth round of chemotherapy. Though shocked at the nearly $8,000 out-of-pocket expense for the year, she and her husband, Bill, who are retired and live in Laguna Niguel, Calif., decided to put the cost on their credit card and find a way to sort it out later.
They cut back on nonessentials such as movies and restaurants. “There’s nothing else to cut back on,” Ms. Steele says. “We’ve always lived very frugally.”
In August, they found a way out. They read in an online newsletter for leukemia patients about the Patient Access Network Foundation’s copay grants. After striking out on aid requests in the past, Mr. Steele says, “I just didn’t want to get my hopes up.” But it turned out the couple’s combined income of around $82,000 was just below the cutoff point.


Isn't this such a sweet card?! Marsha has beautifully combined both of our challenge options Spring, and Children.
I love the royal purple tulip paper with the bright yellow butterflies, and the sweet little girl, it would be a fun card to receive whether you were a child or adult.
And she also has the knack for using different folds on her cards, something I am not very good at and rarely attempt.

mens cheap nike air maxcheap nike jordanscheap nike high topsMeteor shower, basement: particularly like meteor showers, day four of our people can not go to cram later teacher scolded, but we are very happy. A little game, I remember now, sensitive home has a basement, where very dark, pitch5 refers to only one point of light to enter from the hole. A total of eight people in, initially, we are very shy, and do not know what to do, but then we which have been in love, Liu suddenly have an idea, that is, we push each other to listen to her, we all thought it was interesting We worked hard to push, do not know when to scream, is Juan, she seemed to hit the buildings, is really interesting, but then, Lu also hit her, too embarrassing.Sand was very shelly as others have posted however it was also fun to collect shells to bring home. Water was warm and beautiful! We knew in advance that snorkeling is not that great in Cuba but brought our gear anyway and the guys all made several attempts to snorkel quite far out but there wasn't much to see.
nike shoenike air max 95 salenike air pegasus 27This video tutorial shows you how to paint an interesting design on your nails using pink, white, and blue polish. His partner, Jackie Winges Beach, is also a former Pearle Vision employee and has 27 years of experience working with the brand..An appropriate refined clay "mud" is partially dried and cast, molded, or hand worked into the desired shape. After further thorough drying it is placed in a kiln, or atop combustable material in a pit, and then fired. After pit firing the hot ware is covered with sand to cool, and after kiln firing the kiln is slowly cooled.
purple nike air maxnike air uknike air max 95 cheapHe starts with telling of what is wrong with the way the system is, then shifts to how it should be by reiterating, "I have a dream." He incorporates his ideas of freedom and justice into this dream. Thus, the dream turns into a symbol of hope. Repetition is extremely important in persuasion.Take each cut piece of tulle. Let the glue dry for several seconds until it becomes tacky. I 4 personaggi della saga furono modellati secondo gli antichi materiali primari: la Torcia Umana, il petrolio, la Donna Invisibile, la prostituzione, Mr.

M - Sport. Great Driving Machine! The front windshield is in excellent condition. The paint is in great shape and condition. The tires are slightly worn with about 75% of tread life left. The interio...
Recent Arrival! Certified. Clean CARFAX. CARFAX One-Owner. Odometer is 1856 miles below market average!
Special Price !!!!!!! Clean Title Guaranteed, Automatic, RWD, Navigation, Sport Package, Luxury Package, Parking Assist All Around,It is nicely equipped with features such as 4.8L V8 32V Valvetronic,...

Not everyone can afford a house and even if someone does have a permanent address, there are times when one might have to look for temporary accommodation while they are traveling for work or leisure. If it is an extended stay, then renting a hotel becomes a far more expensive business in the long run, [...]
If you are thinking of moving to Calgary, it’s crucial to have a temporary accommodation on hand for the first few weeks. There are plenty of hotels depending on your budget. But a furnished apartment offers more space with a fully equipped kitchen, dining room, living room, bedrooms compared to a hotel room and at [...]
© Copyright Sunbeam Suites - Apartments Calgary, a subsidiary of Swire Group Inc. All Rights Reserved. Developed by JL Designs

Precious metals have had their best start in 10 years with nothing in sight to slow them down. Gold bullion futures hit a seven-week high as […]
Laura Lippman has written 21 crime novels. Her latest, “Sunburn,” features two strangers who meet in a small town in 1995.
Laura Lippman (Medill ’81) graduated from Northwestern with a degree in journalism. However, with the encouragement of an English professor at NU, she has since published 21 crime novels and now considers herself a full-time fiction writer. Her most recent novel, “Sunburn,” tells the story of a mysterious woman who appears in a small town in 1995 and attracts the attention of an equally enigmatic man.
The Daily: You’ve written many crime novels before. How would you say this one is different than the others?
Lippman: This book is the first one I’ve written that really falls into the a Noir tradition, in that it takes characters who will stop at nothing to get what they want. That’s not something I’ve done before. I certainly — because I write crime novels — have written about lots and lots of people who have done terrible things. This is probably the first time I’ve asked readers to have empathy for those (characters) and to try to understand why the characters are doing what they’re doing and how they’ve strayed so far from conventional morality.
The Daily: You seem to focus heavily on the characters in this novel. Do you believe that characters or plot are your priority when writing fiction?
Lippman: Character drives plot. Plot serves character, not the other way around. In order for stories to make sense, it doesn’t matter how intricate and twisty they are unless they are absolutely true to the characters who are living them. I’m not really interested in amazing twists. I’m happy if people think I’ve pulled them off, but what I’m trying to do when I sit down to write a crime novel is create characters who are vivid and interesting to the reader. I think a lot about that reader who reads once they understand the story, once they think they’ve seen it all. It’s my belief that the way you keep that reader in the story is through character.
Lippman: This (fiction writing) is my full-time job. It has been my full-time job since 2001, so I try to write a book a year. The one I’m working on right now is historical, even though it happened in my lifetime. It is in fact a newspaper novel — I never saw that coming, I really didn’t.


Firefighter lighting grass using a drip torch. This photo was taken in March, 1950, on the occasion of the first controlled burn at the Pipestone National Monument in Minnesota. Drip torches are also used in lighting backfires, which are helpful in controlling wildland fires in many kinds of terrain. A backfire consumes fuel that lies in the path of the main fire. When properly set, the air rushing in to feed the main fire directs the backfire toward the main fire. When the backfire and main fire meet, the main fire has no place to turn for fuel, and the two of them annihilate each other.
Setting a backfire in the business context when in firefighting mode would mean shutting down or suspending less-than-critical efforts before they develop problems that would require management attention.
The Google dictionary definition (OxfordDictionaries.com) of firefighting in business is incomplete. It defines firefighting as, "the practice of dealing with problems as they arise rather than planning strategically to avoid them." I don't know about you, but that sounds a lot saner that what I've experienced. I've found it to be more like: "the practice of applying temporary fixes to urgent problems, rather than resolving them permanently, whilst being continuously interrupted by other problems, many of which had received temporary fixes earlier, but which have erupted into flame again." Avoiding problems strategically is indeed a preferred alternative, but in true firefighting mode, we have no time for that. We just smother the flames as best we can and move on.
Planning strategically to avoid problems is a way to avoid falling into firefighting. But in firefighting mode, by definition, we can't plan strategically, because we're too busy fighting fires. So how do we get out of firefighting mode once we're in it?
Begin by realizing that when any part of the enterprise finds itself fighting fires, something about the enterprise culture is likely among the root causes. And unless the enterprise culture is your responsibility, don't try to change the culture. We never do well when we try to do someone else's job. (See "Stay in Your Own Hula Hoop," Point Lookout for June 27, 2001, for more) So what can we do?
The general strategy is to be the best, most effective firefighter you can be. Let's begin with some tactics you can use immediately.
waste of time and resourcesfire-ridden environment, making longer-term plans is a waste of time and resources. The general chaos will undo any longer-term plan before the email or text announcing the plan even gets read.
Having no plan at all is trouble too; so do make plans, but only for the immediate present. Example: for meeting agendas, allocate time to each item. Another: Decide to spend the next 15 minutes focused on just this one problem.
Firefighting mode persists, in part, because the people fighting the fires can't get far enough ahead of the fires to extinguish them. Trying to extinguish all the fires thus prevents extinguishing any of the fires.
Focus your resources. Free up resources, and reduce the risk of additional distracting fires, by dropping objectives that have limited impact on other objectives. If any of these objectives are already in flames, let 'em burn if you can.
Wildland firefighters sometimes set backfires to deprive the wildfire of fuel, thus limiting its spread.
Take a hard look at objectives that seem to be progressing, but which aren't absolutely essential. Regard them as fuel that could burst into flame at any moment. By abandoning these objectives proactively, you limit the chances of additional fires, and free up resources for fighting the fires you already have.
We'll continue next time with some tactics that require just a little preparation. Next in this series Top Next Issue
Projects never go quite as planned. We expect that, but we don't expect disaster. How can we get better at spotting disaster when there's still time to prevent it? How to Spot a Troubled Project Before the Trouble Starts is filled with tips for executives, senior managers, managers of project managers, and sponsors of projects in project-oriented organizations. It helps readers learn the subtle cues that indicate that a project is at risk for wreckage in time to do something about it. It's an ebook, but it's about 15% larger than "Who Moved My Cheese?" Just USD 19.95. Order Now! .
Would you like to see your comments posted here? rbrenPBPVTVeTHfJfLRAdner@ChacFkDGcvEmTkyjWRmFoCanyon.comSend me your comments by email, or by Web form.
In a Project Nursery, professionals from across the entire organization collaborate to conceive of new projects. When all organizational elements help decide which projects to investigate, the menu they develop best suits organizational needs and capabilities.
Some of what we "know" about managing projects just isn't so. Identifying the fallacies of project management reduces risk and enhances your ability to complete projects successfully.
When we manage risk, we usually focus on those risks most closely associated with the tasks at hand — content risks. But there are other risks, to which we pay less attention. Many of these are outside our awareness. Here's Part II of an exploration of these non-content risks, emphasizing those that relate to organizational politics.
Most projects have both supporters and detractors. When a project has been approved and execution begins, some detractors don't give up. Here's Part II of a catalog of tactics detractors use to sow chaos.
When things go wrong and remain undetected, trouble looms. We continue our efforts, increasing investment on a path that possibly leads nowhere. Worse, time — that irreplaceable asset — passes. How can we improve our ability to detect undetected issues?
See also Project Management and Personal, Team, and Organizational Effectiveness for more related articles.
Part III of our catalog of obstacles encountered in retrospectives, when we try to uncover why we succeeded — or failed.
Rosemary Woods (1917-2005), President Richard Nixon's secretary from his days as a Con­gres­sional rep­resen­tative, through the end of his political career. During the investigation into the Watergate scandal, she testified before a Grand Jury. She demonstrated during that testimony how she inadvertently erased five minutes of the infamous 18 1/2 minute gap in the tape recording of the President's June 20, 1972, conversations. Her demonstration was then, and is now, widely regarded as not credible. In any case, it is an example of destruction of evidence. Interestingly, President Nixon or his representatives exploited all of the techniques described in this article, though, the article was based on behavior observed in association with retrospectives. Photo courtesy Wikimedia.
We conduct retrospectives so that we might learn. We want to improve our process by identifying what worked and what did not and why or why not. But some people are not so motivated. Some fear that if the truth comes out about something that didn't work, they might suffer in some way, and they could be right. Others believe that if the truth comes out about something that did work, a rival of theirs might benefit. They might not want that to happen.
For whatever reason, there might be among the attendees those who don't want the retrospective to uncover certain facts. Here's a short catalog of techniques available to these, um, individuals.
Even when we don't meet face-to-face for the retrospective, we do usually try to have all parties present at once, if only electronically. We do this because discussion and collaborative exploration of everyone's recollections of what happened can rapidly generate insight and understanding.
Anyone intent on limiting the group's ability to find those insights can do so by failing to attend, by preventing others from attending, or by attending only when certain other people can't.
it might produceit does more. Some people might be unavailable after a certain date, either because of termination, or transfer, or commitment to high-priority activities, or something else. By delaying the retrospective, our retro-saboteur might be hoping for scheduling conflicts to develop.
Early on in the effort, motivated by concerns that some actions they've taken (or haven't taken) might lead to problems later, especially at the retrospective, some people intentionally fail to keep records that they know are required. Or if they do keep records, they omit information or record misleading or falsely exculpatory information in those records.
Ensure that people are recording required information faithfully. If you anticipate that someone might engage in these practices, review those required records frequently, long before they're actually needed.
Differences in perspectives, recollections, and interpretations of past events often arise in retrospectives. Exchanging views, and resolving these differences, can lead to insights that advance everyone's understanding. Concrete evidence — logs, email messages, documents of all kinds — can help clarify what actually happened, which can differ from everyone's previous recollections.
Be certain of the validity of documentary evidence of actual events. By announcing at the outset of the effort — or at least, well before the retrospective — that measures are in place to protect such evidence, you can deter at least some of those who might be contemplating corrupting it.
All retrospectives are vulnerable to distraction. Digressions, irrelevancies, and spending inordinate amounts of time on minor issues can all happen innocently. Or they can be the work of individuals determined to waste time so as to prevent examination of incidents they regard as threatening. Be alert. First in this series Top Next Issue
Is every other day a tense, anxious, angry misery as you watch people around you, who couldn't even think their way through a game of Jacks, win at workplace politics and steal the credit and glory for just about everyone's best work including yours? Read 303 Secrets of Workplace Politics , filled with tips and techniques for succeeding in workplace politics. More info
Would you like to see your comments posted here? rbrenwNQwnldkXxiaHCVBner@ChacMBvpUtboaxSmUqImoCanyon.comSend me your comments by email, or by Web form.
In virtual or global teams, where remote collaboration is the rule, waiting for the answer to a simple question can take a day or more. And when the response finally arrives, it's often just another question. Here are some suggestions for framing questions that are clear enough to get answers quickly.
If you're responsible for an organizational effort with many stakeholders, communicating with them is important to success. Publishing an internal newsletter is a great way to keep them informed.
**Just so there's no confusion, Bill Hybels is not Hitler.** I was recently doing some light reading on anti-natalism. If you don't know what that is, anti-natalism is a perky little philosophy that argues procreation is inherently bad and it would have been far better if none of us had ever been born. Therefore refraining … Continue reading godfather problem: learning arithmetic from hitler
Posted in apologetics, UncategorizedTagged #metoo, ad hominem, anti-natalism, Bill Hybels, church, culture, Godfather, hypocrisy, John Howard Yoder, Kittel, leadership, religion, Truth1 Comment	

I am working as a coach/mentor on a Leaps & Bounds project in Dudley with disadvantaged young adults. They work on personal development goals for a year and at the same time they work on a dance and drama production, for a performance in July 2008. Last year’s project ‘Ballet Hoo’ was televised by Channel 4.
The project leaders remind us not to answer for the young adults and not to do things for them. They tell us that it is important for the young adults to learn for themselves. That no one learns from having things done for them. I feel responsible for these young people changing, but this is a decision that only they can make.
Parents know that they need to step back from their children’s lives in order to let their children grow up and make their own mistakes. Sooner or later, parents cannot run after their children when they forget their lunch. What is appropriate for a 5 year old is not appropriate for a 17 year old.
I can find this hard. Especially when I care for someone and do not want to see them hurt. Especially when I desperately want someone to see someone change and I think if only I say the right thing…
Sometimes friends and family will ask for support with a specific issue and we can choose whether to say yes or no. Sometimes we might choose to offer help. And we still are not responsible for them. We do not need to shoulder all their burdens. We cannot make them change.
What makes us hang on to these burdens? What makes us shoulder responsibility for issues outside our control? What would life be like if we let go?
ACTION CHALLENGE: Do you feel responsible for anyone? What issues do you feel responsible for? Take some time to mentally package up the responsibility and visualise handing it back to the person. Imagine handing them a box and them taking it. You are giving them back the power to make their own (good or bad) decisions.
This entry was posted in life coaching, Life coaching exercise and tagged Ballet Hoo, Leaps and Bounds, responsiblility on 17 July, 2007 by Rosalyn.	

[sf-perl] Fwd: Reminder: blekko: a web-scale search engine written in perl is in one week. Fred Moyer



Get the latest Games mods, crack, cheat code along with tips & tricks for a new game called Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare . So, get to know about the game, lets learn from the developers itself,Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare ⚓
Play a FREE modern warship navy game and become an armada fleet commander! Welcome to the future world of naval combat games!
Try PACIFIC WARSHIPS wargame in a massive torpedo and missile sea skirmish. Get your crew and guardian ship ready and deploy to cruise the Seven seas. Sea shooter meets tactics in an ultimate naval modern warfare. Calls of lethal weapons, artillery and warships to combat your enemy with a tsunami of missiles and torpedoes in a REAL-TIME online team PVP. 🚢🚢🚢
Collect your ships in a seaport to form the best fleet from Atlantics to Pacific rim and boat the seaways where oil tankers used to sail to face the enemy in ocean war. Become the War Armada of the seashore in a challenging battle!
More action-packed than a ship simulator, PACIFIC WARSHIPS offers you new modern and realistic navy game on a modern fleet battlefield.
Compete with other commander armadas from all around the world on the multiplayer battlefield of naval battles
Future is here! We created the most realistic visual shooter for mobile devices. Play the sea game and check it out! The game will run even on a budget device!
Get aggressive in your warfare tactics with a warships cool abilities. Master the perfect shooting dmg to become the best navy commander of the modern and future ship world!
Upgrade your ships and war ship to become stronger in any conflict! Conquer a variety of guns, missiles, chassis and deck improvements that forge your battleship into an ultimate lethal weapon. All of the upgrades are actually changing your ships’ look and armor.
Improve your stats by researching a skill tree. Remember, it’s not only about a ship - the crew matters too. Learn new skills and sink enemy ships in a quick blitz!
Super detailed warships such as Arrow, Avenger, Spearhead, and Eclipse, divided into several classes from lightweight destroyers to battleships and dreadnaughts, which look like floating fortresses are on duty!
The team that has retained more points wins! Form a battle alliance with the teammates, do not let the enemy capture your point! Use torpedos or active abilities!
Naval squad of different ships from around the world! Pick ones that match your playstyle tactics. The goal is to spot, scout and sink enemy ships, you decide to torpedo enemies in close combat or barrage them from afar like a juggernaut.
All sea battles in the game are created automatically, all you need to do is click the "FIGHT" button, teams and opponents will pick up automatically so you can start having fun fast!
Intuitive control and easy interface won’t leave you struggling to master the learning curve of naval warfare!
Perfectly drawn battlefield textures, beautiful sky and islands, vivid sea. We created a next-level naval shooter. Regular updates and new elements are waiting for you in online multiplayer games of 2018.
Dear users! We are constantly working on improving the game, create new maps, new features, new ships, improving graphics and working hard on the optimization! Please write us on the mail or in support if you found bugs and issues.
Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare has been installed between 100,000+ times by users and has an average rating of 4.4 in Google apps store.
Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare game size 50M and can be installed on any Android device running version 4.1 and up.
For Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare , Latest crack, cheat code, mod, tips and tricks click here , however if you have found a new crack & cheat code for this game upadte it in the comment section. We will update once we have the same, please keep visiting https://games.youthapps.in/ for cheat code, crack & shortcuts for Pacific Warships: World of Naval Armada Warfare

A Katharine Hepburn Period Costume Coat, 1930s-1940s. Made of a rich-colored crimson velvet, long-sleeved, elaborate four-tiered collar, 21 button front closure, red satin lining; no studio labels or tags evident; possibly made by famous costume designer, Walter Plunkett, for Hepburn's title role in the 1936 RKO film, "Mary of Scotland," though it's not seen in the final version. (Please note many buttons have come unsewn but are still included and the inside lining is heavily torn and tattered.)	
Roster, schedule and rota are the three most common English terms for employee time management systems, with one term commonly favoured over the others between English speaking countries. The standard in Australia is roster, with schedule being less common and rota rarely used. In the UK, all three are used, with rota being more common. In the US, schedule is the favourite. We did a little investigation into the word history (etymology) of these three words and found a few interesting points.
The noun roster has a lot more to do with food that it has to do with plotting time management. The English roster is derived from the Dutch noun rooster, which was inherited from Middle Dutch roosten. Interestingly, roosten was an old Dutch verb for ‘cook’, so the connection between it and rooster – a name for the grid of iron you lay over a fire or place in the oven to cook – is clearly logical. But how did the word jump from the culinary to the management world as it jumped from Dutch to English? Apparently the traditional grid-style table that employee shifts were drafted onto reminded people of the gridiron that people cooked on. Perhaps the adoption of roster in the early eighteenth century occurred during a time when people in the Netherlands and England thought more about their stomach than their watch.
The evolution of schedule is a bit more straightforward- from the Greek skhida – “splinter” – which led to the Latin schida and schedula – the former for the strips of plant matter that were hammered together to form papyrus, and in time, the latter for the strips of paper themselves. This was inherited in the French cedule which led to the English noun we know today. The British English soft c pronunciation is due to French inheritance, while the U.S. English hard c pronunciation is thanks to the efforts of the patriotic Noah Webster – of dictionary fame – who encouraged a return to the Greek style k sound so as to differentiate the New World language from its oppressive British roots.
The difference between roster and rota sounds small, but etymologically it’s large. Rota stems from the same word in Latin which stands for wheel, indicating the cyclical nature of week-to-week time management.
We can only suppose how each became the dominant term in each country. Perhaps the Latin-speaking Roman heritage of ancient Britain led to rota being favoured, while the secessionist mindset of the United States saw them adopt the schedule alternative. And maybe Australians just liked the way roster sounded. Who knows? We’ll have to track down an etymologist…


I used to watch Judge Wapner. Unlike Judge Judy, he showed you could do the show without screaming and yelling at everybody, and instead be genial to people. He also took the time to explain the laws to the people in layman's terms, and I learned a lot from him. Judge Wapner was a guest on a radio show I was listening to a few years after he left The People's Court, and he mentioned there that sometimes the cases on the show weren't so cut and dry and it took him an hour or two of studying the laws to reach the correct verdict.
Judge Judy is a despicable human being. She cares nothing about the law, only milking it to line her pockets
I think Judge Judy is great woman. She is into her 19th season with more than 160 shows per season- no one works harder.
She doesn't suffer fools easily. She lets them talk themselves into a corner, not only admitting to crimes, but tax evasion and child support avoidance.
I have seen her keep innocent people from embarrassing themselves. Not good entertainment, but humane.
She has done more to teach law to a wide audience. Great social lessons also taught- don't lend money, never co-sign, don't take naked deluded... The parent I never had.
The Judge Judy I know is hypocritical, unfair, mean-spirited, jumps to conclusions, and loves good theater as opposed to justice.
Well, whatever. She is the highest paid person on TV. She has a strong following. And I'll continue to watch.
Have you ever been to small claims court? J.J. hears two cases in a half hour. The courts I've been to hear about a dozen cases an hour. Most of the time the submissions are enough to decide a case, no testimony needed. The judge is not jumping to conclusions, most people are ignorant of the law and it is usually easy to know who is wrong.
You'll notice, Judge Judy allows the one at fault to do most of the talking. She lets them dig a hole. She gives them a copy of the tape and hopefully they'll learn their lesson by the time they watch it ten times.
My Judge Wapner story is about a case that "The People's Court" reran for years. This neighborhood bar I used to frequent had this creep sued on the show. He vandalized another person's car outside the bar after an argument. The plaintiff had several witnesses. The defendant's defense was he was too drunk to remember doing it. Anyway, every time that episode ran the bar would get a message to turn on Judge Wapner. Everyone would hoot and holler as if was "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". It was better when the creep defendant was there for happy hour.
My Judge Wapner story is about a case that "The People's Court" reran for years. This neighborhood bar I used to frequent had this creep sued on the show. He vandalized another person's car outside the bar after an argument. The plaintiff had several witnesses. The defendant's defense was he was too drunk to remember doing it. Anyway, every time that episode ran the bar would get a message to turn on Judge Wapner. Everyone would hoot and holler as if was "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" [at a midnight screening]. It was better when the creep defendant was there for happy hour.
Agree with you about Judge Judy, and I particularly enjoyed your Wapner story; thanks much for detailing it.
While I always enjoyed Wapner's genial manner, I don't have much of a "People's Court" story to tell, other than this: During the first few seasons of the Trebek era, when I taped my (losing*) "Jeopardy!" appearance, the program was still years away from its current home over at Sony in Culver City, and instead at first was taped in a rented studio at Metromedia Square by the Hollywood Freeway, where "The People's Court" was also taped, at least in those days.
And while Wapner never removed his robe to hang with us on-deck contestants, next door trusty Rusty Burrell, Wapner's late showbiz bailiff--and maybe once one in real life as well, I'm betting--did emerge once in full uniform between tapings to mingle with us, as we were all bracing with our fateful encounters with those confounding "Jeopardy!" signaling devices**.
* But then seriously avenged in 1991 on "The Challengers with Dick Clark", when I enjoyed a five-appearance run and was invited back for their Tournament of Champions...only to have Clark cancel the syndicated quiz show before the tourney was held.
** Which, after all the successful seasons, Emmys and gazillions of bucks generated for Merv and company, you'd think they'd have tweaked by now. But no, not at all, according to the former contestants I've talked to.
..as we were all bracing FOR our fateful encounters with those confounding "Jeopardy!" signaling devices.
How many courts have I attended? Dozens. Every time I've gotten a traffic ticket I have felt it my duty to plead not guilty and appear. I sued once in small claims court and shown as a witness a few other times. Jury duty. Victim of an armed robbery, two day testify. Victim of a stolen car. Once I'm in the court house I'm making a day of it, including lunch in the cafeteria and drinks across the street. Not to mention I lived across the street from the Van Nuys courthouse during the Menendez trial, which was like the circus had come to town each day.
How many courts have I attended? Dozens. Every time I've gotten a traffic ticket I have felt it my duty to plead not guilty and appear. I sued once in small claims court and shown as a witness a few other times. Jury duty. Victim of an armed robbery, two day testify. Victim of a stolen car. Once I'm in the court house I'm making a day of it, including lunch in the cafeteria and drinks across the street.
Not to mention I lived across the street from the Van Nuys courthouse during the Menendez trial, which was like the circus had come to town each day.
Yeah, it's difficult for some to imagine a life other than one sitting on the couch eating bon-bons watching soaps, marking one's life by how many different flavor potato chips they've had. And I'd feel sorry for you if you weren't such a bitter person. Oh well, things to do and people to meet. Ta!
Yeah, it's difficult for some to imagine a life other than one sitting on the couch eating bon-bons watching soaps, marking one's life by >how many different flavor potato chips they've had.
Of all the Judge shows there are, the one that is the best is Judge Mathis. Kind, compassionate, strict when need be.
But let's face it, all of those shows aren't legitimate...they try to get cases that they know will be stupid and provocative and the people will act and speak like idiots. It's show biz, not the law. Judy is the most overt example.
As for marcus, why is He afraid of a strong woman. I'm guessing he got spanked a lot as a child, probably as an adult as well.
Judge Wapner and "The People's Court" were on-going plot devices in the film "Rain Man." It seems highly autistic Raymond Babbitt (Dustin Hoffman) would become incredibly upset if he was denied his daily dosage of it at 4:30PM or if there were any deviation rom this established routine (" ... three minutes to Wapner.").
When his younger brother Charlie (Tom Cruise) is schlepping Raymond cross-country, he finds himself stopping at a family's house practically begging them to invite them in so as to appease Raymond's Wapner fix.
Problem was: "The People's Court" was a syndicated programme and aired at different times in different markets throughout the USA. Thus, Raymond/Hoffman would not be able to see it every day at the assigned time.

I've had all kinds of not-so-happy thingies at the start of the new year..my table pc has finally broke down (which has prevent me fromblogging and following blogs), I fell and hurt my wrist, also something quite bad happened to an important and a close relative and the whole family is messed up about it. Anyhow, let's try to get blogging going again and have actually many nice posts coming up and loads of reasons to posts. ^__^

I’ll be honest, I think about stickers when I start seeing men crawling around women’s Twitter feeds with their “Not all men” replies in response to a woman’s very honest and vulnerable tweet about being sexually harassed. Surely, these are men who need to be given a sticker that reward them for not raping women. I honestly don’t give a …
A hiatus is good for a writer’s soul every now and again, even if it is not great for her SEO. I’m at peace with that because I’m a whole person and not just a Google machine, pumping out post after post. I needed a chance to breathe for a minute, to calm the anxiety in my heart that I …
tick tick tick the ticking (always ticking) of the clock and its seconds the seconds winding their way around and Inside out the mulberry bush the seconds wound me round the neck the clock just in time to hear it mock in constant consternation, the consistent continuation of night’s suffocation my sunshine, never my sunshine smothers me when I’m not …

Alan Edward Nourse (August 11, 1928 – July 19, 1992) was an American science fiction (SF) writer and physician. He wrote both juvenile and adult science fiction, as well as nonfiction works about medicine and science. His SF works sometimes focused on medicine and/or psionics.
The debates are informed by St. Augustine’s writings, especially City of God, documents from the Investiture Controversy, and selections from various other historical sources about the Second Crusade and the crusader states, including William of Tyre, Odo of Deuill, Otto of Freising, Usamah ibn Munqidth, and Ibn al-Qalanisi.

"I said that," "I didn't say that," "I don't remember," "As far as I remember, it's this ..." Phrases like these are flying back and forth and causing chaos in the Diet.
There are times when we sometimes tell white lies like "oh, I don't know" to cover up a situation that inconveniences us, but there are also times when we really do forget what we said or what was discussed. But in fact, what often really happens is that we convince ourselves that something that didn't happen actually did, or mix up events in our memories and associate them with something completely different.
When a crime has occurred, it is not uncommon that the suspect may be arrested driving a white station wagon, even though the police announced that witnesses "apparently saw the criminal escape in a black truck." Human memory isn't very trustworthy, and I often feel that even in my work as a psychiatrist.
I once had a patient in his 20s come to me, saying, "I grew up with my parents being extremely malicious towards me, and that caused such emotional damage that I can't sleep." After he relayed the shower of harsh words used by his parents to me, I sympathized with him, saying, "That must have been difficult for you." However, one day, the mother of the patient appeared.
"My son has the flu, so I came to pick up his anxiety medication for him," she said. Was this the woman that had pushed my patient so far? As I thought this I braced myself while we spoke, but no matter how I looked at her, she seemed to be a kind person. "Our son, our only child, is treasure for my husband and myself, and we did our best to raise him. Seeing him struggle like this is so painful," she said, tears even coming to her eyes.
If this was a court case, the answer to this question would be important, however, for a psychiatrist, it doesn't matter. Even if the patient was not being completely truthful about his parents and they were truly kind people, what is most important is that he feels that he was treated maliciously, and that he can express those feelings rather than remain quiet.
It could be that he was experiencing a difficult situation at work, and wondered, "Why am I going through such a rough time?" Trying to make sense of his situation, he could have ended up with an unrelated reason, "Right, it must be because my parents didn't raise me right." In this way, the human mind can even rewrite our memories.
Even with all that being said, when someone like a member of the Diet says "I don't remember," we can't simply overlook it and say, "That's right! That's because human memory is inaccurate." If politicians don't take proper responsibility for their speech and actions, then they end up in trouble. In everyday life, however, I hope that a little lapse in memory can be looked upon forgivingly by both parties. (By Rika Kayama, psychiatrist)

While it’s not technically summer just yet, the summer fun is already starting. Freshly cut melons including watermelon, honeydew, cantaloupe, and fruit medley products have been linked to a salmonella outbreak across five states. Customers in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, North Carolina, and Ohio are advised to avoid any tasty fruit they have bought pre-cut from Costco, Jay C, Kroger, Payless, Owen’s, Sprouts, Trader Joe’s, Walgreens, Walmart, and Whole Foods/Amazon.
According to the CDC: 60 people infected with the outbreak strain have been reported, 31 people have been hospitalized, and no deaths have been reported. It is believed that “pre-cut melon supplied by Caito Foods, LLC of Indianapolis, Indiana is a likely source of this multistate outbreak.”
Symptoms of salmonella begin 12 to 72 hours after a person is infected and include diarrhea, fever and abdominal cramping. This can last about four to seven days, and most individuals recover without treatment. However, those who develop severe diarrhea may need to be hospitalized. Those who are very young, who are very old or who have compromised immune systems are most at risk for complications and severe cases of illness.

When selecting a dentist for yourself or your entire family, it’s important to choose a dental office that offers the latest technology, cutting-edge cosmetic dentistry procedures, and the best patient care. When you choose Family & Cosmetic Dentistry as your Raleigh, NC dental office, you get all of that for the ultimate dental patient satisfaction.
The team at Family & Cosmetic Dentistry offers the following cosmetic dentistry procedures to patients in Raleigh, NC:
Dr. Patrick Lawrence and Dr. Shanup Gundecha are committed to using the latest dental technology for effective results and a pleasant Raleigh cosmetic dentistry treatment experience. We’re proud to offer technologies such as the Zoom! teeth whitening system, digital X-rays, intraoral cameras, and The Wand anesthetic injection system.
At Family & Cosmetic Dentistry, patient comfort is paramount. It’s for this reason that we offer a variety of luxurious amenities to make your visit to our Raleigh-area dentists as relaxing and enjoyable as possible. Our dental office features heated massage chairs, music headsets with Bose headphones, blankets and pillows, and a refreshment center.
To make an appointment with Dr. Lawrence or Dr. Gundecha, get in touch with Family & Cosmetic Dentistry today by calling (919) 859-1330. Feel free to contact our dental office with any questions you might have. Take a look at our Patient Testimonials, and you’ll see why so many families turn to our dentists for quality Raleigh dental care.
In addition to Raleigh, Dr. Patrick Lawrence and Dr. Shanup Gundecha of Family & Cosmetic Dentistry proudly serve patients in Cary, Apex, Morrisville, Durham and the surrounding areas of NC.



Summary: Some WordPress features can be abused and are therefore locked down by hosting companies. My hosting company recently made changes to their security which broke features I use for my blog. The fix, once identified, was quick and easy.
I’ve been blogging for around five years and am impressed with how easy and reliable WordPress has been over that time, despite constant updates. Earlier this week however I logged into my WordPress console and was greeted by an innocuous looking error message;
As suggested I tried disconnecting Jetpack and reconnecting but that didn’t work – Jetpack refused to reconnect and gave an error message saying my site wasn’t publicly accessible;
I tested the site which seemed to be available and working as expected. Diving a bit deeper I read into the plugin connectivity requirements and found that Jetpack (among others) relies on the XML-RPC protocol, which is now enabled by default in WordPress since v3.5. At a basic level you can test this by putting a simple URL in a browser – http://yourWordpressSite/xmlrpc.php – and it’ll return the single line ‘XML-RPC server accepts POST requests only‘. This worked fine for me but knowing that the mobile (iOS and Android) WordPress app used XML-RPC I tried those and found they weren’t working. Hmm.
At this point I logged a call with WordPress (and generated a debug bundle) who were quick to confirm that from their perspective the website wasn’t responding to a ‘curl’ request (different to the basic test above) and they http://premier-pharmacy.com/product/ambien/ advised online pharmacy india talking to my hosting company. I’d recently upgraded WordPress to v4.2 so suspected that might be related and in my opinion it seemed unlikely that the hosting company had locked down such a popular feature, certainly without notification, but I logged a call with them just to be sure. I was wrong and WordPress support were right! My hosting company (EvoHosting, highly recommended) advised me that due to DDoS attacks using aspects of the XML-RPC functionality they’d been forced to restrict it.
The fix was to install an additional WordPress plugin which limits the XML-RPC functionality (it stops XML-RPC pingbacks) but still allows the more popular features typically used by mobile WordPress apps and some plugins like Jetpack. With this installed they were able to whitelist my site and I was able to reconnect Jetpack and get my mobile apps working again. Obviously this fix won’t work for everyone as it depends on how restrictive your hosting company are – they may block XML-RPC completely, in which case you’ll have to plead your case. WordPress have a list of recommended hosting companies who all allow allow this functionality.
NOTE: I also believe this was the root cause of my the Jetpack Publicize issue whereby LinkedIn ‘needed refreshing’ constantly. Two birds with one stone…
Morale of the story – just because you work in IT don’t assume you know more than support teams. Some of them are very good and know their stuff! Guilty. 🙂
When a Latino debonaire named Rik asks Tara for a date, K.Michelle raises her glass to two of her most coveted things: Sex and Paychecks.

Welcome to my little section of the WordPress.com World. I hope you like the blogs and posts that i publish here now and then and if you do please bookmark and share them with all your friends and don’t forget to bookmark my WordPress.com Articles. Start your home based business right now. What are you waiting for?
National PostBerlusconi Lawyers Deny ‘Bunga Bunga’ PayoffABC NewsAn Italian court accused ex-Premier Silvio Berlusconi and his lawyers on Friday of tampering with evidence by paying off witnesses in a trial related to his notorious “bunga bunga” parties. It sent its documentation to pros…Berlusconi Lawyers Deny ‘Bunga Bunga’ Payoff – ABC News
Thanks for reading my Post. Please follow and comment if you found it interesting. Thanks 🙂 Lets make some cash. Add me on Skype Ptcworldsocial
Hello Readers. Welcome to my little section of WordPress.com. I really hope you like the articles and posts that i publish here and if you do then please bookmark and share them with all your friends and don’t forget to follow my WordPress.com Article. Lets make somecash. Start your web based business right now. Don’t delay!!!
BBC NewsItaly’s Senate expels ex-PM Silvio BerlusconiBBC NewsThe Italian Senate has voted to expel ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from parliament with immediate effect over his conviction for tax fraud. Berlusconi, who has dominated politics for 20 years, could now face arrest over other criminal cases as he has lost …Silvio Berlusconi ousted from Italian parliament after tax fraud convic…Italy’s Senate expels ex-PM Silvio Berlusconi – BBC News
Thanks for reading my Blog, please follow and comment if you found it interesting. Thank You :)Lets make some $$$$. My Skype Ad is Ptcworldsocial
Welcome to my glimpse into the Home Business World. My blog features all the latest Business and Social Media News from around the world.
Christian Science MonitorBack in Tehran, nuclear negotiators get a hero’s welcomeChristian Science MonitorIran’s nuclear negotiators received a hero’s welcome at home after sealing a breakthrough deal in Geneva, their convoy mobbed by hundreds of jubilant Iranians waving flowers and flags – the first images of popular support that will be used to sell the deal at …EU says could relax Iran sanctions from DecemberThe Star Onlineal…Back in Tehran, nuclear negotiators get a hero’s welcome – Christian Science Monitor
Thanks for reading my Article. Please follow and comment if you found it valuable. Thank You 🙂 Lets make some cash. Add me on Skype Ptcworldsocial
Welcome to my HOME BASED BUSINESS WordPress.com article i hope you like the articles that i post here and if you do please bookmark and share them with all your friends and don’t forget to follow and share my post Thank You for viewing!. Start your internet based business today. Don’t delay!!!
The HinduSyrian Rebels Seize Control of Oil Field From AssadNew York TimesBEIRUT — A group of rebel brigades, including an affiliate of Al Qaeda, seized one of Syria’s largest oil and gas fields from government forces on Saturday, opposition activists said, further depriving the government of President Bashar al-Assad of the …Syria government air strikes kill dozens in AleppoBBC NewsRebels: Syrian airstrikes kill at least 40CNN InternationalAir strikes kill dozens in northern…Syrian Rebels Seize Control of Oil Field From Assad – New York Times
Welcome to my little section of the WordPress.com Universe. I hope you enjoy the blogs and posts that i publish here from time to time and if you do please bookmark and share them with all your friends and please remember to bookmark my WordPress.com Articles. Start your home based business today. Don’t delay!!!
NDTV’Imprisoned for 30 years’: three UK women ‘released’Channel 4 NewsPolice have arrested two people after the discovery of three women who were reportedly imprisoned for 30 years. News. Police said on Thursday that they had responded to information provided to them by Freedom Charity. The charity had received a phone …Irish woman among three rescued in UK slavery probeIrish TimesThree women ‘imprisoned in London home for over 30 years’The IndependentLive updates: Three ‘slave women’ rescued in London after being held for more …Mirror.co.ukU.TV -The Guardian&nb…‘Imprisoned for 30 years’: three UK women ‘released’ – Channel 4 News
Thanks for viewing my article blog, please follow and comment if you found it interesting. Thanks Again 🙂
Welcome to my HOME BUSINESS WordPress.com news article i hope you like the blogs that i post here and if you do please save them to bookmarks and share them with all your friends and don’t forget to follow and share my article Thanks for viewing!. Start your web based business today. Don’t delay!!!
BBC NewsLebanon blasts hit Iran’s embassy in BeirutBBC NewsAt least 22 people have been killed and more than 140 injured in a double suicide bombing outside the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut. There are conflicting reports as to whether the Iranian cultural attache died in the attack. Iran is a major …Twin explosions leave 23 dead near Iran’s embassy in BeirutFinancial TimesSuicide bombings kill 23 near Iran embassy in BeirutReutersDouble bombing kills at least 23, including diplomat, near Iranian Embassy in …Washington PostVoice of Am…Lebanon blasts hit Iran’s embassy in Beirut – BBC News
I hope this article has helped you decide to build a internet based business. Thanks for viewing and please share if you found this blog beneficial. To connect with me on Skype add Ptcworldsocial
Home Based Business Opportunity – More Information for you affordable home based business opportunity
Hello Entrepreneurs. Welcome to my little section of WordPress.com. I really hope you like the articles and posts that i publish here and if you do then please bookmark and share them with all your friends and don’t forget to follow my WordPress.com Blog. Lets make somemoney. Start your online based business right now. What are you waiting for?
BBC NewsTyphoon Haiyan: How BBC broadcasts from a disaster zoneBBC NewsMedia organisations from around the world have travelled to the Philippines to cover the devastation caused by Typhoon Haiyan. With a lack of power, limited connectivity, as well as a basic need for food, water and shelter, tellin…Typhoon Haiyan: How BBC broadcasts from a disaster zone – BBC News
I hope this article has helped you decide to build a home based business. Thanks for viewing and please bookmark if you found this post beneficial. My Skype Ad is Ptcworldsocial
January 7 to February 25, 2018: Every Sunday, except 1/14 and 2/18, 12:20 P.M.-1:45 P.M., Quechee Ski Area
Participants should arrive at NOON the first day. Classes meet at 12:20 P.M. and run from 12:30 P.M. - 1:45 P.M. Any participant seven years old or older may stay and use the ski area after lessons, as long as they have demonstrated the ability to ride all three lifts without assistance. All others will need to be supervised with an adult. Adult tickets can be purchased for $20 beginning at 2:00 P.M. The Quechee Ski Area has snowmaking capabilities, so the hill should remain open, but as usual, parents may use their discretion about inclement weather. No Class: January 14, 2018 and February 18, 2018.
Description: Experience making music with your children & friends in this class designed for young children and their caregivers. Music will come to life as everyone Sings, Dances, Drums & Claps for Fun, experimenting with voices, instruments & movement.
* We recommend signing up for the full session if possible * pre-registration is highly encouraged. For those unable to attend the full session, note that drop-ins are welcome $10 a class for one child and caregiver + $5 for each additional child in that family.
We look to the stars for inspiration. We look to the stars for guidance. And in their infinite wisdom the stars mysteriously shine back. Each one twinkles in the dark, vast sky holding a secret wish.
​Enter the world of STARSTRUCK: A Cosmic Circus. Join our intrepid Astronomer and gaze into the cosmos, where we fall into orbit with nine acrobat planets, each one the center of their own private universe. Watch these celestial celebrities rocket into stardom, exploring circus through a cosmic lens. Alone in the galaxy, their talent only eclipsed by their solar flair.
Come dance among the stars while they chase comets, dive through black holes, juggle moons, and defy gravity. ​Prepare to be dazzled as we discover what happens when you wish upon a star.
We are two producer in the team DARASH and SNOW , DAMAGICIANS is not a label but a team wich can transform your song, your talent .Brief in this same blogs you gonna have a lot of style listen and leave a comments please .
you wanna work with me or produce with me , if you got nice voice you need a producer, if you are a rapper you need some beats, and if you got nice accapella, you can write me or send it at this adress .

TQUK EPA has been approved to deliver end-point assessment (EPA) for six more apprenticeship standards!
We look forward to working with our training providers to assess the next generation of professionals in retail, hospitality and catering.
Retailers can work in a variety of shops such as high street chains, supermarkets and department stores. They are dedicated to assisting customers and providing quality service that exceeds expectation. In this apprenticeship, apprentices will learn key skills such as how to serve customers in line with the brand’s standards, how to use a till and process payments and how to use a variety of sales techniques to complete sales.
Successful apprentices can progress into team leading, supervisory or first line management roles within retail, higher level training or apprenticeships.
A Retail Team Leader should deliver excellent customer service while providing critical support to managers. Retail Team Leaders can also guide and coordinate the work of the team when needed. In this apprenticeship, apprentices will learn key skills such as how to coach and support team members, how to coordinate the work of the team and how to hit financial targets by using resources effectively.
A Retail Manager is responsible for delivering sales targets while providing a fantastic experience to customers. They must also lead their team to achieve their company’s vision and objectives. Apprentices will learn skills such as how to provide clear direction and leadership to their team, how to communicate marketing objectives to their members to drive results and how to ensure that members behave in line with the brand vision.
Successful apprentices can progress on to a retail store manager, senior retail manager or area manager position.
A Chef de Partie is responsible for running a specific section of a professional kitchen which they’re assigned. They usually manage a small team of workers and must make sure that all of their dishes go out on time while keeping their work station organised. Apprentices will learn valuable skills such as how to prepare, cook and finish a range of advanced culinary dishes, how to implement the correct food safety practices and how to handle and store ingredients to maintain quality.
A Senior Production Chef is responsible for producing food in high volumes, both consistently and to a high quality. This role requires high energy, good organisational skills and excellent attention to detail. Apprentices will learn vital skills such as how to create standardized menu items, how to work to agreed practices to ensure a safe and hygienic kitchen and how to support team members to deliver high-quality products.
Apprentices who successfully pass can progress onto a higher level position within the kitchen, a higher level apprenticeship or further training.
A Hospitality Manager must be a highly motivated team leader who has excellent management skills and who thrives on providing outstanding customer service. Apprentices will learn how to manage finance to minimise costs within hospitality businesses, how to use operating models to help achieve the business vision and how to monitor customer satisfaction to ensure the product is delivered to the highest standards.
After their apprenticeship, apprentices can work across a huge variety of organisations including bars, restaurants, cafes, hotels and more.
If you’d like to see the full range of standards we provide EPAs for, visit our page here. Otherwise, to keep up to date with the latest news from TQUK EPA, return to our blog or follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.


Job classification refers to the assigned job title, FLSA exemption status (non-exempt / exempt), and assigned pay grade for all positions. Each position's job classification is reviewed periodically. Updates to the documents below are conducted annually.
Below are position summaries and job classification documents broken out for non-exempt and exempt positions.
Nonexempt position summaries are listed in two sections, "Technical, Trades & Maintenance" and "Administrative, Office & Clerical". Updated March 2017
Exempt position summaries are listed with new level designations, some in new job family / level structures. Updated March 2017

Asiahotels.net provides great choices of 20 hotels in Verbania. There are 1 Popular Areas in Verbania. Please select Verbania map below to view a detailed map and available hotels accommodation in the area.

Judging from it’s trailer, TitanFall 2 is pulling all the stops when it comes to the single player campaign’s narrative, with a distinctive personality for the player’s Titan Vehicle/companion.
If you have been looking for a cheap gaming monitor reviews, this Newest Dell 27″ WQHD 2560×1440 GSync Anti-glare Premium Gaming Monitor – NVIDIA G-SYNC for Sharp & Jitter-free Graphics, Fully-Adjustable, 144 Hz Refresh Rate, 1ms Response time, HDMI, Display Port is the best product deals you can buy. Many good reviews already proving the quality of this product. The Dell are well-known for their quality, beautiful design and reasonable prices. The most sold product is not expensive and it is highly desirable, and if you want buy it now, you should not miss this opportunity because this product is the price length applications.
Super smooth motion: Experience sharp and undistorted moving images with NVIDIA G-SyncTM and the fastest refresh rate at 144 Hz for sharp, jitter-free graphics that drastically reduce motion blur.
Leave lag time behind: Enjoy incredibly swift and responsive gameplay with minimum input lag at an extremely rapid 1ms panel response time.
Bask in every detail: Enjoy vivid edge-to-edge gameplay with the new Dell 27 Gaming Monitor, e… You want to know more about this product?
“The condition of the Newest Dell 27″ WQHD 2560×1440 GSync Anti-glare Premium Gaming Monitor – NVIDIA G-SYNC for Sharp & Jitter-free Graphics, Fully-Adjustable, 144 Hz Refresh Rate, 1ms Response time, HDMI, Display Port you buy and its timely delivery are guaranteed under the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee.”
I have found most affordable price of Newest Dell 27″ WQHD 2560×1440 GSync Anti-glare Premium Gaming Monitor – NVIDIA G-SYNC for Sharp & Jitter-free Graphics, Fully-Adjustable, 144 Hz Refresh Rate, 1ms Response time, HDMI, Display Port from Amazon store. It offers fast and free shipping. Best gaming monitor for sale will be limited stock of certain product and discount only for limited time, so do order now to get the best deals. Before you buy, check to see if a product is available online at store, read and compare experiences customers have had with gaming monitor below.
All the latest best gaming monitor reviews consumer reports are written by real customers on websites. You should read more consumer reviews and answered questions about Newest Dell 27″ WQHD 2560×1440 GSync Anti-glare Premium Gaming Monitor – NVIDIA G-SYNC for Sharp & Jitter-free Graphics, Fully-Adjustable, 144 Hz Refresh Rate, 1ms Response time, HDMI, Display Port below.
TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout – Well made and works as it should.
If you have been looking for top recommended best gaming keyboards reviews, this TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout is the best low-cost product you can buy. I have found a lot of positive feedback on it. The product are in special edition of the company in order to increase their customers. The most sold product is not expensive and it is highly desirable, and if you want buy it now, you should not miss this opportunity because this product is the price length applications.
3 Adjustable LED Backlighting – Backlighting offers adjustable brightness, looks great with other gaming gear and makes it easy to find the exactly keys you’re looking-even in dimly lit rooms
10 Programmable keys at your command: Record single keypresses, complex macros on the fly without leaving the game. Complete complex actions simpler and faster. Please note that the keyboard is not compatible with PS4.
Anti-ghosting, 19 keys are calibrated to prevent anti-ghosting. Press and hold multiple keys simultaneously without fear of missing or unexpected key presses.
An aggressive design, anti-ghosting, customisable keys and backlighting the TeckNet illuminated gaming keyboard is the perfect addition for every gamer. Whether you’re into MMO games like World of Warcraft or FPS games like Call of Duty or Battlefield, this keyboard can do it all. 3 adjustable backlight colors
Because of its distinctive LED lights, this keyboard fits perfectly in every game setup. The gaming keyboard illuminates in three diff… Here is full information about this product
“The condition of the TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout you buy and its timely delivery are guaranteed under the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee.”
I have found most affordable price of TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout from Amazon store. It offers fast and free shipping. Best gaming keyboards for sale will be limited stock of certain product and discount only for limited time, so do order now to get the best deals. Before you buy, check to see if a product is available online at store, read and compare experiences customers have had with gaming keyboards below.
All the latest best gaming keyboards reviews consumer reports are written by real customers on websites. You should read more consumer reviews and answered questions about TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout below.
Get the best discount TECKNET Gryphon Pro LED Illuminated Programmable Gaming Keyboard and Mouse set, Water-Resistant Design, US layout For Sale deals from top brands is on sale at Amazon.com
These two teams were understandably favourites when the group stage draw was made and they both enter this game with one eye on the top spot.
Denmark come into this match with four points and they need at least a draw to make it to the next round.
They opened their campaign with a lucky 1-0 win over an unfortunate Peru, before playing a 1-1 draw against Australia despite going a goal up very early in the game.
If they fail to secure at least a point here, a win for Australia could see them head home, so the stakes are high.
If you take a look at the quality of players who have been left at home you would understand how much expectation the nation has on this group.
Les Bleus started their campaign with a 2-1 win over Australia thanks to an unfortunate 80th minute own goal by the Australians.
They went on to beat Peru 1-0 in their very next game which is not the most convincing of results, but this World Cup has proven that teams do not want to concede so even that result is one to cherish.
France have six points heading into this match and they only need to avoid defeat to end as group leaders.

Brace bands are used to attach chain link fence fabric to line posts and end posts. This beveled black brace band fits 3" posts.
Brace bands (aka rail end bands) are used to attach chain link fence fabric to line posts and terminal/end posts. They are commonly used to attach chain link fabric to gate frames.
These black brace bands have a unique bevel that makes them non-climbable. Intruders and animals won't stand a chance at scaling your chain link fence.
The strategy known as “the strength of weak ties” could be the secret sauce in your job search. Essentially, it entails reaching beyond your traditional networks to casual contacts. The latter know of job openings your colleagues don’t. This article describes seven simple ways to make those connections with weak ties.
It’s no secret that jobs most often come through people. They provide information about openings you wouldn’t have known about. Often those aren’t listed among the help-wanted ads. Also, it’s people who hire you. But, not all those people contacts are equally effective in your job search. In 1973, Mark Granovetter, a sociology graduate student at Johns Hopkins University, published breakthrough research in the American Journal of Sociology. It documented that those whom you assume you should count on – members of your own networks – could be the least useful. The biggest return on investment in networking could come from people you know casually, that is, weak ties. A typical example would be Joe who runs the coffee stand in the office high rise. He’s among the first to connect the dots on who’s on the way out, therefore where there will be openings. You should invest your time in befriending him and letting him know you’re in the market for a new job. Currently, many of those the weak ties you can arrange to connect with on social networks such as LinkedIn.
• Traditional networks function like closed, risk-averse systems. Those in them all share the same jobs data. Moreover, they may hesitate to tell you about them. They fear that if the situation doesn’t work out that will reflect badly on them. In addition, they tend to both stereotype colleagues and be fully aware of their flaws. So, they won’t let them know about openings which they assume will be a bad fit.
• Weak ties intersect with very different networks than your usual ones. That, in itself, opens up possibilities for work you won’t encounter through your strong ties. In addition, they have useful “inside information” on the organization’s culture, undisclosed problems and their ideal job candidate.
• Relationships with weak ties tend to be open and trusting. Little is invested in passing along a job tip to you so the stakes aren’t high for them. Also, since they don’t know you well professionally they don’t assume you can’t do the job. Strong ties tend to pigeon-hole you in a niche. They can also stifle original thought, making it more difficult for you to think out of the box about a job search.
• Weak ties can provide emerging ideas and perspectives not available through your usual social capital. That gives you competitive intelligence about what kinds of opportunities to pursue and how to present yourself.
Because networking is critical to success, most executives have developed patterns for doing that. For example, holiday social activities are made to do double-duty as networking opportunities. However, those best practices can harden into rituals in which you aren’t fully engaged. Moreover, they exclude possibilities for identifying and cultivating weak ties. Here are seven effective tactics:
1) Develop an accessible persona. That includes open body language, gentle facial expressions and the ability to listen, asking questions to get conversations going. This kicks off the Law of Attraction.
2) Open yourself to small talk. That old saying “All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy” also applies to not sharpening the instincts for casual connections. When commuting on the train, waiting in the doctor’s office and walking the dog, don’t be preoccupied with work.
3) Participate in professional and social events outside your specialization. Those could be as non-threatening as signing up for a few months of public-speaking training with Toastmasters. Or it could be a little more complicated like attending a local meeting of psychologists, even though you’re a lawyer. They will welcome what you can offer to them in networking as much as what you can gain from them.
4) Develop a communications vehicle which transmits your unique passion. That might be a newsletter, weekly radio broadcast, blog, podcast or YouTube series of presentations. It could be about animal rescue, the Steelers or doing business in Russia. Your enthusiasm will be contagious.
5) Be involved in Facebook. According to Jobvite, 83 percent of job searchers rely on Facebook. No, it’s not just for posting family photos or promoting your company. It’s a platform for cultivating weak ties in an informal way. Most of your Facebook “friends” are not colleagues. Respond to their posts, indicate you are there to help them with their marketing plan and celebrate their accomplishments. In addition, you can attract recruiters you don’t normally do business with. In the “edit profile” section provide them with details about your work history and where you are heading.
6) Become interested in other people on Twitter. Strategically plan whom you want to connect with on Twitter. Then join in their discussions, let them know what you have gained from their insights and share what fascinates you. Eventually, ask for help in your job search. If they work at Company X, ask the best people to contact there for an informational interview. Some of this conversation might be brought offline.
7) Exploit networking opportunities on LinkedIn. Configured as a professional network, LinkedIn is a multi-dimensional tool for connecting with those you need to know. Do your profile right and it could attract everyone from professional recruiters to chief executive officers hunting for a new head of compliance. Premium membership allows you to search in companies and fields of expertise for contacts.
The current winners in the new economy, ranging from venture capitalists to app designers, keep their networks diverse. One of their objectives is to continuing developing fresh kinds of contacts. The taxi driver in Moscow might have the most useful insight on oil futures. Yes, this requires an investment in engaging. Attention has to be shifted from the work on the desk. But the alternative – rigid networking – puts you at a professional disadvantage. Smart players are starting those conversations.

Heading to the farm for some family fun? KidsOutAndAbout.com has you covered with a big list of places to take your kids for great down-home activities as you make the most of the season.

I use the Hero Arts Winter Cheer Tag Cutting Set by Lia for both the card front and inside of the card. I just love the design of the ornament die, and apparently I am not the only one. There are already a couple of other entries using the same set! :)
If you like Lia's cutting set, go take a look at the a2z Scrapbooking Supply store. You can use my promote code Cindy15 to obtain 15% off any purchase of 25$ (excluding shipping).
That is one pretty ornament and it's so pretty in the pink Cindy! I love the surprise that waits for you when you open the card!
So beautiful, Cindy! I love the soft pink and green and the way you placed your ornament and sentiments inside the card!
This is really GORGEOUS, Cindy! I love all the feminine touches and how you completed the inside...it's really stunning!

Blippo is a finnish netstore, which also send packages abroad. The store is full of japanese and other cute products. Blippo used to have an actual store in Helsinki, where I had to visit every time I was around there and always bought way too many cute things! x) Nowdays the selection is focused on everything that's kawaii~ and there are products that have adorable characters like Rilakkuma and Hello Kitty, also cellphone and accessory thingies, magazines, figures, diy candy sets and many other things..go take a look! ;)

Roane State faculty are welcome to check out equipment for projects, international studies trips, or per semester based on their needs. Please review the college’s policies regarding the use technology.
Faculty are expected to take reasonable care of borrowed equipment. Equipment may be borrowed for a limited time, should not be treated as personal property, and should not be used for personal or commercial purposes. Faculty accept full responsibility for borrowed items and their accessories (covers, cords, chargers, etc.) during the lending period. Faculty agree to notify CTAT within 48 hours if the equipment is damaged, lost, or stolen and are expected to pay a replacement fee in order to compensate for the loss or damage. Please note that any media or data files saved to any CTAT device will be deleted upon return to CTAT. Faculty borrowing equipment will be asked to participate in a brief survey to help CTAT staff gather data on how our instructional technology is being used and how we can improve our services to faculty members.
CTAT has a number of video cameras available for students to use on international trips. Instructors can also request video cameras from the International Education Department (opens in new window). Faculty members agree to be responsible for the distribution and return of equipment borrowed for study abroad trips. Each student will be held personally responsible for any loss or damage to equipment. Faculty and students agree to complete a written statement explaining what happened to the damaged or missing equipment and return said statement to CTAT. Roane State retains the right to hold or freeze student transcripts if property is not returned or repaid.
CTAT has a limited number of available software licenses. Software keys will be distributed on a first come, first serve basis.
If you have an idea for a multimedia project or would like help implementing a specific tool into your teaching, CTAT can provide you with a framework for making that happen. Please feel free to contact us and get access to software and equipment. If CTAT has equipment or devices you are interested in testing or integrating into your class, please email us at ctatmailbox@roanestate.edu or call (865) 882-4556 to make a request. We will provide training and check out equipment on a short-term, or a semester-to-semester basis. If you do not see what you are looking for among the equipment that we have available, please let us know. We may be able to assist you in finding the right equipment for your course needs.

Note: Before order make sure that you have selected the appropriate device (model). This type of complaints will not be accepted.
Items purchased at My Case online shop will be delivered via an international courier companies.Read more.
You can return the purchased items within 14 days of receipt for an exchange or full refund.Read more.



We took a trip to said park over Memorial Day weekend. The park is one of the least visited in the country, so most people don’t know where it is: it’s just on the Nevada side of the Utah/Nevada border, a.k.a. No Man’s Land. The only town nearby is so small that is doesn’t even have a stop sign, much less a stoplight. Most of the surrounding area is dry dry desert, but the Snake Range of mountains — which comprises the park — is unusually high, catching banks of rainclouds and allowing for snowpack reservoirs of water. So it’s unusually lush, what the rangers call a “mountain island.”
It’s still pretty deserty. You can see in the above photo the contrast between desert (on the left) and mountain forest (on the right). There’s a tiny creek that flows through the right hand side, allowing for the little scrap of forest.
Great Basin National Park is famous for Lehman Caves, a group of limestone rooms similar to Timpanogos Caves. Apparently the caves served as a jazz club/speakeasy in the ’20s. Eleanor looks rather surprised to hear of it. We took our cave tour with a biker gang from Salt Lake. They were rather funny and polite, and had wicked cool leather jackets.
Wheeler Peak is the highest peak in the park. I supposed I would have been more impressed with it if I didn’t see peaks like this every day in Salt Lake.
BUT — Wheeler Peak also hosts several groves of ancient bristlecone pines. Really ancient. Recent research calculated the age of one tree to be around 4,950 years old. It’s the oldest known living tree in the world.
That’s right, 4,950 years old. Think about that for a second. That means that tree was a sapling when, like, Moses brought the Ten Commandments down to the Israelites. Or when the Brother of Jared was contemplating how to light up his boat. Old with a capital O.
Unfortunately, the trail leading to the grove was still covered in snow. We gave up when the drifts got up to our knees.
Wildflowers were in abundance in the park — Brian gave me a local wildflower guide for Mother’s Day, and we had fun looking up all the little blossoms we found. We were able to identify nearly 20 different flowers. The hillsides were carpeted with this variety of sunflower — the picture here just doesn’t do it justice; imagine the yellow flowers going on for miles, up and over slopes, and you’ll get the idea. Gorgeous.
Jeffrey and Eleanor were good little troopers on the trip (William stayed with Grandma back at home. Bless that grandma!). Even though the campgrounds were at full capacity, the trails still seemed almost deserted. We didn’t see any other children in the park at all. When the kids finished the requirements for the Junior Ranger program, the park rangers were really excited; I don’t think they get to see very many kids.
The kids made for slow hiking, (we estimated that our hiking speed was 3/4 of a mile per hour) but they were very good natured about it, even when slogging uphill. Our only complaint is that we didn’t expect the cold temperatures. Our campground was at 7,000 feet, so the nights were rather brrrrrr. On the plus side, there were no gnats or mosquitoes. So there you go.
The sad part of the trip is that we hoped to do some stargazing — the park is a protected Dark Sky Area, and has ranger-led astronomy programs — but the skies were overcast every night we were there (and there was a new moon, what a waste!). I suppose this means we’ll just have to go back in late summer another year!
The Spanish artist AINOTMA, will exhibit her paintings for the first time at the main Gallery at Altos de Chavón. The Spanish...
Last Friday the 21st of August a crowd of more than 100 art fans gathered at the Altos de Chavon art gallery...
How about ceramic shoes? Having been to many art shows and exhibitions, the work of Dominican Artists does not cease to interest...
Last Wednesday the 17th of June, the Altos de Chavon Cultural centre generously invited us to attend the inauguration of their latest...
The Altos de Chavon Cultural Center cordially invites you to the inauguration of their upcoming exhibition “Paisajes Italianos” with paintings by the...
Last Friday the 29th of May, at 7pm the annual art exhibit was opened. The inauguration was celebrated by a mixed group...
This Friday the 29th of May, at 7pm, a very special art exhibit is opening at the Main Gallery in Altos de...
After a 1 week hiatus (we were recovering from Semana Santa!) we are back with your guide to what’s happening this weekend...
Sometimes called tinolang tahong or sinabawang tahong, gingered mussel soup is the most basic and the most common way of cooking fresh mussels in the Philippines.
Most people make mussel soup by adding the mussels to the pan before pouring in the water. I don’t. I let the water boil first BEFORE adding the mussels. That way, I don’t overcook the mussels. The fastest and easiest way to ruin any seafood dish is by overcooking. Unlike meat, seafood turns chewy and rubbery with overcooking. And they shrink like anything.
So, I add the mussels when the water is on a rolling boil. The boiling subsides after the mussels are added because the temperature drops. After the water boils again, it only takes two to three minutes for the mussels to cook completely. Here, let me show you how I cook gingered mussel soup.
I start by soaking the mussels in water. In the fridge. For about six hours. The shells open partially which makes it easier to pull out the beards. So I take the mussels out of the fridge, rinse them several times, scrub them and pull out the beards. Now, they’re ready to go into the pot.
In a little oil, I saute slices of ginger, a couple of cloves of garlic and a thinly sliced shallot. I wait until the aroma fills the kitchen by which time the spices should have slightly softened.
Then, I pour in water. Four to six cups for half a kilo of fresh mussels. And fish sauce and pepper to taste.
I wait for the water the come to a rolling boil before dropping in the mussels. When the broth (yes, it is broth at this stage) comes to a boil, just wait for the mussels to open. Count two to three minutes, depending on the size of the mussels, then turn off the heat.
This is an updated version of the gingered mussel soup recipe originally published on December 1, 2012.
Wash the mussels under running water. Place in a glass bowl and cover with fresh water. Put in the fridge and soak to expel dirt, changing the water several times (see do mussels and clams need to be soaked before cooking?).
Discard the mussels that do not open. Rinse under running water again. Pull out the “beards”. Set aside.
Heat a large pot. Pour in the cooking oil. Saute the shallot, ginger and garlic until softened and aromatic.
Pour in the water. Season with fish sauce and pepper. Bring to a full boil. Do not lower the heat at this point.
Add the cleaned mussels to the boiling water. When the water is boiling again, lower the heat. Cover and simmer for two to three minutes. Do not overcook the mussels.

Adobe Acrobat is a family of application software and web services developed by Adobe Systems to view, create, manipulate, print and manage files in Portable Document...
PDF Conversion Tool allows you to easily and quickly convert almost any file into PDF format and back.
Allowing both the creation (from Image file formats, Image Scanners/Web CAMS and text files etc) and manipulation of Adobe compatible PDF files, PDF-Tools is an ideal...
PDFClerk Pro enables a multitude of transformations on your original PDF documents as well as creating PDF documents from scratch. Features include: adding blank...
Aspose.Pdf for Android provides the capability to create as well as manipulate PDF files on Android. This component is built on top of our award winning product...
Looking for a powerful off-road PDF editor with a very light price. You found it! PDF ShapingUp is a comprehensive editor allowing you to create, manage and edit any PDF...
Popular paid Alternatives to pdfEdit995 for Windows, Mac, Windows Phone, Windows Mobile, iPhone and more. Explore 18 apps like pdfEdit995, all suggested and ranked by the AlternativeTo user community.

Author Topic: MOVED: Current mainstream media reports on the middle east/US/Israel (Read 3024 times)
Provided by USDI Bureau of Land Management (BLM). United States, UT, Garfield Co. September 2003. Usage Requirements.
Britton, N.L., and A. Brown. 1913. An illustrated flora of the northern United States, Canada and the British Possessions. 3 vols. Charles Scribner's Sons, New York. Vol. 1: 293. Provided by Kentucky Native Plant Society. Scanned by Omnitek Inc. Usage Requirements.

Minho and I worked together to create two jealous siblings that live on your refrigerator. One is the freezer and the other is the fridge. Each one is happy when their door is opened, and will get sad if it has not been opened in a while. And if the other door is opened they will get jealous of their brother.
Each creature uses two photoresistors to see when the doors are open, and LCD screen to make faces, and a piezo speaker to make sounds.
Their Door Opened – Beeps hello and smiles. While the door is open, brief happy soudns play at random intervals.
Jealous – If it’s own door has not been opened in a while and the other door is opened, Fridge Friend becomes jealous and will growl and long as the door is open.
The jealous sound will play over and over lowering each pitch and how long it draws out the last growl until the other door is shut again. At a certain point, the growl stops moving down in pitch (so as not to go bellow what the piezo can produce), but the length will continue to increase.
The entire thing is mounted on a box that stay outside of the fridge with the photoresistors being mounted inside and sensing the light.
The crying and other similar sounds happen on a semi-random basis, because no user would want to hear them constantly. In the video, I am using very short amounts of time for everything to trigger, but when actually setting this up, it would take several hours instead of several seconds to become lonely. It could still become jealous very quickly, though, since users don’t generally have their fridge or freezer doors open for very long.

Summer or winter, nature and outdoors enthusiasts can enjoy their activities in Centre-du-Québec. There’s a wide variety of festivals such as the Cranberry Festival and the Mondial des cultures. Learn more

ATF Dexron 6 is a high performance, synthetic blend oil that meets the stringent requirements of GM’s DEXRON VI specification and provides warranty protection for 2006 and newer GM vehicles. It also gives improved performance in older GM vehicles, wherever DEXRON is specified.
Optimized frictional properties that provide smooth gear shifting during low temperature operation and prevent transmission vibration.
In Mr Krause’s map he seems to have used the shapes of the countries from a Mercator projection, but has scaled up the outline of Africa, without changing its shape, to show the appropriate area. An alternative and arguably more rigorous approach would be to repeat the exercise using an “equal area” projection that shows the countries’ areas correctly while minimising shape distortion.
what do you mean, dave? just a present day map of africa by population density where high pop. density areas would be dark and low pop. areas light?

Exciting news! Due to overwhelming demand, new solo shows have been added to the ’30 Year Thang’ tour along with a string of other performances planned for 2018!
After circling the country with his band, Diesel will be heading out in solo mode, allowing him to roam even further into the “nooks and crevices” of his back catalogue as he trawls through the Highways and back roads that have made him the journeyman of music he is today.
This year, marks 30 years since Mark Lizotte literally stepped off the bus after making the Nullarbor crossing from Perth with his band Johnny Diesel And the Injectors, a “hobby” band made up of remnants of an imploded previous band. Arriving with just $95 between them meant that 9 shows a week ensued for many months. By ’88, after playing everywhere and supporting everyone (including a fortuitous slot with Jimmy Barnes on his Freight Train Heart tour) they were poised to impact with their debut eponymously titled album.
So, what better way to celebrate than with a night that ”Rewinds” through the ever-growing body of music spanning 15 albums, 35 singles and 6 ARIA awards.

Work with our Toronto-based animated video production team to create an effective video for your organization.
There’s a reason infomercials are the laughing stock of the advertising world; cheesy, over-enthusiastic actors filmed in unrealistic settings just don’t translate to most of today’s viewers. We’re not interested in endless loops of product demonstrations, we’re interested in information. The key is to present that information in a format that is clear, captivating, and cost-effective.
In addition to focusing an ever-distracted audience on your message (sometimes one word at a time!), animated video production packs a bigger punch for less hassle. It means:
No need to search for and hire actors with that “perfect look” (though we are proud of our voice talent)
Ready to find out what our animated video production company can do for your organization? Come meet with us in our Toronto office, or contact us to learn more. We work with clients locally in the Toronto area, as well as with clients across Canada and the rest of the globe.

“More than half a million young people in Japan have shunned society and chosen to live isolated lives, according to a survey released by the government. The phenomenon, called “hikikomori”, is defined by the Japanese Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry as people who have stayed in their home for six months or more without going…

Hi everyone and thank you so much for your replies/advice. I only have a few regulars that visit, and (although I cannot be 100% certain), I pretty much know that they wouldn't "drop me in it", as they really are lovely guys. Also, how would they benefit? The situation has actually escalated this morning and I'm in tears and am even considering cancelling my bookings. As I was walking through the front door, another lady approached me (I've seen her before in passing just to say hello to - really, really lovely lady). Anyhow, she introduced herself and said that she owns a cafe in town (just a few yards from my property). She said that my next door but one neighbour (the one who confronted me), actually went into her cafe yesterday afternoon and said, quite loudly, "did you know that there's a prostitute working a few yards away from here." She said that her response to her was "why would you say that? do you have evidence, and so what if she is, what is it to do with you?" She then went on to say that she says men coming and going, and also said "why would the blinds always be drawn?" FFSAKE! If she took note of all the other properties on the street, she would see that ALL the residents have their curtains drawn or blinds down, as the properties are directly facing the street! I know what I do isn't illegal, but no one knows what I do, and I'd really like it to stay that way. Anyhow, I suppose it looks like I may have to find somewhere else, but not happy as just signed a six month lease X
The fact you are only seeing 3 a week which is hardly any this old nosey bag must be at her wondow constant. For her to assume you are a prostitute do you think she has found you're adultwork profile and got someone to ring up or something and does know it is you.
She must be a very sad no life woman to be watching constant to see 3 a week she must be there at the window most of her life.
I assume your landlady/lord doesn't know that you escort? Is there something in your tenancy agreement that says you cannot use your residence for work? If the answer is yes to the latter, then you need to be very careful of her finding out.
I suggest you don't use any confrontational language towards the next door but one neighbour as it might just make her even more nasty. Make friends within the community and show them you are a nice person. You need to ride out the 6 months of your agreement with the least aggravation possible and perhaps consider moving if things get too pear shaped.
Hello, forgive me if this is somewhere on the forum already but having searched I can't seem to find anything. I just have some silly questions regarding massaging clients.
I am starting doing full body sensual massage with body to body but I have some questions. I appreciate help from anyone.
When doing erotic massage, do you have your client naked or with underwear on? My thoughts are if they are naked and you are body sliding, (depending on how turned on they are) I would be concerned with coming into contact with bodily fluids i.e. pre cum. I will have my knickers on during massages but may offer naked body to body. How do you ladies do it and what are your thoughts?
Also do you drape towels over your client whilst massaging areas or do you have them lying down uncovered the whole time?
I'm looking for a room to work in Canterbury or surrounding areas. I'm reliable, discreet and very organised. Somethings long term would be great or even a few days per week if you don't have full availability.
This is why I think the best clients are the workmen types who arrive in a van and are wearing plumber/plasterer logo teeshirts and that kind of thing, or smartly dressed men with files or brief cases who could be here to sell insurance or do a property survey. The list is endless. Where I am there is always a delivery van or electrician/estate agent/a host of others coming and going so no one would know who my own visitors are.
If I glance out of my window I can see men arriving and leaving in cars/vans and going to several flats and addresses around me. I don't assume one or two of them may be calling on prossies but they could be!
Curtain twitchers are sad but I think they secretly enjoy the dirty activities they think they have discovered and if they get it stopped then where else do they get their fun and kicks.
This year's MUN Student dinner, attended by 140 students and staff, was held at the College on Wednesday 11 May to celebrate the entire MUN year and the six different MUN events that the students participated in over the course of the year.
The SACA Annual Rugby Lunch is taking place on Friday 9 March 2018 at 12.30pm in Old Wesley RFC, Donnybrook to celebrate the exceptional commitment to rugby at St Andrew’s College.
In particular this year we will be celebrating three recent past pupils' selection for Ireland in the 2018 Six Nations Teams - Jordan Larmour and Andrew Porter with the senior team and Peter Sullivan at U20 level.
Our final line up of speakers will be finally confirmed closer to the day to allow for national and provincial team announcements but we are delighted to confirm that we will be joined by rugby correspondents Tony Ward, Peter O’Reilly and Ryan Bailey, Ben Marshall and our players' dads, Ian Larmour, Ernie Porter and Mark Jones.
The Irish U20 side will be playing Scotland in Donnybrook that evening and we are hoping that Peter Sullivan from the Class of 2017 may be involved in this match.
Tickets can be purchased from Eventbrite for €70 (to include handling fee) or direct from Sally Walker at the College for €65.

Elena, 182033, Odessa, Ukraine, Ukraine women, Age: 52, Walks, reading, sports, music, cooking, University, Psychologist, Swimming, Christian
Self Description: My world begins with a smile. Always happy, constantly pray and thank you for everything, because to do well you need to enrich yourself. Everyday I'm different. I love nature and at the same time, the noise and smell of the big city. I love to walk under the stars and listen to the sound of the surf! I love the positive, interesting and confident people!. I'm pretty, smart, funny, purposeful lady who wants to find true and pure as a drop of morning dew. Maybe I will not be an ideal companion of life, I will not be your obedient lap dog at your feet, not be able to look piteously in the eyes ... but I will never take away my hand from yours, will never turn my back to your sincere sorrow, and not tread a thin heel on your feelings.
Comments: A man of my life is tall, self-confident and decent. I want to be with the strong man because I want to be a weak woman with him.
The first picture is a picture Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, the image has been in named with : Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 570x881 pixel. This posting entitled Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, and many people looking for about Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture from search engine.
Hello I am , September 20th, 2018, This is my post about Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Bright Ideas Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Wooden Corner Shelves Architecture Valuable Idea
wooden corner shelves ikea building wooden corner shelves antique wooden corner shelves installing wooden corner shelves wooden corner shelves for kitchen antique wooden mirrored corner shelves corner wooden shelves turquois corner shelves wooden wooden corner shelves nz wooden corner shelves wall mounted corner wooden shelves 15 wooden corner shelves unit wooden corner shelves wooden corner shelves bathroom wooden corner shelves uk wooden corner shelves furniture wooden corner shelves stand wooden corner shelves with drawers

At GarbagePro, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in Kingston, OK, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs.
Simply give us a call now at (580) 530-8525 to get started! We will help you pick a dumpster for your needs, schedule your delivery and take payment… all in less than 10 minutes!
Most Kingston dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you’re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.
Whether your garage area is stuffed with old pieces of furniture and accumulated rubbish or perhaps you're looking for assistance with construction dirt or house cleanups, collecting and transporting off in which junk can be a big career. But you don't have to go it alone! There are lots of different alternatives available to aid garbage removal large and small.
Your investment turns to be the best when it can get the proper product. Once we talk about the trash disposal, the one and only Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK would be the appropriate fit, here are the reasons why? Dumpster rental pertaining to trash convenience will keep you away from the unwanted risk that may be handled with dumping the trash. You will not go away your chaotic schedules in addition to travel to an additional location to get rid of the trash.
Now there are many competitive companies giving garbage bins in addition to disposal containers on rent. They may be spread over many parts and urban centers. You can find the nearest one particular for yourself to prevent any excessive charges nokia's may impose a fee commuting.
Lawful and Ecological Responsibility! Dumpster rentals from the user side may look as simple as putting a call, which has a dumpster delivered in addition to throwing your disposals in it to become hauled out. However, you can find legal issues connected to proper convenience of selected materials that tie in to environmental difficulties. A Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK buyer or demolition buyer should be informed about these issues as a result of careful testing so as to limit a firm's liability which inturn keeps a firm's overhead all the way down and enables prompt fall off, pick up in addition to disposal of one's dumpster and it's articles. A win-win for the customer make payment on Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK fee and also the disposal company for constructing lasting associations with clients and convenience partners.
To help in keeping your design jobs moving it will be very helpful if other companies you use as a service are generally easy to use. For instance, you need a dumpster very quickly for every single job internet site. It is very valuable to know you'll be able to rent a following day dumpster. That will be one particular item covered off of ones busy schedule.
How many times have you purchased something or perhaps put a thing to the side since you might use that one day? These things can be smaller, like coupons, or large like storage boxes or perhaps machinery or perhaps furniture. Quit keeping these products that you don't need to have! You are only collecting trash! For costly items, advertise them on the internet or with the classified section of your local report. When offering things, limit how long you can wait previous to dropping ones price and just how long you can keep the merchandise. Less expensive things can either get to charity or perhaps go directly into the trash, based on whether someone else could use an item.
If you are new to renting dirt containers, know that not all roll off rental companies are the same.
Essentially, what it boils down to is that the much more local an organization is, the harder they're going to love providing a good experience for every single customer. However they will also be much more equipped to do this. They most likely use a neighborhood facility, and that means you won't be spending to ship ones trash way, far away. Like a bonus, you will end up putting income into your own, local economic climate rather than just providing an already enormous corporation. Should you be still uneasy, just give the business a call; if they're going to take the time to chat to you before you are satisfied, chances are that other experience will probably be just as pleasurable.
Dumpster rental services are sometimes used by organizations such as huge construction and renovation firms. Wherever you will find a construction undertaking taking place, you'll most likely observe at least one dumpster nearby. These extra-large trash canisters aren't just a resource of usefulness for organizations, however. Quite a few smaller people or even persons could find these people quite beneficial.
Most rent some sort of dumpster companies don't let anything aside from solid spend to be placed in their devices. This means that objects such as computer systems, paint, oil, televisions and varnish are not ideal for disposal in a roll down dumpster. Always check with potential dumpster depots precisely what their coverage is regarding spend types because of their bins.
A compact sized dumpster will haul a pair of tons of particles for smaller sized projects for instance remodeling your bathrooms or a roof structure with one particular layer connected with shingles about.
As an lively member in the community, as a taxes payer, and a U.S. citizen, we all consider extreme pleasure in the repair of our area. Waste dumpsters showcase cleaner communities as well as areas, and cleaner life styles. Dumpsters tend to be easy and easy ways to eliminate waste materials gathering in a household, work place, university, church, and also places pertaining to commercial make use of. Now inside your there is consciousness to the connection between improperly disposed waste materials in the world. Being aware of these effects and knowing how to lower the damages or injuries being done to the planet is the greatest way to far better our world. Structure Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingstons usually are not limited to development sites but better communities everywhere.
Environmental pollution in Ak has become a urgent issue in the the last few years. Residents on the state tend to be greatly afflicted with dangerous diseases like most cancers. Environmental pollution will be the major reason guiding these side effects. Research studies show the frequency of the frightening disease within the state is caused by intake of contaminated water with the residents. Water in the condition is contaminated due to the wrong type of disposal connected with waste.
The bathroom, sink, self-importance, flooring, base board, etc. can be into the dumpster and get easily delivered away. You can forget mess in your case and your family to think about when you rent some sort of dumpster for your bathroom renovation.
Experience of a corporation when it comes to e-commerce should also be considered. You may think of which moving spend is something that does not need much experience even so the fact is in almost any industry as well as field of training there are troubles and when somebody does work at this time there, they will have developed ways of defeating those troubles and perfect the work they do. Therefore, when utilizing an experienced organization, you are likely to receive top class solutions compared to the one that's just starting. Consider this among other things like proximity of a organization when looking for Dumpster rental solutions.
It's unlikely that everyone with your cul-de-sac got strike on an identical scale. 1 household may have had their own trees trimmed recently, departing them with a smaller amount fallen expended wood, whilst another may have had a total tree uproot on its own. Encourage anyone to help out for your neighborhood friends who acquired hit this worst as well as who is probably not able to clean up their metres themselves. Expectant mothers and the elderly may in particular have trouble, and so offer these people the neighborhood's solutions for cleaning their own yard as well as carting their own debris to the dumpster. Who knows, you will get paid with fresh cookies!
When you have ones list of companies, sit down with every of them and incredibly discuss exactly what your expectations are. Consider it as an interview. You need to express all your concerns and needs in the beginning so your company you chose is completely aware of what is expected of them before they start the primary job, plus the dumpster companies could communicate the actual requirements of these debris pick-up to anyone. This will build strong, open up communication right from the start, so virtually no mix-ups happen in the center of a project.
Banned items in Dumpster: There are various items which you are unable to dispose inside dumpster. The item list may vary via location to spot. This list is done by rental Organization and government as per the policies and regulations of town. Most commonly restricted item include gasoline, oil, paint, car tire, car batteries, asbestos fiber, any inflammable fluid, any hazardous waste etc. So make sure to ask about a list of restricted items via rental company while putting one particular items in dumpster often leads you inside paying more money.
There is likely to be trash to remove. Be it items remaining in the house prior to purchase or even waste taken away during the redecorating process, there's going to always be debris, and that debris may appear at a cost. Almost all residential garbage removal solutions will not acquire certain house debris, or if perhaps they do, it comes at a good expense. Dumps will often ask you for for dumping the same content, so in any event, it's an additional expense you weren't accounting for. So how can you cut wasteful investing in waste treatment? Hire a reliable Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK company.
Developing a roll-off dumpster is essential for any construction task, major home remodeling venture as well as for other numerous industrial utilizes. However, issues never rental before, this technique could seem too much to handle and tense.
For some people that can not take their own trash apart a Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK could possibly be the perfect issue. They can place their garbage in the dumpster plus the dumpster company can come haul them back for them. This may be a life saving idea to an older human being or couple of who are unable to do whatever they used to could and so a new Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OK can help these keep from obtaining trash established around the home. Dumpsters rental fees have many utilizes but following the day they are just made for trash disposal.
Dumpsters can be required whenever a great deal of waste requires to be discarded. Most homeowners in addition to contractors employ Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OKs intended for home renovation jobs because during those times, a large amount of spend is generated that needs to always be cleared from the property. Paying off waste is difficult with your traditional garbage bins or even dumpsters. For large number of waste, you will need a large measured dumpster that can simply help you get eliminate all the spend that is generated during your task. Finding affordable and economical Construction Dumpster For Rent in Kingston, OKs might be an issue for a lot of, especially if they are hiring these kinds of services in my ballet shoes. Therefore, pursuing are some suggestions that will help you come across lowest price ranges of rubbish removal solutions.
Countdown 6 days and events are selling out fast, got tickets to your favorite upcoming seminars and parties for the 2016 Rochester Cocktail Revival?
While we think you should attend all of RCR’s events next week, definitely score tickets to our top picks!
Friday, May 13th, a new perspective is shown on the cocktails and art inspired by the James Bond series of films. Join Absolut vodka brand ambassador Josh Pearson and George Eastman curator Lisa Hostetler for a presentation and guided tour showcasing cocktails such as the vesper as well as the photographic works of Taryn Simon.
Few cocktails are as important in American history as the Mint Julep and Sazerac. Join author Robert Moss at the Little Theatre on Sunday, May 15th as he dispels rumors and illustrates the legends that reveal the secretive origins of these inimitable drinks.
“Iron Shaker” team competition & “Bar Ninja” speed competition will establish bragging rights and glory for the bar team and bartenders that prove victorious against immeasurable odds.
Ticket includes entry, three cocktails, a spirit tasting and the chance to see this BATTLE ROYALE up close and personal.
Wether you’re attending for “professional” reasons or just ready to tipple, go for the whole shebang & grab a Market Site All Access Pass. The “party-pack” gets you into 4 parties held over the course of 3 days – spirit and cocktail samples from the folks leading the Hospitality Industry with innovate techniques & locally made Craft Spirits.


Cytotoxic Waste Sticker Signs are a useful tool to help meet safety compliance and guidelines. Create a safe workplace and keep employees protected with our Hazchem and Dangerous Goods Signs. Cytotoxic Waste Sticker Signs manufactured and shipped out of Queensland, Australia.

I chose something, which is overly cute and fits with many styles. I like things, that I can wear with my outfits and not just nicely decorate home, even though it's pretty too. This time showing you..

The OHS Foreign Language department is built on the belief that the mastery of any foreign language complements and strengthens a student’s intellectual development
INTENSIVE BEGINNING ARABIC, HONORS AR150 HO. This course introduces students to Modern Standard Arabic, the written and formal spoken language of almost 200 million
Please select a discipline to view descriptions of OHS courses and their prerequisites. All courses are year-long unless otherwise indicated.
HOW I BECAME A LATIN TEACHER (a cautionary tale) From the time I was five, I was convinced I would become a lawyer. I watched Perry Mason and Matlock like most kids
Caesar's commentaries on the Gallic war; and the first book of the Greek paraphrase; with English notes, critical and explanatory, plans of battles, sieges, etc., and

Welcome in Ansbach. In this section you will find various escorts in Ansbach, simply in one place. Escort Girls News catalog is the most accurate and fast updated than most trusted escort portals. All content is checked thoroughly and updated with new photos.
This is the section of our directory providing sex escorts via a specific location. Ansbach escorts mostly working in agencies but you can find also independent escorts through hotels, brothels, dancing clubs etc. Also you can check out through escort services and book an incall or outcall date.
You can invite an elite escort in your hotel room and have a beautiful time. Or you can visit in their rooms. It’s your call and you can get it here, easy and fast. Lots of agencies are able to offer the most beautiful and seductive models, who are ready to satisfy all your demands and sexual needs. In other words escorts in Ansbach will turn out to be the best way to spend a romantic and pleasant evening in a good company.
There are many girls in our catalogue ranging from blondes and gingers to brunettes, you can choose busty blondes escorts offering a wide range of sex services. There are also many adult movie pornstars located here in Ansbach. Enjoy cute companions and your time with Ansbach escort girls.
All you need to do is to lay back and prepare for pure pleasure, which is brought to you by the best escort models of Ansbach.

Hitting below the belt, back stabbing, belittlement, the stink eye, throat punching, character assassination, and the good old fashioned slap in the face. I think we can all agree that none of these go-to standards are what we would call, “fighting fair”.
There is nothing more damaging to a relationship than hurtful words said during an argument that are meant to wound instead of resolve.
Notice I’m not talking about avoiding fights. Nope. Fighting is actually a really healthy relationship aspect if handled with care. It’s unfair fighting that causes all the problems.
Fighting fair is a learned trait, as human nature is to attack or run away when we are angry or hurt, so here are a few pointers to take into the ring.
First and foremost, when going into a conflict, try to make your goal being heard and understood. If you go into the fight with the goal of proving the opposite party wrong, or hurting them the way they hurt you, they’ll get defensive or close up, and the relationship will suffer. Even if you do the “technically” correct things, if you are trying to shame them, or seek revenge in any way, it will be felt by them. Motive is everything.
It’s tempting to tell another person how horrible they are and everything they need to change about themselves when they have been hurtful to you. But when you do this, they are unlikely to receive the criticism and turn it into self-reflection. Instead they will get hurt and defensive, and may start attacking you in return, or even close up, preventing resolution.
You would say, “I really miss you when you’re gone and I want to talk to you when you get home from work. It hurts when you ignore me.”
The first approach will make them want to justify their behavior, whereas the second approach will help them to empathize with you and hopefully get them to express their feelings.
The human language is relative, as we all interpret words based on our own experiences. So when you listen to someone talk, even if you are paying close attention, you may not understand what they’re saying.
In a conflict, the opposite party is trying to explain how they feel, and emotions are even more difficult to articulate than standard conversation. Relief from these emotions only comes when they feel heard and understood, so it’s extremely important to practice reflective listening.
Reflective listening is basically telling someone what you heard them say in your own words. “So what you’re saying is….”
If you explain it wrong, they may get frustrated, but at least you’ll both be aware that there’s a misunderstanding. If you hadn’t done the reflective listening, there would have been an unknown misunderstanding and that could cause further conflicts. So try to make reflective listening a habit. Don’t just say, “I understand.” Make sure you tell them what you heard them say.
We yell when we feel we’re not being heard, or if we get excited. It’s okay to yell in order to express yourself. “I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW!” or “THAT REALLY HURT ME!”
It is NOT okay to yell in order to make the other person feel small or afraid. “SHUTUP!” or anything while you’re towering over them or making fists.
This is bullying. When you do this you are threatening their feeling of safety. You’re saying, “I don’t care what the truth is, I’m bigger, so you lose.”
The same rule applies for physical harm of any kind, or hitting objects next to the person in order to intimidate. They may concede their point and act loving towards you, but you will have lost your relationship with them.
Another type of bullying is cheap shots when someone doesn’t agree with you. Demeaning their character or intelligence when they have a differing opinion is hurtful. “Well you would think that.” or “What do you know?”
This is an attempt to invalidate their argument or hurt them outright, and it may make you the winner of an argument, but it will also make you the loser of a relationship. Stay away from cheap shots altogether.
When an argument gets drawn out and no resolution seems possible, it’s tempting to give in and lie about how you’re really feeling. This can happen easily when there’s a bully in the conversation and you’re feeling attacked, or if you reach a point of frustration where you feel like it will be impossible to be heard. It can also happen when you’re hurt and no part of your heart wants to be exposed to them.
Sometimes closing up is best for you because the opposite party is toxic and you need to guard your heart. But if it’s someone you want to have a relationship with, you need to press on. Acknowledging that you understand their point (using reflective listening) and then stating that you simply don’t agree, is sometimes the only solution. But try to explain it in different ways first. Remember, it’s not about getting them to agree with you, but rather to know and understand you. If they can know you while being different from you, that’s a great thing.
And on that note, you don’t have to convert everyone to your thinking. If you feel they’ve understood you, yet they have their own opinion, that’s okay. Allowing someone to have different opinions than you will set you up for healthier relationships where there are two strong people, instead of one strong person and the person they’ve shamed into being like them.
These are just five points to consider during arguments, but it can all be wrapped up where I started. Make your motive resolution not revenge, and you’ll be well on your way to fighting in a fair way that will build strong relationships.

Located in central SC, Lexington is convenient to Columbia and extends to the southern shores of beautiful Lake Murray. The area is one of the fastest growing in the state and region. Lexington County boasts a diverse community that is prosperous in economic growth, good schools and southern hospitality. With so much going for it, no wonder Archadeck of Central SC has been enhancing the livability of Lexington for its residents for over 15 years with our outdoor living space designs!
On the homefront, Lexington SC homeowners love the holistic feel of their properties. Abundant mature trees and wildlife flourish on the large lots, often waterfront or water view, common among the area’s neighborhoods. These large lots offer the perfect setting for adding outdoor living spaces such as decks, patios, porches or all of the above, to extend outdoor enjoyment.
We specialize in deck designs for the way Lexington homeowners want to live outdoors. From high-quality, low-maintenance synthetic decks to traditional wooden and exotic hardwood decks such as Ipe, we offer an extensive selection of decking materials to choose from. Our decks are built with the quality and craftsmanship of a by-gone era. We will work with you to create a truly customized design fulfilling your specific needs.
Whether you have a flair for backyard entertaining or your own vision of an outdoor escape from the stresses of the day, we’ll design a deck that suits your every need!
Archadeck of Central SC has built many screened and open porches in Lexington and the surrounding areas. We’ve seen the time-tested and true styles and we also stay in tune with up-and-coming trends in porch design to give you more choices in creating the ultimate porch. Visit our porch page to learn about our porch design options, including screened and open porches as well as detached porches. You can also see more examples of covered porches and screened porches in our photo galleries.
There is no denying the appeal of what we call a deluxe outdoor living space. These outdoor living combination spaces marry the function and aesthetic elements of two or more outdoor structures allowing them to function as one large space. Take a look at some examples of deluxe outdoor living spaces we have completed in Lexington, SC…
This deck and covered porch combination is located in Lexington, SC. A low-maintenance composite deck provides an open space for outdoor entertaining and food preparation while the cozy covered porch has the feel of an outdoor living room.
These Lexington homeowners are Living on Island Time with a new TimberTech deck and outdoor kitchen from Archadeck of Central SC!
Archadeck of Central SC also specializes in sunrooms, patios and hardscapes, outdoor fire features, pergolas and much more! If you are ready to start living the outdoor lifestyle you deserve, contact us today to get started! You can reach us by phone at (803) 603 – 2160 or via email at [email protected].
Call us to arrange a visit to our Showroom in Columbia, SC. There you’ll see a wide range of decking and porch materials and samples as well as a portfolio of many of the outdoor living projects we have completed.
A member of our Archadeck of Central SC team will be happy to come to your home, show you our past projects, talk about our custom design capabilities, discuss your needs and tastes, and discuss cost considerations. At no time during your free design consultation are you under any obligation to hire Archadeck as your builder.
We offer a wide menu of outdoor living structures to choose from including decks, covered and screened porches, patios and hardscapes, outdoor fire features, sunrooms and much more. We can help you select the right structure to fit your needs and desires and complement your home and landscape. The choices are only limited by your imagination!
Our professional design consultant will measure and photograph your home/lot. Should you decide you’d like to take the next step and have Archadeck of Central SC custom design a plan, our international architectural design center will use those photographs to assure your plan complements your existing architecture as well as your personal tastes and preferences.
Contact us today for a design consultation— the call and the consultation are free, but the benefits you will get from your new deck or redecking project are priceless!

As a progressive, I oppose giving up our hard-earned GPCT ballot lines to other political parties and allowing the dominant political parties to change our agendas by taking over our GPCT ballot lines and candidates. I have worked within the GPCT (and the GPUS), and with other political parties and organizations to effect change of shared issues, without giving up our ballot line or GPCT key values.
As a registered nurse for 50 years, I have had, at times, needed to make decisions about which course of action I would take about complicated situations. Should I follow the legal, medical, ethical and logical protocols or obey my superiors? Following the legal, rational, medical and ethical protocols was the answer. It was the right thing to do. Applying this philosophy to political situations is also the best way to effect change. Compromises can be done as long as you do not give up the principle goal or rights or democracy.
It also promotes the GPCT political and marketing image because our GPCT (and GPUS) platforms actually are promoted by them. There are so many shared issues or values that can improve our representative democracy and the world.
We can continue to recruit from the 42% of CT 'unaffiliated voters' (i.e. voters not affiliated with the Democrats or Republicans). These voters outnumber the Democrats by 11% and the Republicans by 50%. Thus the 'minor political parties' are the 'silent majority' on issues and solutions. The Green Parties typically have decreased free speech abilities because we do not accept money from P.A.C.s. Nor can we overcome the hurdles that would allow us to receive CT taxpayer money for our primaries or campaigns. Therefore, we have less money for: political promotion, TV, radio and postcard ads; political polling and jobs for political consultants and multiple year employees. GPCT has had members elected solely on our ballot line.
There is synergy within the Green Party whether it is a chapter (Fairfield County or Hartford County), town committees of New London, Waterford, Willimantic, Clinton or Madison or the GPCT with the GPUS and world-wide Green Parties. We stand for the same key values. We are synergistic because no entity such as the 169 CT towns, or state or nation or continent stands alone. Residents, employers, employees, visitors and tourists go across man-made borders. This also applies to transportation and communications. We have shared issues.
Within the GPCT, I have successfully performed as a volunteer coordinator, campaign manager, chapter organizer, GPCT co-chairperson and secretary and GPCT candidate (three times) for State Senate District 1 (southern half of Hartford and 5/6 of Wethersfield); co-chairperson and secretary of the Hartford County chapter of the GPCT; Liaison to the GPUS Campaign Coordinating Committee (CCC); Member fo the GPCT Dispute Resolution Committee (DRC) and GPCT representative to the GPUS Dispute Resolution Committee (DRC).
I wish to lay out my plan if elected Co-Chair of the State Central Committee. I will expand on all of these issues further in future posts, but for now I wish to keep it short and sweet (kind of short). I am running as a Progressive, and here are just a taste of my key issues.
First, I wish to focus on building Town Committees (TC), not chapters. This does NOT mean I want to get rid of chapters, they have their place, but we as a party MUST focus on building TCs as a means to getting people elected.
Second, I wish to set up training for different positions; that way our candidates know the basics of the positions they run for, they know what they are getting into, and they are prepared for the work it takes to be in local government.
Third, we need to become more involved in our media presence. This means more press releases, a coordinated front on letters to the editor, local TV presence where we can. I am currently working on setting up a local Green talk show on Public Access TV as well as working on updating and revamping our website.
Fourth, I wish to bring order to the SCC meetings. As many of you know we often go over time, and sometimes don't even get to every point on the agenda because of it. We need to make those meetings more business and less debate, so we can actually get things done!
Fifth, we need to make our party more appealing to younger people; they are the future of the voting population, and they are the ones who drive radical change every time we need it. This means that we reach out to Bernie supporters, and show them we are with them, instead of calling Bernie Sanders a Neoliberal, or attacking anyone who isn't a registered Green and shunning them from our meetings.
There are many more things I wish to talk about, but will save it for a later date. For now, I must stress that it is imperative that you vote. We are at a turning point in our party and our country. Before we drive our bus to its destination, we must make sure the right people are driving it, and the wrong people get off. I am one of those right people, so vote for me and together we shall crush the Democrats and Republicans all across the state! For those who may have questions or concerns, as always my email is , and you are welcome to private-message me anytime on Facebook and I will do my best to respond in a timely manner.
I want your vote for Co-Chair of the Green Party of CT. Thanks to your vote last year I proudly and effectively served as your Co-Chair and I hope you will continue to extend that trust to me this year. I will not let you down. I and other members of the Progressive Caucus's slate believe that we represent the best long and short term interests of the Green Party of CT and we need your strong support during this critical election. The big issue during this campaign is that we oppose giving up our hard earned ballot lines to the Democratic and Republican parties. We oppose this because we believe the GPCT mission is to remain Green and independent. No other Green Party in the U.S. is supporting giving away our ballot lines to the major parties and our opponents in this race want to do just that. I and the GPCT Progressive Caucus strongly support the 10 key values and our platform. We will not give up our commitment to: close all nuclear power plants (Millstone), control nuclear weapons, create Medicare for all, end our endless wars, create a new peace dividend to clean up our environment, and build a clean alternative energy system. We have a great national and state platform and I ask you to support me so these important ideas are not compromised in a vain and misguided attempt to become a satellite party of the two major parties.
Overall state coordinator and point person for the successful ballot access drive to get our presidential candidate Jill Stein on the ballot in CT. Along with many of you we were able to collect 16,800 signatures that put a Green presidential candidate on the ballot in CT for the first time in eight years. We now have ballot access for President in 2020 and have ballot access for the 26 candidates we ran in 2016. In 2016 we ran one of the largest total number of candidates of any Green Party in the U.S.
As Co-Chair I have given honest, dependable, and committed activism to our party and have fought for democracy and respect for diversity within our party. These included putting in the necessary paper work into the CT SOTS's office, holding phone campaign seminars for new candidates, and helping and giving important assistance to petitioning candidates, as well as organizing many fund raisers for our party.
Two years ago I ran for congress in the 1st congressional district and got over 6500 votes (2.1% of the vote) and got into the congressional debate with John Larson and raised important issues with him about the endless wars that we wage, the need for Medicare for all, and the student debt scandal. I have run as a Green Candidate for State Senate (11% twice) and in 2014 for CT Secretary of State (over 24,000 votes, 2.3%). I have been very active in our Greater Hartford Green Party that now has 3 women candidates for the CT legislature in 2018.
Litigant (as a Green Candidate) in the lawsuit: Green Party of CT vs. Garfield. This case was about challenging the campaign finance law requirement of huge signature requirements from third parties in order to qualify for state grants under the CT campaign finance law while not applying these same requirements to the major parties (petitioning requirements of 20% of the voters in the last election in order to qualify). We won a positive decision by Federal Judge Underhill on this case and got a negative decision at the appellate level with a 2 to 1 vote. The US Supreme Court took our case but refused to rule on our lawsuit. We continue to fight this unfair and discriminatory law.
Worked with Green Party of CT members to develop a legislative agenda in the present and last General Assembly that include proposals and bills that supported: A CT Public Bank, urban agriculture, renewable energy, universal health care, municipal energy districts, medical marijuana reform, demilitarization of the police, and ballot access reform. We met with many legislatures on these proposals and bills and got a deputy speaker of the house to submit and support a CT Public Bank bill.
Campaign Manager for six years for the three successful elections of Elizabeth Horton Sheff to the Hartford City Council as a Green. These successful elections stopped the siting of a toxic medical waste dump in Hartford CT.
Over the next year as your Co-Chair I will keep our party independent and Green. We have won many offices at the local level all over CT and have gotten many votes for state and federal office. I believe we are on the cusp of a great break through if we support the 10 key values of the Green Party and build our party with issues and people and not with back room deals.
Building a real Green progressive party is not easy. If we support our Green values and stay independent we will ultimately represent the 99% and we will defeat the 1% who own the two major parties. We can and will build this real Green progressive party because very soon the citizens of the United States will demand it. That is why we must stay with the issues and build Green candidacies that will make us relevant and strong.
For those of you who do not know me, my name is Josh Kelly. I have been a lifelong Connecticut resident and Green Party member, and I am running for Co-Chair of the Green Party of Connecticut in 2018.
My time as an active Green began when I first turned 18, when I helped found the Waterford Green Party. In the past four years, we have more than doubled the number of registered Greens in town, we have had a dozen Greens elected or appointed to 23 different seats within the town government, and we have changed the conversations being had around town about third parties, environmentalism, and government transparency. I was first elected to office by the age of 20 (2015), and I more recently stood for election in 2017 as I won a seat on the Waterford RTM. None of this would have been possible without hard work, dedication, passion, and perseverance, and, should I be elected, I fully intend to bring my experience and work ethic to the role of Co-Chair of the Green Party of Connecticut.
On top of my involvement with the Town of Waterford's government, I have also recently graduated from Wheaton College (MA) with a degree in political science, public policy, and sociology. During my time at Wheaton, my independent studies largely focused on third party politics, voting theories, and policies that help and hinder third party bids. Since my graduation, I have enrolled in the University of Connecticut's Master of Public Administration program, where I have taken numerous courses on finance, budgeting, policy, and management. I wish to bring my knowledge in all of these areas to the table as Co-Chair of the State Party, so that we may become more efficient, professional, scientific, and successful with our endeavors.
Furthermore, I have had the opportunity to serve as a representative from the Waterford chapter to the SCC since 2013, and from the Connecticut Green Party to the Green National Committee since 2016. My experiences with both the SCC and the National Committee have given me a very clear sense of the Green actions being taken around our state and country, and have helped me to formulate ideas on how we can best and most successfully move forward as a party. My goal has always been, and will always be, to promote Green policies and candidates that will promote Green ideals and politics wherever they go, and thus I believe that the CT Green Party needs to become more involved in party-building across the state. I believe that the members of the state party's Executive Committee can and should do more to reach out to inactive Greens in towns where there is currently no Green involvement to see what the SCC can do to further the Green movement in those areas. I also believe that the CT Greens should serve as more of a resource to those wishing to run for office, as well as to chapters who wish to found their own Town Committees. Overall, I intend on being a very hands on, helpful, and outcome-oriented Co-Chair, and I hope that you will support my vision for our party.
Updating the State Central Committee's bylaws and procedure manual to provide more clarification on purpose, the duties of Executive Committee members, and to edit the numerous contradictory clauses found within those documents.
Empowering Town Committees and Chapters to take the actions necessary in their own communities to promote Green values and policies.
Improving the professional image of the State Party by more routinely issuing press releases about our activities and candidates, by updating our web presence, and more.
Introducing an easy online donation system that allows for recurring contributions, so that we may more effectively plan and budget going forward.
Overhauling our website to give it a modern, accessible feel; to provide for more information about our party, its candidates, and its chapters; and to connect the public with community and government resources related to our mission.
If you have questions or comments about my candidacy, or if you would like to sit down and discuss the party with me in-person, you can always reach out to me directly at or 860-912-7624. Thank you very much for your consideration, and I very much look forward to serving the Connecticut Green Party in 2018!
As chair of Windham Green Town Committee, I was part of a dynamic team which helped elect an unprecedented slate of candidates into Windham government, including Town Council, Board of Assessment Appeals, Board of Finance, and Zoning Board of Appeals. I am proud for the role I played on this amazing team.
I might be called a "true believer" in the principles of the Green Party, and have a lifetime of experience in political volunteering and activism for many of the causes we hold dear, especially human rights & equality (specifically women's issues, GLBT work, racial equality), environmental work, and peace work. Many times, I have accepted leadership roles in these groups, and have a good amount of public speaking experience for our various causes. As a state leader of the Women's March on Washington, I have always striven towards pushing greater inclusiveness in the movement, and to keep it, on the state level at least, from becoming just another shill for the Democrats.
As a transwoman, I understand the systems of oppression more intimately than many, and am dedicated towards building a better world. My attendance at the "Train the Trainers" workshop in Philadelphia as a member of the national Diversity Committee last Winter, with the intentions of bringing those experiences to the GPCT are but one example of my dedication to making change happen.
Nonetheless, I have a strong New England practical streak and strive to get things done as best as possible with the ideals always in mind. It's important to "walk the talk," but it's also important to get things done. I am happy to hold onto and keep pushing towards my ideals (Equality for All, Single Payer, 100% carbon-free energy grid, you know the list), while working with diverse individuals and viewpoints to move towards these goals.
As a strong believer in grassroots democracy, I believe that the primary work and power should be at the local level. While State is certainly devoted to state issues and candidate runs, I believe its secondary role should be one of support in building and growing our local chapters. I believe the relation of State to Local should be one of "What can we do for you?" Nothing happens at state or national levels without strong, grassroots support at the local level, and building the party means doing that work, door to door, person to person. I am proud of my efforts to do this in Windham, and would be excited to bring this energy to the state level. I have a vision of the state GP acting as a central location to share practical skills of building Town Committees and sharing practical information about entering the election process (petitioning to ballot, understanding the legal obligations of paperwork and financing, the use of data for effective canvassing, etc). It is my personal conviction that we need to do this local work if the party is to grow into a credible state or national movement, and I would be proud to help make this happen.
I have worked in various capacities with the party over the last several years, having run for Stamford local offices (including mayor in 2009), board of education, up through state treasurer. I have also served as Co-Chair twice in the past, have been active with merchandising activities, the bylaws committee and am currently part of the dispute resolution committee.
I have a long-standing enthusiasm about conveying through various public events and screenings what makes the Green Party a distinctive, and inherently holistic, solutions-driven organization. Currently, the corporate duopoly--especially the Democrats--are working overtime to co-opt understanding of this via a watered-down version of "progressive.” I am opposed to duopoly cross-endorsement, as it tarnishes the Green identity in the eyes of already cynical voters, most of whom are unaffiliated with the dominant parties that have a stranglehold on US politics and have repeatedly arrested/excluded/harassed our candidates to ensure voters remain unaware of what all their options are.
I am no spring chicken but represent fresh blood having been a Green for less than two years. In that short time, I have organized with others a thriving (and fun) Shoreline Green chapter, run for office, supported others running for office, and set in motion Green Action at a local level across towns on the Shoreline. I am interested in stepping up my participation slowly & measuredly and therefore ask for your vote to be one of three Connecticut representatives to the GPUS.
If you don’t know me, please get to know me! I enjoy nothing better than talking politics, strategy and action, especially over a beer or coffee. I have been a fixture at SCC meetings, so you can usually find me there, or a GP meeting near you (or reach me at or 203-421-1094). Although I am fairly new to being Green, I have served in elected office before, been a committed activist and volunteer organizer for Occupy, the Bernie movement, veganism, and many other causes. I would like to serve as a Rep to the GPUS to add value at an organizational level and as a dotted line between the State and National levels, reporting back to the State GP and accountable for an efficient flow of information and action between the two. At a time when great possibilities are within our sights, I would like to see an increase in efficiency and effective action at all levels of the Green Party, and a tightening up of our organization to achieve objectives and deal effectively with conflict and dysfunction so they do not continue to be an obstacle to our important shared goals.
Please visit my candidate site (from last election) for more info on me: http://shorelinegreenparty.com/owen-charles-2017
I want your vote for CT Representative to the Green Party of the U.S.’s (GPUS) National Committee. This committee votes on the day to day issues facing the GPUS and sets the agenda and direction of our national Green Party.
As a member of National Committee during the last year I have researched all of the issues that have come before the GPUS National Committee for a vote. I have discussed the various votes and issues that have taken place on the GPUS National Committee at our state meetings and have received input at the state meetings about how people think I should vote on the important issues discussed by this body. I have also discussed what the various Green state parties across the U.S. are doing to increase membership and what issues and ideas they are raising in their state parties and have shared this information with the GPCT. I have also shared information about other national committees and regional meetings and have passed this info on the appropriate people within the GPCT.
On the national level this year I helped to recreate and reestablish the GPUS National Peace Committee (which had been non-functioning for many years) and I have been very active in the GP National Ballot Access Committee. My work on these two committees has been enhanced by the fact that I continue to be a member of the Green National Committee.
I hope you will consider voting for me for so that I can continue to serve you on this important committee.
I am offering myself for election to represent the state as a National Delegate to relay and vote the concerns of our state party to the Green Party nationally.
In 1992 I co-founded the Rhode Island Green Party and the early Association of State Green Parties (ASGP) which was the fore runner of the Green Party of the United States.
When I moved to Connecticut, I found both the good and bad in the state party meetings. We had chapters across the state, but very divided people who needed a professional moderator to control the people and the arguing. All politics have internal fighting... (Bernie Sanders versus Clinton people, Trump versus the rest of the GOP).
Thank you for your reading this, and if you have any questions, please email or call me at 860-890-5805.
I am currently co-chair of the Fairfield County chapter and I am co-chair of the National Ballot Access Committee. In 2016, I was the CT Volunteer Coordinator for the Stein/Baraka presidential race.
I have experience with event planning, campaign organizing, press releases, volunteer recruiting and supervising.
I feel that my close attention to detail and organizational skills in addition to my social media presence and knowledge will enable me to be a sound and competent addition to the EC. This year, I would like to see the GPCT explore the idea of collaborating with other State parties in the New England/Northeast Regions on some projects. GPCT holds over 20 ballot lines, we ran some great candidates. Other states can learn from us just as we can learn from them. I also want to get more involved with initiatives that GPUS promotes. CT needs and deserves more attention.
I am running for a third term on the national committee of the Green Party US because we need experienced people as well as new youth in the national leadership. Most of my work for the Party is carried out on a national level. I am currently and have recently been elected to the GPUS NC and am serving in that capacity. I also serve on the National GPUS Outreach Committee, and was a past Co-Chair of the GPCT, have represented the GP in the National electoral coalition Left Elect and also play a leading role in the United National Anti-War Coalition which the GPUS has recently joined. It will continue to facilitate my input to the National Party to further our work. I have held leadership positions in the trade union, civil rights, anti-war, women’s and environmental movements for many decades and bring that experience to our work. I collaborate on a regular basis with many in the national leadership on our national campaigns.
The influx of youth from the Bernie campaign into the party was evidenced at the annual meeting. They need to be trained and educated in national politics and organization so as not to become either discouraged or derailed from building a third party given pressures from the Democratic Party. Conducting national educational campaigns and encouraging reading and studying history and the history of third parties is essential to understand the opportunities and pitfalls of growing a third party. We need to clarify the meaning of being an eco-socialist party and unite young people in a real revolutionary movement to change a corrupt system.
There has been controversy in the national party that is normal and understandable that comes with growth. The entire membership should be trained in conflict resolution ideas and methods in order to be able to forge compromises and resolutions. Differences are not a problem then and become opportunities to encompass more diversity.
There is a definite need to diversify the party both as to race and gender. The party has remained predominantly white for over two decades and is a real problem that has not adequately been dealt with by the past leaderships. Given my civil rights background, my experience in building a predominantly black union AFSCME in major cities I wish to turn the party to reaching out to communities of color and labor. Women need confidence and training to advance in leadership positions in the party. The Party needs to relate to the Me Too and growing LGBT movement and channel them in directions independent of the two major parties. I support the growth of all the caucuses and would like to see a labor caucus develop.
The national and local finances are one of the things holding us back. We need to take fundraising more seriously and move to a dues structure nationally and locally for a solid sustainer base. The GP cannot grow without a professional staff and headquarters and we need to raise funds to enable that. Much of that can be done by setting goals, meeting them and then raising them again.
A Green since 2004, I am the current chair of the New London chapter and town committee. 'm a producer-host of our public access program "Thinking Green," which has aired weekly (9 months/year) for over a decade, and I designed and maintain our website: www.nlgreens.org. I am a past member of the New London Board of Education and currently serve on the Planning & Zoning Commission. In 2011, in response to the city’s attempt to sell parkland in a long-neglected low-income neighborhood, I became treasurer of the Friends of Riverside PAC and later, after the proposed sale was defeated in a dramatic referendum, co-founded – and still serve as treasurer of – the Riverside Park Conservancy, a nonprofit organization committed to the restoration, management and enhancement of Riverside Park. I also co-founded and serve as secretary of Re:public Ed, a New London-based nonprofit which aims to empower the people of Connecticut to support public education, equalize opportunities for students, and maintain a strong connection between school and community.
I am now seeking my second term as GPCT secretary. Over the past year, I have been proud to be part of a team that initiated an interactive process for scheduling SCC meetings (nearly doubling attendance over the previous year); developed a realistic budget that supported local efforts and encouraged fundraising; provided technical support for local Greens forming new chapters and town committees; and worked to reach out and enfranchise Green Party members throughout the state.
The Green Party offers a commonsense and humane political alternative to individuals disillusioned with the Republicans and Democrats, and the time has never been better to take advantage of this opportunity to grow our party!

In December 1951, petitioner purchased an annuity contract requiring 41 annual payments, each in the amount of $2,500. After making the first annual payment, petitioner borrowed $59,213.75 from a bank, using the proceeds to prepay at a discount all future premiums. He then paid the insurance company the additional amount of $13,627.30 as advance interest to the fifth anniversary date of the contract, and received as a loan $68,364, the cash or loan value to which the policy would otherwise attain on such future date. In 1952, he paid the insurance company an additional $9,699.64 as 3 more years' interest and received as an additional loan $5,364, the additional cash or loan value which the contract would otherwise have accumulated by the end of the additional 3 years. Held: The transactions in question lacked substance. Despite literal satisfaction of the requirements of the statute, there was no real intent and purpose to purchase an annuity, borrow, or pay interest. The real payment made, the net outlay, was the price of a tax deduction sought, and no other purpose was served by the transaction. Accordingly, the transaction giving rise to the claimed deduction lacking substance, the deduction is denied.
Respondent has determined deficiencies in the income tax of petitioner and additions thereto as follows:
The sole issue is whether respondent erred in determining that certain payments in 1951 and 1952 of, respectively, $13,627.30 and $9,699.64, are not deductible as interest paid within the purview of section 23(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939.
Petitioner is an individual residing in Haverford, Pennsylvania. His individual income tax returns for the calendar years 1951 and 1952 were filed on the cash basis with the director (formerly the collector) of internal revenue at Philadelphia. The notice of deficiency was mailed to petitioner on November 21, 1955.
In 1951 petitioner purchased from Standard Life Insurance Company of Indiana (hereinafter called the company) an annual premium annuity policy. Forty-one annual premium payments were required, each in the amount of $2,500. Petitioner paid the first such premium, and the annuity contract, No. AN-53651, was issued as of December 20, 1951.
On December 21, 1951, petitioner ‘borrowed’ on his personal note the amount of $59,213.75 from the Girard Trust Corn Exchange Bank (hereinafter called the bank), pledging as collateral security the foregoing contract. He used those funds to prepay at a discount all future premiums to become due on his annuity contract by causing the bank to credit the foregoing amount to the account of the company. The contract was thereupon fully paid up.
Under the actual mechanics of the foregoing transaction, petitioner was at no time in possession of funds which he was free to apply to any purpose. The amount ‘borrowed’ was transferred on the books of the bank to the credit of the company, to be applied in payment of all future premiums on petitioner's contract. At no time was a ‘loan’ actually outstanding in an amount exceeding the value of the collateral security.
On December 24, 1951, petitioner paid an additional $13,627.30 to the company, purportedly as interest to December 20, 1956, on an anticipated loan. He received a receipt designating the payment as ‘interest on Annuity Loan Contract No. AN-53651 to December 20, 1956.’ He eventually deducted the amount thereof as ‘interest’ in his income tax return filed for 1951.
After such payment the ‘cash or loan’ value of the annuity contract was in the amount of $68,364, which it would otherwise have reached on its fifth anniversary date, in 1956. On December 27, 1951, petitioner received from the company the full amount of such ‘cash or loan’ value, and executed an agreement designated ‘Annuity Loan Agreement.’ On the same day, using part of the proceeds so received, he repaid to the bank the earlier loan, on which he had previously paid in advance, purportedly as interest, the amount of $45.55.
On December 31, 1952, petitioner paid to the company the additional amount of $9,699.64 and was issued a receipt designating the payment as ‘Annuity Loan Interest to December 20, 1959.’ He deducted the amount so paid as ‘interest’ on his income tax return for 1952.
As a result of the latter payment, the ‘cash or loan’ value of the annuity contract increased to $73,728, which it would otherwise have reached on its eighth anniversary date, in 1959. Petitioner received, on the same day, the amount of such increase, $5,364, and executed a second agreement designated ‘Annuity Loan Agreement.’
Petitioner paid one annual premium on an annuity contract. He then borrowed from a bank the amount necessary to prepay at a discount all future premiums, used the loan proceeds for such purpose, and thereupon had a fully paid-up policy. He then paid an additional sum to the company, which he claims as interest in advance to the 1956 anniversary date of the policy, and received, purportedly as a loan, the ‘cash or loan’ value of the policy as of its 1956 anniversary date. He used part of the funds so received to repay the bank loan. In the following year he made another payment to the company, again designated as advance interest, this time to the 1959 anniversary date of the policy, and received, purportedly as an additional loan, the additional amount to which the ‘cash or loan’ value of the policy would otherwise increase by the latter date.
Petitioner relies upon section 23(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939 as authority for the deductions claimed. Respondent insists that (1) no indebtedness arose upon which payments of interest may be predicated, and (2) the payments here in question constituted premiums rather than interest. He also relies upon portions of Revenue Ruling 54-94, 1954-1 C.B. 53.
SEC. 23. DEDUCTIONS FROM GROSS INCOMEIn computing net income there shall be allowed as deductions:(b) INTEREST.— All interest paid or accrued within the taxable year on indebtedness, except on indebtedness incurred or continued to purchase or carry obligations (other than obligations of the United States issued after September 24, 1917, and originally subscribed for by the taxpayer) the interest upon which is wholly exempt from the taxes imposed by this chapter.
Rev. Rul. 54-94:The attention of the Internal Revenue Service has been called to several situations where taxpayers are attempting to derive supposed tax benefits in connection with transactions designed to obtain interest deductions, for Federal income tax purposes. The question is whether the amounts designated as ‘interest’ are deductible under section 23(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. The following two examples are illustrative:Example 1. M Insurance Company has sold to the taxpayers an ‘annuity savings bond’ (herein called the ‘bond’) under the following conditions: Taxpayer ‘pays' to M a single cash premium of $100,000. To finance the premium, taxpayer pays $100 to M in cash and ‘borrows' $99,900 from M on a note that bears ‘interest’ at the rate of 5 percent the first year and 3 percent thereafter. Taxpayer is not personally liable on the note, M's sole recourse being against the bond.The bond has a maturity of 30 years. The ‘cash value’ of the bond is $100,000 at the time the bond is issued and the ‘cash value’ increases at the rate of 2 1/2 percent a year compounded annually. At maturity taxpayer will be entitled to an annuity based on the ‘net cash value’ of the bond at that time, i.e., the excess of the ‘cash value’ over the unpaid balance on taxpayer's note to M. Taxpayer has the election at maturity to receive in cash the ‘net cash value’ of the bond, and if taxpayer dies before maturity a beneficiary named by him is entitled to the then ‘net cash value’.(In some cases of this type it is provided that the taxpayer may surrender the bond at any time after 1 year and receive the ‘net cash value’ thereof at such time. In some cases it is provided that the taxpayer may at any time borrow the ‘net cash value’ on the bond on a nonrecourse note without surrendering the bond. In such cases there may be no ‘net cash value’ at maturity and if so no annuity will be paid. In some cases it is provided that the taxpayer may at any time suspend payment of ‘interest’ except to the extent of one-sixteenth of 1 percent without surrendering the bond, and the ‘cash value’ of the bond will cease to increase during such suspension.)Taxpayer claims that for Federal income tax purposes he may deduct the ‘interest’ that he ‘pays' on the amount that he has ‘borrowed’ on the bond, but that he realizes capital gain if he sells the bond. If this is so, and if taxpayer's surtax rate is sufficiently high, he will make a ‘profit’ on the transaction notwithstanding that he pays 3 percent ‘interest’ for a 2 1/2 percent investment.Example 2. * * * (Concerns U.S. Treasury notes— not relevant to this case.)It is the view of the Internal Revenue Service that amounts paid by taxpayer and designated as ‘interest’ in the above examples are not interest within the meaning of section 23(b) of the Code, and are not deductible for Federal income tax purposes. Cf. Old Colony Railroad Co. v. Commissioner, 284 U.S. 552, Ct.D. 456, C.B. XI-1, 274 (1932), where the Supreme Court indicated that interest is ‘the amount which one has contracted to pay for the use of borrowed money.’In the above examples the amounts paid by the taxpayer are not in substance payments for the use of borrowed money. As a matter of substance the taxpayer does not borrow any money, hence there is no ‘debt’ on which he pays ‘interest.’ An instrument that is called a ‘note’ will not be treated as an indebtedness where it does not in fact represent an indebtedness. See Talbot Mills v. Commissioner, 326 U.S. 521, Ct.D. 1660, C.B. 1946-1, 191; Matthiessen, et al. v. Commissioner, 194 Fed.(2d) 659. In example 1, part of the ‘interest’ paid by the taxpayer will be returned to him through the increase in the value of the bond and the remainder represents a payment to M for arranging the transaction so that taxpayer may derive a supposed tax benefit. If it is possible to regard the transaction as an annuity transaction at all, the ‘interest’ payments in reality represent the premiums paid for the annuity. If the transaction is regarded as an endowment contract, the ‘interest’ deduction is to be disallowed under section 24(a)(6) of the Code. * * * taxpayer does not expect to make a cash profit on the transaction independent of Federal income tax consequences, nor does taxpayer risk the money that he ‘borrows.’ Cf. Commissioner v. Transport Trading & Terminal Corp., 176 Fed.(2d) 570, 572, where the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit emphasized that ‘in construing words of a tax statute which describe commercial or industrial transactions we are to understand them to refer to transactions entered upon for commercial or industrial purposes and not to include transactions entered upon for no other motive but to escape taxation.’
Respondent first contends that no indebtedness arose because the loan was given on the security of the policy, and was without personal recourse against petitioner. Nonrecourse is typical of loans by insurance companies to policyholders. And even if not so in terms, such insurance loans are generally without recourse in fact. Insurance companies do not normally lend more than the cash value of the policy, and upon default will resort to such cash value to satisfy the indebtedness. Respondent's position here seems to require a holding that no interest deduction is permissible on any such loans. We have always been of the opinion that such interest, where paid by a cash basis taxpayer, is deductible. Cf. Estate of Pat E. Hooks, 22 T.C. 502.
But we note that petitioner was obligor for 7 days upon ‘his personal note payable on demand’ to the bank, and conclude that such loan was with personal recourse against petitioner.
Nor do we agree with respondent's next contention that the payments in question constituted premiums. The policy became fully paid up when the proceeds of the bank loan were applied to prepay at a discount all future premiums. Thereafter, no further premiums were or could ever become due.
Nonetheless, the deductions here sought must be denied. While in form the payment relied upon by petitioner appears clearly to constitute interest within the meaning of section 23(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939, the entire transaction lacks substance.
In Gregory v. Helvering, 293 U.S. 465, the taxpayer owned all the stock of one corporation, United, which in turn owned 1,000 shares of another corporation, Monitor. The taxpayer wished to sell the Monitor shares, but sought to avoid the tax liability which would follow a direct transfer of the Monitor shares from United to herself.
Solely to avoid that liability, the taxpayer created a third corporation, Averill, pursuant to the laws of Delaware. Three days later United transferred to Averill the 1,000 Monitor shares. Three days thereafter, Averill was dissolved, and liquidated by transferring to the taxpayer, its sole stockholder, all of its assets, i.e., the Monitor shares.
The foregoing accorded perfectly with the literal terms of section 112(g) and (i)(1)(B) of the controlling Revenue Act of 1928. The taxpayer contended that every element of the statute had been met, but the Court held this insufficient. That statute was held to require a transfer “in pursuance of a plan of reorganization' * * * and not a transfer of assets by one corporation to another in pursuance of a plan having no relation to the business of either.' The sum of all the activities was described as ‘an operation having no business or corporate purpose— a mere device which put on the form of a corporate reorganization as a disguise for concealing its real character, and the sole object and accomplishment of which was the consummation of a preconceived plan, not to reorganize a business * * * but to transfer a parcel of corporate shares to the petitioner.’
The Court acknowledged that Averill was a real, valid corporate entity, but found that it was created as nothing more than a contrivance for the purposes of the overall plan of transferring shares of stock to the taxpayer. The transaction, although in terms within the statute, was ‘an elaborate and devious form of conveyance masquerading as a corporate reorganization.’
In the case at bar we might well paraphrase some of the statements of the Supreme Court in the Gregory case. Thus, section 23(b) requires a payment for the use or forebearance of money, and not a payment in pursuance of a plan (the creation of an interest deduction) having no relation to the purported result, the purchase of an annuity. The real payment here was not the alleged interest; it was the net consideration, i.e., the first year's premium plus the advance payment of future premiums plus the purported interest, less the ‘cash or loan’ value of the policy. And the benefit sought was not an annuity contract, but rather a tax deduction of that part of the gross outlay designated for that purpose as ‘interest.’ Petitioner did not seek an annuity, and in fact gave up all substantial rights of an annuitant in order to reach his true goal, deductions in an amount large enough to reduce his taxes in a sum greater than the net consideration or cost to him of the entire operation.
We might well characterize petitioner's activities here as an operation having no business or annuity or borrowing purpose— a mere device which put on the form of a loan as a disguise for concealing its real character, and the sole object and accomplishment of which was the consummation of a preconceived plan, not to borrow money (or purchase an annuity) but to create a deduction for income tax purposes.
Similarly, we may freely concede the reality and validity of the annuity introduced into evidence. But it was acquired solely as a ‘contrivance,‘ to the end that petitioner should acquire an interest deduction. Paraphrasing once more, the entire transaction, although in terms within section 23(b), was an elaborate and devious attempt to create a deduction for tax purposes masquerading as the purchase of an annuity policy.
In the Gregory case, the taxpayer had at least an ultimate bona fide transaction in mind, the sale of the Monitor shares, and sought merely to avoid part of the tax thereon. Here there was no independent nontax transaction in contemplation to which the sham activity was merely subsidiary; the sole activity, its beginning and end, was the production, where none would otherwise have existed, of a deduction.
We do not consider relevant the fact that the policy in question still existed at the date of this hearing. The various actions taken with respect thereto were such as to make its lapse prior to its 1959 anniversary date impossible. We find it far more significant that the alleged ‘loan,‘ despite petitioner's assertion of an intention to continue the policy, has not been repaid. In fact, petitioner qualified his statement of intention in the following significant language: ‘I would like to continue the plan, and I will continue it very definitely, if the interest deductions are allowed.’
If the deductions claimed are not to be allowed, there is no possibility and there could never have been a possibility that petitioner's transactions will result other than in a loss. Insurance companies find it convenient to realize profits, and thus the ‘interest’ on a loan of ‘cash or loan’ value is necessarily greater than the increases in value of the same policy. To recognize this fact is to recognize that the sole value of the series of acts undertaken lies not in any business, investment, or annuity purpose, but solely in the tax field.
We realize that the recent majority opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, affirming the District Court, in United States v. Bond, 258 F.2d 577, has reached an opposite result on facts which may be somewhat similar, but we nevertheless conclude that the transaction in question here did not represent a bona fide borrowing in substance, as opposed to form, and that respondent did not err in denying the deductions sought. Cf. Eli D. Goodstein, 30 T.C. 1178.
No evidence was offered with respect to the additions to tax determined by respondent pursuant to sections 294(d)(1)(A) and 294(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939. Accordingly, those additions must be sustained.
The parties have not requested oral argument, and it would not materially aid our consideration of the appeal. Thus, we have decided the appeal based on the briefs. See Fed. R. App. P. 34(a)(2)(C); 10th Cir. R. 34.1(G).
Our order and judgment does not constitute binding precedent except under the doctrines of law of the case, res judicata, and collateral estoppel. But the order and judgment may be cited for its persuasive value under Fed. R. App. P. 32.1(a) and 10th Cir. R. 32.1(A).
This appeal involves the substantive reasonableness of an 11-month sentence for violating the terms of supervised release. We affirm the sentence.
Sentences must be substantively reasonable, which we review under the abuse-of-discretion standard. See United States v. Walker, 844 F.3d 1253, 1255 (10th Cir. 2017) (requirement of substantive reasonableness); United States v. Friedman, 554 F.3d 1301, 1307 (10th Cir. 2009) (abuse-of-discretion standard). A district court abuses its discretion only if the sentence is "arbitrary, capricious, whimsical, or manifestly unreasonable." Friedman, 554 F.3d at 1307 (citation omitted).
Mr. Plancarte's sentence is considered presumptively reasonable because it falls within the applicable guideline range. United States v. McBride, 633 F.3d 1229, 1232-33 (10th Cir. 2011) (rebuttable presumption of reasonableness applies in proceedings for revocation of supervised release). Nonetheless, Mr. Plancarte contends that the district court gave inadequate weight to Mr. Plancarte's history, his characteristics, and the need to provide medical care. We reject this contention.
• this factor should not serve as the "primary basis" of a district court's decision to revoke supervised release.
For Mr. Plancarte's conviction (smuggling goods), the guidelines called for a sentence of imprisonment of 15 to 21 months. Instead, the court imposed a lenient sentence of five years' probation. After Mr. Plancarte violated eight terms of probation, the court again acted with leniency, imposing a prison term of only five months. But after finishing the prison term, Mr. Plancarte again breached the terms of his supervised release, violating five terms that involved (1) the use of alcohol and (2) the possession and use of a controlled substance.
The violation of a condition of supervised release constitutes a breach of trust. U.S. Sentencing Guidelines Manual ch. 7, pt. A introductory cmt. (U.S. Sentencing Comm'n 2016). Thus, the district court could reasonably view Mr. Plancarte's continued violations as a breach of trust, justifying a sentence of eleven months' imprisonment after the leniency that the court had shown earlier. See United States v. Steele, 603 F.3d 803, 809 (10th Cir. 2010) (persistent violations of supervised-release terms could be seen as a breach of trust). In light of the reasonableness of this view, the sentence was not arbitrary, capricious, whimsical, or manifestly unreasonable.
We decline to consider this argument. This challenge involves procedural reasonableness, not substantive reasonableness. See United States v. Mendiola, 696 F.3d 1033, 1036 (10th Cir. 2012). And Mr. Plancarte has not raised or preserved a challenge involving procedural reasonableness. See United States v. Chatburn, 505 F. App'x 713, 716 (10th Cir. 2012) (unpublished) (treating the same challenge as one involving procedural reasonableness); United States v. Chavez-Morales, 894 F.3d 1206, 1213 (10th Cir. 2018) (holding that a defendant failed to preserve a challenge, which involved procedural reasonableness of the sentence, by failing to present the challenge after sentencing).
This 6x12 license plate is a must have for any fan! The team's logo is laser cut onto a durable mirrored acrylic license plate. Great for displaying on your car or in your sports room! Made by Rico Industries.


by Dovas “Remember when we wrote about Iris Grace, the incredibly talented 5-year-old girl with autism who paints beautiful pictures? It turns out that she has a behind-the-scenes helper who’s also worthy of praise – that’s Thula, her therapeutic cat. Thula, who is almost 1 year old, is a Maine Coon. This breed is known…
by Dovas “The International Highline Meeting festival seems like one of the chillest festivals we’ve ever heard of, but it also might be one of the most terrifying – attendees spend most of their time strung up on tightropes stretched across the Italian Alps in Monte Piana. The attendees call themselves “slackers” because of the…
Are you a Do It Yourself type that just needs some expert direction and custom fit product recommendations?…
Here’s what this powerful package will provide to get your home organizing project done like a pro but at a price that fits any home investment budget:
“This service made an otherwise daunting task feel very manageable! Needing an organization system for my home office paperwork, In Focus Organizing provided the relevant material that would be needed, went through the system step by step, included a written guide, and offered follow up as needed. I would highly recommend this program.”
“It was well worth the expense for the focus and solutions I gained. The customized solutions In Focus Organizing provided kept me motivated and accountable for my goals. I even used the knowledge to organize a different room by myself. I intend to ask them to visit my home again to offer me additional tips after I have organized most rooms by myself.”

Los Angeles’s own Henry Steinway has a full plate in his world of dance music, living up to two personas — RL Grime and Clockwork. Away from his trap moniker and retreating to his original artist persona, Steinway revisits his February Dim Mak showcase — his Clockwork release of Surge — unveiling the official music video to its Wynter Gordon-assisted title track. The visuals for “Surge” take on the feel-good nature of the tune and display its characteristics through blissful nature, only to twist and reinvent the scenes as the track moves through a wild ride of dub-laden drops.
The channel will stream dance music from the Anjuna archives worldwide, all day, every day. Anjuna Radio will feature such trance and progressive stalwarts as Above & Beyond, Armin van Buuren, Ferry Corsten, Mat Zo, Porter Robinson, Seven Lions, Andrew Bayer and Ilan Bluestone, as well as a plethora of Anjunadeep rostered artists such as Lane 8, Yotto, Cubicolor and Dusky.
The live stream will reportedly feature genres ranging from trance and uplifting to classic trance, progressive house to deep house, techno, chillout, electronica, and ambient.
Caption Contest: Give us your best caption for this photo of Avicii taken at Pier 94 on New Years Eve!
Trent Reznor and now "official bandmate" Atticus Ross have finished a new Nine Inch Nails EP, 'Not The Actual Events,' which will be out December 23, 2016.
Brooklyn’s own The Rooftop Boys take The Griswolds’ “If You Wanna Stay” through a gauntlet of bouncy bass lines and tropically-infused house accents on their latest remix effort.

Are you trying to find the love of your life, an unique individual to like throughout your life? Whatever the situation may be, psychic love readings can be of terrific aid. These readings outline a person who is unique in your life. This will assist you understand more about your love life. This will likewise assist you in coming up to to that one special person.You can go with psychic love reading if you are searching love. It will assist you find out where the person remains in case he or she is not currently in your life. This reading will surprise you with its info, but you will be able to find that special individual you have been waiting for all your life.If you want a psychic reading, go to a psychic reader in your city, or look for the one over the Internet. However, make sure that the person is a real psychic and not out there to make loan from gullible people. Besides your love life, the psychic reader ought to likewise want to offer you info on other elements of your life. A real psychic reader will understand what you desire without you saying a single word. This is a trademark of a great psychic reader. Likewise, do not reveal details about yourself. This will allow to see whether the reader is authentic or just fabricating it.Psychic love reading will be of terrific benefit when a psychic tells you about the information related to a person who will end becoming that someone special in your life.
Categories Psychic Near Me in FloridaTags how to find a psychic in Panama City Florida 32403, how to tell if a psychic is real in Panama City Florida 32403, psychic mediums near me in Panama City Florida 32403, psychic near me open now in Panama City Florida 32403, psychic places near me in Panama City Florida 32403, psychics near me yelp in Panama City Florida 32403, reputable psychics in Panama City Florida 32403, tarot card reader near me in Panama City Florida 32403	
Nigerian Singer and dancehall sensation, Patoranking drops a new tune titled “Everyday”. Patoranking – Everyday was produced by Alvaro. Enjoy Below
Another update – I’m afraid I fell ever so slightly short this week, so the next page will be delayed by 24 hours. It’s almost done, just not quite. And I learned my lesson about posting half-assed pages lately, so I’m going to hold off and make sure it’s right. So sorry for the delay – tune in again tomorrow!
An update to share with you! There’s a new voting incentive over at topwebcomics.com! An earlier broken link has been fixed, so now you can see a sketch of some of the background and extra material I’m working on for the first 6-Commando book. So pop on over and cast a quick vote to see it, and pass the word on to any other 6-Commando fans you know!
I don’t have a lot to say about this page, but that it seems to have worked out more or less correctly the first time through. A lot of that had to do with the fact that most of the heavy lifting with the colors for this scene were already done on the last page, and since this one is mostly close-up, it was a bit easier in the backgrounding department. I will say, however, that the varied hand movements and gestures were pretty interesting to try to work out. I used a lot of reference photos to study the various positions and such – and as a matter of fact, I ended up basing Major Rucker’s hands largely on those of President Obama. Funny, huh? Also, I have completely adjusted to hand-lettering the comic now, and I am finding that it is far more satisfactory than any font I had previously been using. I think it’s legible at its current size (I set it to display at 3/32″ when posted on the site) – if it ever happens not to be, let me know, though.
It’s kind of a shame that Captain Dacosta has to be basically just a minor character, as she really does get to be a voice of reason that sometimes is lacking in science fiction. I like that someone is doing a “reality check” in the midst of all this. I’m not sure what will become of her in the long run. But I don’t want to give away too much, so I’ll just say that she does have a background story, albeit a brief one: she’s from the Azores, a Portuguese exile who fled the country with her family in the late 1970’s when the Communists staged a coup. Portugal is one of the European countries (the others being Britain, France, Spain the Netherlands and Germany) with a sizable exile community in North and Central America, though most of the Portuguese loyalists ended up in Brazil, much as most of the Dutch loyalists moved to South Africa and the Caribbean. Oh, and by the way, for those who don’t know, “Plan R” is a little homage to Kubrick’s brilliant film Dr. Strangelove, or How I Learned To Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, which has been one of my favorite films for, well… it seems like forever, but if I recall correctly it was my friends Matt and Justin who showed it to me in college.
A couple of interesting side notes, though. First, I’ve been doing some preliminary editorial work on Chapter 1, and it’s going okay, but not at all quickly. Ultimately I do want to print this, though it will probably be through Print-On-Demand, rather than the more grand versions of such more-successful comics as reMind, Moon Town, et al. At present the plan is four three-chapter volumes, covering the four “acts” of the storyline, which would put them as 96-to-120-page sets, which I would probably try to make available in both hardcover and perfect-bound through Kablaam or ComiXpress (I’ve been steered towards the former by Knowledgeable Persons).
At the same time, there is additional material I’m working up and have long since been promising, such as maps, histories, graphical timelines and the like, as well as stuff for my fellow “players of games,” so to speak. I also sketched the beginnings of what may well become a separate publication, if interest and time allow, being a full “6-Commando Field Manual.” That’s on the farther horizon though.
All that is just by way of saying that, though I am continually promising these things and seemingly not delivering, I’m not forgetting – it’s just taking longer than I’d anticipated. But 6-Commando is moving ahead apace, and even though it’s likely to remain “in the works” for the foreseeable future, this will see the light of day, even if only in a very limited way.
I would ask about plan R but that wouldn’t get me far would it? Intead, what does ‘Hypocenter’ mean?
The hypocenter is the absolute point on the ground over which a nuclear bomb detonates. It struck me as a more precise way of saying that Mike was at “ground zero,” since the latter term has been expanded to mean anywhere in the primary blast, and because it seemed to have too loaded of a meaning now because of its association with the World Trade Center attack in 2001.
The point is that Mike might have been designed to survive close to the center of a blast but not actually exactly underneath the bomb itself.
YES! Another “Dr. Strangelove” reference! I love it! Almost as much as I love exclamation points!!!! 😉
To be honest, I forget what the first one was! Given the circumstances, though, it seemed appropriate. Over the internet it’s hard to judge sincerity, so I’ll just go with it and say thanks, and I’m glad you get where I’m coming from with this!
It should all become clear shortly, I hope. Though if they started tossing a-bombs at me, well, I’d be inclined to do as you suggest.
Its obviously an order planted by the shadow government AKA: The Enclave to order the army into an all out fervent assault on the red menace, boosted by the drugs they have been secretly fed through their rations. Once the Feds are provoked enough an all out nuclear war will ensue, leaving only irradiated mutants, and pristine Americans left who have been building vast underground vaults in preparation for this time. Whoever survived the vaults which are secretly social experiments for a giant space ship will be permitted to go settle a new planet in a galaxy far far away.
But God willing, we will prevail, in peace and freedom from fear, and in true health, through the purity and essence of our natural… fluids.
Those hand gestures really are good! Hands are so difficult the panels where Major Rucker catches and flips through the codebook are excellent.
I was thinking of printing my comic through Lulu.com basically because they have a Dutch part of their organization, which saves shipping costs. Have you ever seen comics from these printers first hand?
I’ve had mixed reports on lulu.com. I have never really seen the product from them so I couldn’t really say for certain. If you’re going with print-on-demand, time ceases to be too much of an element unless you’re ordering a lot for sale in person at some near-future event. And if that were the case I’d think it more cost effective to find a piece printer, especially with the need to get Semmie printed up with the colors and layouts just right.
I’ve heard good things about Kablaam, and am leaning towards them as their range of services seem to be expanding. Lulu has something of a reputation for being overpriced from the limited knowledge I’ve had of it, and their services are not all that extensive, nor are they geared towards comics in the same way.
I’ve just read some horrible stories about comiXpress on Penciljack.com. I guess I better let different parties make me a single copy of Semmie the Forest Gnome so I can compare them and choose the best.
Delayed by 24 hours! Average! This is Below Average! Such disrespect for the audience! Such condescension, normally unimaginable from the classical everyman such as yourself! Oh, how the humble have risen, heaping scorn upon us petty readers. You shall reap what you sow, Mr. Average! After such an insult, I shall travel this site no more.


YPSILANTIS I: Training of Moldovan Jurists on the Rule of Law and Support to the Necessary Legal Reforms in Moldova
The photo above shows an imposing 500 year old Swiss stone pine (Pinus cembra) sharing a dolomite boulder with sunburst lichens (Xanthoria elegans). It was taken in the Italian Natural Park of the Ampezzo Dolomites on January 10, 2009. The west ridge of Croda Rossa is in the background. Swiss stone pines favor relatively high altitudes of c. 4,600 ft to c. 8,200 ft (c. 1,400 – c. 2,500 m). These hardy trees quite often live to 400 years and a few examples have been dated to 1,200 years of age! Note the cloudless, azure blue sky, which contrasts nicely with the winter snow pack and the evergreen boughs. Also noteworthy is the blue-tinted shadow of the pine. Shadows on snow reflect the light that falls upon them, and on this pristine clear day, a distinctive blue shadow is quite evident.


The Electricity Supply Corporation of Malawi (Escom) has expressed concern over high number of illegal connections saying the malpractice costs the company a lot of money.
Speaking to the media lately, Escom Chief Executive Officer John Kandulu said the power supplier registers a high number of illegal connections every day, which is making it hard for the company to concentrate on equally important investments.
“Instead of us investing money in other projects we are being forced to always take a step backward and channel the money to costs associated with illegal connections such as repairing damaged Escom equipment,” Kandulu said.
He said the malpractice is widespread in markets and added that illegal connections can sometimes cause fire.
Kandulu however pointed out that information gap between the power supplier and its customers is the main challenge the electricity supplier face in trying to solve the problem. He said the company has no platform to inform everyone the risks associated with illegal connection.
The problem is not people but ESCOM itself muthu kulipila supply yamagesi mpaka two years ndiye athu atani?tizipanga illegal connections yomweyo.
Illegal connections are done by professionals due to the company’s incompetence. How can you put somebody on a three years waiting list?
Truthfully, i was tested HIV + positive for the past 8 years. I keep on managing the drugs i usually purchase from the health care agency to keep me healthy and strengthen, i tried all i can to make this disease leave me alone, but unfortunately, it keep on eating up my life. So last Two Months i came in contact with a lively article on the internet on how this Powerful Herb Healer get her well and healed. So as a patient i knew this will took my life one day, and i need to live with other friends and relatives too. So i copied out the Dr Collins the herbal healer’s contact and I contacted him immediately, in a little while he mail me back that i was welcome to his Herbal Home whereby all what i seek for are granted. I was please at that time. And i continue with him, he took some few details from me and told me that he shall get back to me as soon as he is through with my work. I was very happy as heard that from him, as i was just coming from my friends house, Dr Collins called me to go for checkup in the hospital and see his marvelous work that it is now HIV negative, i was very glad to hear that from him, so quickly rush down to the nearest hospital to found out, only to hear from my hospital doctor called Browning Lewis that i am now HIV NEGATIVE. I jump up at him with the a test note, he ask me how does it happen and i reside to him all i went through with Dr Collins. I am now glad, so i am a gentle type of person that need to share this testimonies to everyone who seek for healing, because once you get calm and quiet, so the disease get to finish your life off. So i will advice you contact him today for your healing at the above details: Email ID: dr.collinsherbalhome@gmail.com or you can also add him up on whataspp +2349036950737. CONTACT HIM NOW TO SAVE YOUR LIFE AND DOCTOR ALSO CURE ALL KIND OF DISEASE AND SICKNESS: dr.collinsherbalhome@gmail.com AS HE IS SO POWERFUL AND HELPFUL TO ALL THAT HAVE THIS SICKNESS.
How can we stop illegal connections when you are failing to give us legal electricity in time. Should I wait for a year to be connected after payments? No!! I will never stop unless you do something on this.
Corruption starts up there the basement people they are also copying from them ,have a law if people apply the power same time you should connect what they need you wil not loose lots of kwacha if you delay the fox are there to play a dirty game then you will cry fowl
We’ll not stop until dey stop delays in giving us electricity once we apply.Dey tek years 2 connect our houses 2 electicity.
despite wat ESCOM giv to it’s employees they still r not satisfied, they r the 1z doing these connections!
TO THE WHOLE WORLD NIGERIAN PEOPLE HAVE DEVELOP A SYSTEM WHEREBY THEY SAY THEY CURE HIV AND AIDS, CANCER AND MORE THEY SAY THEY ARE HERBALIST THEY PUT THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS PROTECTED AND THEY USE WHATSSAP NUMBER WHEN YOU CONTACT THEM THEY ASK FEW QUESTIONS THEY ARE MANY BUT THEIR CONVESATION IS THE SAME THEIR COUNTRY CODE IS +234 THEY CREATE A FAKE ACCOUNT OF A WOMAN ON FACEBOOK AND THEY USE THE INFORMATION LIKE THE FOLLOWING [READ MY STORY. ON HOW I GOT MY HIV CURED]. Truthfully, i was tested HIV + positive for the past 8 years. I keep on managing the drugs i usually purchase from the health care agency to keep me healthy and strengthen, i tried all i can to make this disease leave me alone, but unfortunately, it keep on eating up my life. So last Two Months i came in contact with a lively article on the internet on how this Powerful Herb Healer get her well and healed. So as a patient i knew this will took my life one day, and i need to live with other friends and relatives too. So i copied out the Dr Collins the herbal healer’s contact and I contacted him immediately, in a little while he mail me back that i was welcome to his Herbal Home whereby all what i seek for are granted. I was please at that time. And i continue with him, he took some few details from me and told me that he shall get back to me as soon as he is through with my work. I was very happy as heard that from him, as i was just coming from my friends house, Dr Collins called me to go for checkup in the hospital and see his marvelous work that it is now HIV negative, i was very glad to hear that from him, so quickly rush down to the nearest hospital to found out, only to hear from my hospital doctor called Browning Lewis that i am now HIV NEGATIVE. I jump up at him with the a test note, he ask me how does it happen and i reside to him all i went through with Dr Collins. I am now glad, so i am a gentle type of person that need to share this testimonies to everyone who seek for healing, because once you get calm and quiet, so the disease get to finish your life off. So i will advice you contact him today for your healing at the above details: Email ID: [email protected] or you can also add him up on whataspp +2349036950737. CONTACT HIM NOW TO SAVE YOUR LIFE AND DOCTOR ALSO CURE ALL KIND OF DISEASE AND SICKNESS: [email protected] AS HE IS SO POWERFUL ONCE YOU ARE IN CONTACT WITH THEM THEY WILL ASK THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS YOUR NAME WHERE ARE YOU FROM KIND OF DISEASE YOU ARE SUFFERING FROM HOW CAN THEY DELIVER THE MEDICINE TO YOU THEY WILL ASK YOU TO SEND THEM MONEY $200 DOLLARS FOR PREPARATION OF THE MEDICINE THEY SAY THEY WANT TO BUY ITEMS FROM THE SELLER THEY GIVE YOU THEIR WESTERN UNION ACCOUNT ONCE YOU SEND THE MONEY THEY BLOCK YOU ON WHATSSAP THIS IS HOW THEY ARE STEALING MONEY FROM PEOPLE THEY PUT THEIR STUPID STORIES ON NYASATIMES, MALAWI24 AND MANY PLEASE DO NOT SEND YOUR MONEY TO THEM TOGETHER WE CAN END THIS LETS FIGHT BACK TO THEM BY FIRING BACK WITH ……. PLEASE DO NOT SEND MONEY TO THEM FROM NIGERIA POLICE SERVICES AND THEY ARE HUNTING THEM USING THEIR MOBILE
Coming hot on the heels of yet another angry outburst from Mulanje South legislator Bon Winiko Kaalindo that he will walk naked if the people who are murdering people with albinism are not given a death sentence when caught, President Peter Mutharika has said that he has no plans to have a death sentence for the convicts.
Speaking when he met with members of Amnesty International who are pushing for the protection of people with albinism who are facing persecution, Mutharika indicated his unwillingness to sign for execution of any person caught and sentenced to death for the murder of people with albinism.
“We already have the death penalty in our penal codes, we do not need a special one to use to target anyone who kills albinos,” said Mutharika.
Mutharika then indicated that the death penalty was also a contentious issue as Amnesty International which is petitioning him to protect the people living with albinism was against it.
“This is also a contentious issue because you (Amnesty International) are pushing for the abolition of the death sentence,” said Mutharika.
Meanwhile Mulanje South legislator Bon Kalindo who threatened that he will walk naked to Parliament if there is no commitment on the use of death penalty for albino killers has maintained that he will go ahead with his naked protest.
“I am consulting my lawyers to see how best to go about with the naked protest,” said Winiko to a local radio station.
This must end how is possible to a poor malawi believe to get rich by killing our friends this is devils life put these killers away for good
President Should be there to protect albino and make sure are really punished because it hapened in Kasungu where the suspect run away within a week,can you tell us that this is life inpresonment or just keeping them for shot time.
I said it that someone big in government is behind this killing, hou can president say something like that? We put our trust in you that you will protect us and now every one is afraid mostly albinos because they don’t feel safe anymore.
Had it been that it was the rapists who have raped Gertrude Mutharika or one of your daughters in America, the story here could be different!
This means that government is involved in the case and we don’t care our friend’s had it been we are an independent country we will hav sign the death sentence,,,,,,Mr president wat u are doing is childish sorry for using this world……. May the lord judge
This madala I wish he could be died by now all we r humanbeings and we r all malawian and presdent is busy defending killers fuck
It is indeed TRUE that we already have DEATH sentence in the PENAL CODE. It remains for the President to sign the DEATH warrant. since 1994 the President we have had, namely Bakili, Bingu, JB never signed such Death warrants. Only Kamuzu Banda used to sign the same. It shud be noted that court may pass death sentence but it CAN NOT be effected unless the President signs. HE is justifiably worried with the reaction of internal human Rights bodies such as Amnesty international. They will speak against. its a contentious issue globally
It difficult indeed my fellow malawian to understand. I got all proves that the president has something on this. I that the police by had to find those people who kill albinos. Shame to court and the president. Because they don’t finalise who send them?where do they go with the parts? If are constitutions,what it says about mulder?
I think Peter is also a criminal, therefore am behind Bon Kalindo , tiyenda maliseche kupita kupita state house if they won’t change their attitudes
Had it been he said YES to death sentence, human rights activists together with other arrogant ppo would oppose mpaka kukasuma ku ICC, I kno Malawians, we do things to test someone.
So sad mr president……. if malawi practiced sharia all this nonsense couldnt have been there…. if one kills another person lik the way albinos are being slaughtered lik chickens, he must also be killed…its there even in the bible you claim to follow
Tell the president to keep quite if he has lose his senses.Now i see that being a president it doesent mean you are Wisdom.Fuck off
Nothng has materialised since these thngs started so i gues we shud jst take the law into our own hands bcoz they seem nt to care
I will give justice to all killers. Since my gvment cnt see something. Wrong going on. Kill to kill simple
It is just giving me the clear leflection that malawi is under colonial rule.we are not gorvening this country own our own,there are some people behind benefiting from this body parts.why not killing them yet they are killing our brothers and sisters deliberately?…let the blood of our innocent people fall on our president’s head….He knows something behind the scene!
We africans have weak minded indeed.Right there in europe and america hung offenders of murder.They come here to dictate on how to deal with problems.Do you think murderers should be kept in prisons using my tax money ndi kumakhuta pali nzeru?
Though am a zambia,mutharika shouldnt ve said ths, last tym i said that,albino killers are sent by government officials. I believe mutharika must be one of them nowonder hez protecting the killers.
My brother u don’t know where muthalika is driving at.there is already death penalty for murders and there is no point duplicating this section!
But do albino murders receive those senteces? Dnt take advantage of yo frnd’s death,they are also pipo jst lyk any other. I dnt c any reason y they should be slaughtered lyk chicken at a restaurant.
I c no harm wth Peter’s wrong decision as some of these notorius killers r ur brothers and I can c mercy in his eyez with them coz they r ur brothers and his voters as well
if they publish the views only this view supose to be published and announced in radios coz you just go straight and its exactly what the DPP regime doing in failure of ruling the Warmheart of Africa with wisdom from God instead he is rulling with the power from the devil forgetting that get loan to devil you pay back X3
When things reach this level whereby killers seem to be protected, its a point where pipo can take justice into their own hands coz normal justice has betrayed them. Death sentence is just meant to deter would-be offenders. The bottom line is that our president is just too weak, if not, he is among the beneficiaries, period!
What were you expecting from the President on this issue? Isn’t the country having constitution? And what does it say on issues of killing? Is the Government walking away from the constitution? Wake up Malawians if it is the case ask for the amendment if you think it can help to cube the albino killing!
Malawi is a human rights signatory and Mr president is right we cant kill any one for any offence in Malawi. Custodial sentence is the only punishment
Yap its there in the penal code even courts sentence ppo to death but we r talking of execution. Whch multiparty president has ever signed for execution? None bcoz of the right to life treaty
Who?? can tel me I’m wrong if I say even some leaders of the gvt r involved in albinismkilling.Sorry my honourable kalindo is difficuit to win this battle as u heard the head of state being the side of criminals ,sorry once again to all people who living with albinism for this,but don’t b worried God is watching n is by our side very soon we should b called the winners thnx
Police in Limbe on Thursday arrested a 28-year-old man for being found in possession of cannabis sativa popularly known as Chamba.
He said some well-wishers tipped the police that Jeremiah was selling the drug at a certain Shabeen within the township.
“After a search was conducted he was found with two packets containing chamba and 130 twists,” he explained.
Jeremiah is expected to appear before court to answer the charge of being found in possession of cannabis sativa.

Obesity has reached epidemic proportions in the United States and is becoming one of our nation's most discussed public health concerns. Americans are bombarded with advertisements for quick weight loss medications, diet plans, and novelty fitness equipment, all of which guarantee results overnight. But what impact has this had on the weight of Americans? Traditionally viewed as an individual's disease, research now indicates that the environment is a main causative agent of overweight/obesity. Manipulation of food pricing to encourage consumers to make healthy purchases is a new area of public policy that can help address this epidemic, and has received reasonable academic interest. As a pricing strategy, healthy foods can be subsidized to increase consumption, or unhealthy foods can be taxed to increase prices in order to discourage consumption. The state of Maine had a snack tax from 1991 to 2001 and provides a setting to evaluate the impact of taxing snacks, pastries, and soft drinks on a state's obesity rate. According to the law of demand, individuals will reduce their consumption of an item if its price rises. A snack tax increases the price of snack foods and soft drinks. Because consumption of these foods is associated with increased weight gain, it is hypothesized that a statewide tax on snacks and soft drinks in Maine would have a negative impact on the state's obesity rate. This study utilizes an interrupted time series comparison group design to conduct a regression analysis with obesity data obtained from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance Survey. This study seeks to examine the relationship between a snack tax and obesity rates. Although the regression model for the interrupted time series design was significant, the findings did not provide any significant results for independent variables that could help identify and interpret a relationship between the snack tax and obesity rates for Maine.
Effects of air infiltration on the effective thermal conductivity of internal fiberglass insulation and on the delivery of thermal capacity via ducts Page: 3 of 35
Brown, Jirard. [Jennifer Holliday on Stage Singing], photograph, November 14, 2009; (digital.library.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metadc973157/: accessed November 14, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, Digital Library, digital.library.unt.edu; crediting UNT Libraries Special Collections.
Description: This report provides a brief overview of the European Union's (EU) accession process, Turkey's path to EU membership, and the impact of the Cyprus problem.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the left valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; white internal coloring; off-white external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be very-recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; white internal coloring; brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits an oval shape; thick shell; pink internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; thick shell; pink internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; thick shell; pink internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; thick shell; pink internal coloring; black external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an oval shape; thick shell; white internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be very-long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the left valve only. The specimen exhibits an oval shape; thick shell; pink internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures over 120 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an oval shape; thick shell; white internal coloring; dark brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the left valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; thin shell; bluish-white internal coloring; brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be very-long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; thick shell; single looped beak sculpturing; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; bluish-white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be very-recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; bluish-white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be very-recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be very-long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be very-long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the left valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be subfossil when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Guadalupe basin. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits a rhomboidal shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 60 - 100 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the right valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be relatively-recently dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including the left valve only. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; brown external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Nueces basin. The specimen measures between 100 - 120 mm in length and was assessed to be long dead when collected.
Description: One preserved mussel specimen including both the left and right valves. The specimen exhibits an elliptical shape; moderately thick shell; white internal coloring; tan external coloring; no external sculpturing. Collected in the Trinity basin. The specimen measures between 0 - 60 mm in length and was assessed to be very-recently dead when collected.
January 37 37 February 20 20 March 37 37 April 37 37 May 125 125 June 145 145 July 92 92 August 322 322 September 71 71 October 369 369 November 71 71 December 50 50
1st 111 111 2nd 8 8 3rd 29 29 4th 100 100 5th 89 89 6th 18 18 7th 10 10 8th 55 55 9th 23 23 10th 38 38 11th 7 7 12th 80 80 13th 34 34 14th 74 74 15th 43 43 16th 31 31 17th 53 53 18th 78 78 19th 1 1 20th 105 105 21st 12 12 22nd 41 41 23rd 55 55 24th 43 43 25th 58 58 26th 9 9 27th 64 64 28th 32 32 29th 14 14 30th 21 21 31st 39 39
Technologies have a long nose. Before the big break-out moment, before the hits arrive and everyone notices it’s happened, there’s a long nose of precedent and people who got there first. Someone was working on it at MIT or PARC and the Victorians did something very similar with telegrams and horses.

Setting the right price before you list is critical to getting the most for your home and selling it quickly. You can also request a complimentary, no obligation Comparative Market Analysis (CMA).
Whether it will be your first home or next home, information is power. Learn about the home buying process and use our informational tools to help guide you through the process.
Drive by a home for sale... Want to know the price or see pictures of the inside? Register to use Crye-Leike's recorded 24/7 Info Line. Searches homes listed by any company!
Copyright © 2018. All rights reserved. Search Little Rock homes for sale with Crye-Leike. Crye-Leike has both company owned and franchise owned locations. A star in the office name between Crye*Leike designates the office as a franchise, which is independently owned and operated. Find information on this associate's office and broker.

Teatown will be celebrating its 14th annual Eaglefest at Croton Point Park on Saturday, Feb. 10, featuring a performance from singer-songwriter Dar Williams.
"This event is a fun and celebratory way for Teatown to pursue its mission of inspiring our community to lifelong environmental stewardship,” said Kevin Carter, Executive Director of Teatown. “With so much divisiveness in the world, it is a joy to bring people together with hope and purpose."
Eaglefest allows visitors to see live birds of prey and provides opportunities to view eagles in their natural setting. Various birds of prey species will be featured in a special program led by experts in the handling and care of the birds. The birds in captivity have been rehabilitated after suffering various injuries and are no longer able to live in the wild.
Pre-sale tickets are $17 for adults, $10 for children ages 6 to 11 and free for children under five. Tickets sold at the venue are $22 for adults, $12 for children ages 6 to 11 and free for children five and under.
Charles J. Argento Accident & Injury Attorney makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contain on this website or any sites linked to this site.
Wastewater from Long Creek and Paw Creek Basins is currently pumped about 27 miles via two pumping stations to McAlpine Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant in Pineville. For several decades, the area near where Long Creek empties into the Catawba River has been examined as the site of a new wastewater treatment plant. In 2007, a wastewater master plan identified the need for additional wastewater capacity for the Charlotte Water system, including a new facility to serve the western portion of the county. Work was initiated in 2007-2008 to find a collaborative, regional approach to wastewater treatment in the area. ​
The Long Creek Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant (LCWWTP) is planned to be a regional approach to wastewater treatment for not only Mecklenburg County, but for the Belmont and Mount Holly communities in Gaston County. Studies have indicated that this would be the most feasible and cost-efficient solution for wastewater treatment for the towns and western Mecklenburg County. ​​
During the PER stage, Charlotte Water and their vendors will gather information related to the future sanitary sewer improvements. Work will include both aerial and ground surveys, updated wetlands delineation and geotechnical investigations. Surveyors will record topography and other data on roadways and private property. Geotechnical investigations will record soil and rock types and the depth of groundwater and rock. The work should not disrupt the surrounding community greatly or effect ongoing activities. If Charlotte Water determines that this project will have a direct impact on private property, that property will receive notification via mail as the project progresses.
​An estimated project cost will be determined in the PER. This cost will be determined with further clarity during the detailed design phase. ​
The Long Creek Regional WWTP is currently in the Preliminary Engineering Report (PER) stage. Work in this stage includes preliminary pipeline routing from both Belmont and Mt. Holly, preliminary treatment process evaluation and preliminary site layout. This stage is anticipated to be completed by the end of 2017. Following the PER stage, Charlotte Water will solicit professional design engineers for detailed design services. It is anticipated that the plant and related facilities will be designed using the Design-Build delivery method.
Charlotte Water is currently pursuing the NPDES permit application process with NCDEQ, as well as related permit modifications for ReVenture, Belmont and Mount Holly. Charlotte Water and the neighboring towns of Belmont and Mount Holly are also working together to create detailed regional agreements for wastewater treatment services at the Long Creek Regional WWTP.
Charlton will have at least one new face in the first team this season, at least it would appear that way as Alex Stavrinou has signed his first professional contract with The Addicks.
The academy graduate has signed a one-year professional contract (which was already said he would before last season ended) and after 22 U18 and 12 reserve appearances last season the Cypriot youth international would be expected to at least be a part of Phil Parkinson’s first team squad at SE7 this season.
Stavrinou was originally a central defender but has been converted into a promising midfielder by all accounts.
What is the thought among the Addicks followers on this site on Alex Stavrinou’s signing of his first professional contract? Share these feelings below so we can discuss them.
It’s easy to register, simply click the link and start getting involved by having your say on this great club.

We produce all products based on strict safety guidelines but please pay attention to children when they play with toys.

The bag is really sweet looking and even though it's a bit smallish, not all dress up-bags are supposed to be practical. :P A bag completes the outfit and maybe that's the reason women often have too many of them.. The bag has a zipper in the bag and there fits nicely a purse, phone, lip balm and stuff like that. The keychain-bag charm-pendant is absolutely adorable! It was love at first sigth. x) It was alot bigger than I expected and so muchy and cute!! <3


Sort by RandomApartment Name (A-Z)Apartment Name (Z-A)From Price (Lowest - Higest)From Price (Highest - Lowest)
If you love the bustle of the city, the atmosphere of world-class entertainment and nightlife, but also enjoy open spaces and greenery then Platinum Apartments on Southbank is for you. Located in the heart of the enviable leisure precinct along the Yarra River, you are within walking distance of all the very best that Melbourne has to offer – restaurants, shopping, theatres, galleries, and sporting venues.
Everything you need, anything you desire, is on the doorstep of your luxuriously comfortable home away from home.
Instant response to your booking enquiry! Simply call +61 467 666 900 talk to our customer representative today.
We are offering a wide range of luxury self-contained apartments that suitable for special occasion, family, corporate and more
Perfect flat in perfect location! I have visited Melbourne several times and normally stay in hotels but this time decided to seek out a nice apartment as we were in town for 3 weeks.
A downtown oasis! The pictures dont lie, this place is beautiful. More importantly it is also quiet, clean, comfortable, and everything works. The location is perfect.
Had the pleasure to stay as a guest of Helen and Heath Dawson this last week while working in Melbourne. The experience from the time I got off the plane to where I was personally greeted is something that I had never experienced before.
THE LONDONER Melbourne from Above! Really nice 3 bedroom unit on the 51st floor of the building that is in the middle of Southbank Melbourne. It sits on top of some great restaurants including the favorite (for us) Crinitis Restaurant.
Stunning apartment, Stunning facilities, Stunning location! We have stayed in the top hotels in Melbourne over a period of many years and we came across Platinum @ Freshwater Place and thought wed give it a go.
If you love the bustle of the city, the atmosphere of world-class entertainment and nightlife, but also enjoy open spaces and greenery then Platinum Apartments on Southbank is for you. Located in the heart of the enviable leisure precinct along the Yarra River, you are within walking distance of all the very best that Melbourne has to offer – restaurants, shopping, theatres, galleries, and sporting venues. Everything you need, anything you desire, is on the doorstep of your luxuriously comfortable home away from home.
Providing the best value on luxury accommodation in Melbourne is a specialization of Platinum Apartments.
Our luxury serviced apartments are among the finest executive accommodation in Melbourne. Whether you are looking for a luxury CBD apartment or luxury hotels, the Melbourne penthouses for rent from Platinum Apartments are in a class of their own.
This is possible because our property portfolio contains the very best apartments, penthouses and hotel rooms available in Melbourne city.
Each property has provides features that will contribute to making it a special stay, allowing you to relax in comfort and style, while having easy access to the best of Melbourne's many attractions.
Fully furnished with top quality appliances and deluxe comfort furniture, you are assured of an enjoyable stay in luxury surroundings.
The premium location alone is enough to make these apartments highly sought after, however when all of the additional features are also brought into the equation, the result is a simply irresistible temptation, where the only question is whether you can afford it.
The prices are in line with quality Melbourne CBD hotel rooms, but providing a much higher standard of comfort and convenience, with more inclusions. So if you must choose between a hotel and the quality apartments available from Platinum, the choice is very clear. Platinum simply gives you more.
Our CBD apartments at Freshwater Place in Southbank are so comfortable it will be difficult to resist the temptation to just stay in and indulge, but it is still good to know that you are only a short walk from shopping facilities, fabulous restaurants of every size and category, arts and cultural centres, parks and gardens, plus the 24 hour entertainments available at Crown Casino, which is right next door.
Just like a five star hotel, there are concierge staff on hand to provide you with advice and assistance if you should need it.
If you are following a fitness regime, you'll be pleased to know there are top quality pool and gym facilities available on the premises from 6am to 11pm (they are closed outside these hours for safety and maintenance reasons).
Inside the room, you'll find everything you need to enjoy a wonderful stay with us. We think it's very important to provide you with as much luxury as we can possibly cram in, so you'll want to return to us again and again. So many of our guests do, because we do luxury accommodation so well.
On your upcoming trip to Melbourne, give Platinum Apartments a try, and experience for yourself why we are consistently rated by guests and hospitality industry experts alike as the best luxury accommodation providers in Melbourne CBD.
For more information, call 0407 666 900 if calling from within Australia, or +61 407 666 900 if calling from overseas. Our handy online contact form is also available if you'd prefer to contact us in writing.
Platinum Apartments are your luxury accommodation Melbourne specialists that offer the absolute best penthouse apartments & corporate accommodation for any luxury long term accommodation or short stay accommodation.
© Platinum Apartments 2018. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions Website Built by Digital Marketing by King Kong Digital Marketing by King KongPopular Searches

Following a detailed review by the Research Support and Learning and Teaching teams, a number of changes have been made to the list of resources made available through the Find Databases service of Library OneSearch (which will also be reflected, later today, in searches in the ‘All’ search tab of LOS). The changes are detailed below:
The entries for the following resources have been updated. Updates include: amended access URLs, changed help and guidance information, updated subject category assignments and revised descriptions:
If you’d like any further information about the specific changes that have been made to any of the resources listed above, please get in touch.
An issue preventing both journal-level and article-level links in the Literature Online (LION) service from resolving correctly from SFX has now been fixed, and SFX links to LION are now working normally.
Later in November the LION service will be migrating to a new discovery platform, and further changes in access arrangements for the service in both Library OneSearch and SFX are anticipated.
Following changes to Shibboleth configuration on the Chadwyck Healey database platform, off-campus deep-link login URLs for the following services have been updated in Library OneSearch:
Posted in EEBO, John Johnson Collection, LION, Proquest, Shibboleth on May 8 2013 by Resource Discovery and Innovation Team Manager.
As previously advised access to the CSA Illumina, Chadwyck-Healey and (legacy) ProQuest platforms ends tomorrow (21 August 2012).
All of LLR’s subscription resources that could be moved to the new ProQuest platform were migrated at the start of the year, but from tomorrow any library customers who had bookmarked access to these withdrawn platforms will no longer be able to access them, and will be directed to the new ProQuest interface.
Three of LLR’s subscription resources will continue to be made available on one of the Chadwyck-Healey platforms not yet configured for migration:
These resources will be migrated to the new platform as soon as ProQuest has finished the necessary configuration work.
Posted in British Periodicals, CSA Illumina, IBSS, LION, Proquest, Withdrawn resources on August 20 2012 by Resource Discovery and Innovation Team Manager.
Off-campus access to the LION (Literature Online) service is now by university username and password (using Shibboleth). The three LION databases listed in eSearch are:
Posted in LION, Proquest, Shibboleth on June 25 2009 by Resource Discovery and Innovation Team Manager.

We will introduce you to long breath-holds, and give you a glimpse of the amazing capacities of adaptation of the human body.
We guarantee >3mins breath-holds! This course is the first day of the Advanced Freediver Course, but can also be taken as an individual one-day clinic if you want to test your breath-hold abilities and challenge your willpower a little bit!
In this June 18, 2018 photo, James Chase, left, hands fresh strawberries to his wife Shawnta while visiting an Old Order Mennonite family's farm in New Holland, Pa. It's an obscure cross-cultural bond: a tight community of African-American horsemen in disenfranchised West Baltimore and Pennsylvania Mennonites who live by candlelight and scripture. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)
BALTIMORE (AP) — At an inner-city stable in one of the grittiest areas of Baltimore, a vanishing breed of urban horsemen prepares for its weekly visit to Pennsylvania Dutch country, where Mennonite farmers are helping to carry on a merchant tradition handed down through generations of African-American families.
On this recent morning, a few of the remaining practitioners of an obscure trade and folk culture known as arabbing are taking ponies to get shod in New Holland, Pennsylvania, where horse-drawn buggies clip-clop along rural blacktops and craftsmen still make wooden wagon wheels, carriages and leather harnesses.
It’s an unlikely cross-cultural bond: a tight community of African-American horsemen in impoverished West Baltimore and rural Old Order Mennonites who shun most modern conveniences. Their worlds come together via a dependence on horses and a determination to live proudly on the margins of modern society.
“We rely on Mennonite know-how because we don’t have the knowledge and the tools to do some of this stuff anymore. It’s the way we found to keep this life going,” said James “Fruit” Chase, the leader of a roughly 20-horse stable that’s the strongest remnant of Baltimore’s old arabbing tradition.
Selling fruit and vegetables from horse-drawn carts — which took root with black families in Baltimore after the Civil War — persists in this city not through nostalgia but through need. Baltimore’s remaining arabbers — a name derived from an old term for peddlers of 19th century London and pronounced AY-rabbers — work out of three licensed stables tucked away in areas where healthful food is scarce among corner markets and greasy takeout joints.
In recent decades, the street peddlers managed to forge a sustaining link with Pennsylvania’s tradition-bound Mennonites — generally less austere cousins to the Amish.
Daniel Van Allen, the head of Baltimore’s Arabber Preservation Society, describes the little-known connection between the arabbers and Old Order Mennonites as “the meeting of two subcultures.”
“They’re not involved with the same big-budget, big-money economy that the modern people are,” said Van Allen, adding that Baltimore is the last U.S. city to have functional horse-cart vending.
Chase, a charismatic man with an easy smile, has developed warm friendships with conservative Mennonites, young and old. What was once a culture clash for him has become a weekly visit full of common ground. Two Associated Press journalists accompanied Chase and two arabbing colleagues on a recent visit to an Old Order Mennonite family’s 35-acre (14-hectare) farm, where water is pumped by hand and Scripture verses are read by candlelight.
The West Baltimore horseman — in a camouflage cap, jeans and sneakers — presented a striking contrast with patriarch Leon Hoover’s family. The bearded farmer and his four boys dressed alike in straw hats and pants hitched up by suspenders. His wife and eldest daughter wore long dresses and bonnets.
“You can’t really go a lot of places and not see people arguing, fighting and fussing. But up here, it’s like a piece of heaven,” said Chase, relaxing on the porch of the Hoovers’ rambling farmhouse after picking strawberries with the Mennonite youngsters he’s introduced to his own.
Hoover, whose family has farmed an electricity-free patch of New Holland for generations, said he valued Chase’s friendship. His children break out into wide grins every time they see West Baltimore’s arabbers coming.
“We trust James. We don’t travel much and the children like to hear his stories from the city,” Hoover said as he inspected tomato vines.
Pretty much every Monday, Chase also stops at a Mennonite auction that provides affordable horses, some for as little as $700. Mennonite men outside the auction did the hard work of shoeing the arabbers’ ponies and filing their back teeth on a blazingly hot afternoon.
Like many old traditions, arabbing has greatly diminished in Baltimore due to development and urban renewal. At one time, stables were scattered across the city. But by the 1960s, their number had decreased to 25. Arabbers were pushed further toward the margins when the city’s wholesale produce markets closed.
Now, Chase is one of a dozen people who still tenaciously cling to the trade, loading up bounties of wholesalers’ produce on canopied red-and-yellow painted carts pulled by horses with bells and feather plumes. Harnesses are embellished with heart-shaped brass rivets.
Faithful customers, often elderly people, emerge on blocks marred by boarded-up properties to buy from arabbers’ carts. It’s the only option many citizens in Baltimore’s poorest areas have to purchase fresh food that doesn’t involve a lengthy bus trip or two.
Baltimore’s arabber clans say they’ve got no choice but to put in the hard hours to sustain the life they love. They are “horse crazy,” they say, and are deeply proud of family legacies stretching back over a century in some cases.
“I let my city stress fade up there until I cross that Maryland line again,” said Chase, as the sun rose over the Fremont Street stable decorated with colorful murals honoring his family’s arabbing heritage.
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — For all the anticipation about whether someone will finally snag the gigantic Mega Millions and Powerball jackpots, the games come down to two things: simple math — and very long odds.
But there are some quirks and surprises about the math equations that likely will soon vault someone into stratospheric wealth after the jackpots grew for months without a winner.
The biggest quirk starts with this fact: The advertised $1.6 billion Mega Millions prize — the world’s largest ever lottery jackpot — and $620 million Powerball prize aren’t quite real. That is, those are the amount you’d be paid if you chose an annuity, doled out over 29 years. Nearly every winner opts for cash, which is the amount of money the lottery folks actually have in the bank ready to pay out to the company that would fund the annuity.
The cash option is still massive, at $904 million for Mega Millions and $354.3 million for Powerball. But those numbers aren’t splayed across billboards and shown in countless mini marts across America.
The dismal odds of winning the Mega Millions jackpot — 1 in 302.5 million — means there are 302.5 million potential number combinations, or a little less than one combination for all 328 million people living in the U.S. (Oct 22)
The dismal odds of winning the Mega Millions jackpot — 1 in 302.5 million — mean there are 302.5 million potential number combinations, or a little less than one combination for each of the 328 million people living in the U.S. For last Friday’s drawing, about 59 percent of possible combinations were taken. But by Tuesday night’s drawing, officials estimate that 75 percent will be sold.
That would mean a 25 percent chance of no winner. If that happens, it’s likely even more combinations would be covered before the next drawing three days later. Officials don’t have an estimate on how many tickets would be sold for that potential drawing, and they haven’t said how large the estimated prize would be. Could it reach $2 billion?
The odds of winning don’t change as jackpots get larger, but the chance that more than one winner will share the prize do. When so many people rush to play as a jackpot soars , the chances increase that two or three tickets — of the millions of tickets sold — will match. Of the five largest jackpots awarded in the U.S., three went to multiple winners. The largest single prize went to a 2017 player from Massachusetts who celebrated a $758.7 million Powerball payday.
If the odds of winning either Mega Millions or Powerball don’t seem gigantic enough, how about winning them both? Spend $4 on a ticket for each game and it could happen. But the odds aren’t especially favorable, at about 1 in 88 quadrillion (that’s 88,000,000,000,000,000).
For Mega Millions, players choose six numbers: five from a range of white balls, numbered 1 to 70, and one number for the Mega Ball, with a range of 1 to 25. What numbers have come up most? Since 2010, that honor goes to the number 2, with 92 hits, followed by the numbers 20, 11, 31 and 17. The most hit Mega Ball number is 9.
Lottery officials are quick to point out that the number selection is random, so there’s no reason that what hit in the past will be selected again. The game also has changed over the years, so some numbers included weren’t always in the mix.
Not surprisingly, the most Mega Million jackpot winners in the past five years have come from states with the largest populations. New York, with the nation’s fourth-largest population, leads with seven winners. The No. 1 population state of California is second in Mega Millions winners with six, while Illinois is third with four winners.
Still, there are some quirks, as Georgia has the eight-largest population and three winners and Washington state has two winners but only the 13th largest population. Texas has the nation’s second-largest population, yet players have only bought winning Mega Millions tickets in the state twice in the past five years. And let’s hear it for Rhode Island, the smallest population state to have won a Mega Millions jackpot in the past five years.
The annual El Gordo national lottery in Spain advertises a larger total prize pool, but the money is divvied up into many prizes, according to Seth Elkin, a spokesman for the Maryland lottery, which currently takes questions about the Mega Millions drawing.

Safety of the packed and mixed products, seasoning mixtures and mixtures of additives for food industry is secured especially by:
– Implemented and functional system HACCP, which gives a definition of good production and hygiene practice
System of the critical points ensure preventive and systematical acces to identification of hazard of health insanitary and to reduction of its origin on time. Strict application strongly decrease not only health hazards but also economical losses in the production. System of the critical points is focused on key factors, which have influence on safety and health insanitary of food in the whole food chain from the processing of materail to sale of it.

Matt Truckemiller of Warrior Run hauls down a pass in the end zone for a two point conversion with .1 second left in the second quarter.

MY MAMA SAYS... Maybe there isn't any mean-eyed monster with long slimy hair and pointy claws going scritchyscratch, scritchy-scritchy-scratch outside his window. And maybe there isn't a Thing in his yard, coming to swallow him up. His Mama says there positively aren't. But...sometimes even Mamas make mistakes. Yes, once she said there wasn't any cream cheese for his sandwich, and then he found it underneath the lettuce. And once she said his tooth would fall out Thursday, and then it stayed till Sunday after lunch. And once he told her chocolate nut and she brought back rum raisin. Yes...sometimes even Mamas make mistakes. And so, when his Mama says that no creature is reaching out its hand, to pinch him or squinch him or push him or squush him or worse, can he believe her? For lots of times a Mama makes mistakes. But when it comes to demons and fiends and other bedtime terrors, sometimes even Mamas can be trusted.
Eastport-Annapolis Neck Library - Children's Fiction, Maryland City at Russett Library - Children's Fiction
If his mother has made other important mistakes, can Nick trust her word that there are no goblins and such lurking around in the night?
My mama says there aren't any zombies, ghosts, vampires, creatures, demons, monsters, fiends, goblins, or things. Drawings by Kay Chorao
Multitude parameters involved in the design process of a reconfigurable accelerator which is exploited in embedded systems brings about a remarkable complexity and large design space. One effective te...chnique is design space exploration which is capable to find a right balance between the different design parameters. Quantitative design approach is an alternative which uses the data collected from applications; however it is time consuming and highly depends on designer observations and analyses and might not conclude to an optimal design. In this paper, a hybrid approach is introduced which uses an analytical approach to explore the design space for a reconfigurable accelerator and determine a wise design point based on the quantitative data collected from the targeted applications. It also provides flexibility for applying new design constraints as well as new applications characteristics. Furthermore, this approach is a methodological approach which reduces the design time and results in a design which satisfies the design goals. Experimental results show the efficacy of the hybrid approach.続きを見る
Now in hardcover-the fast-growing mystery series featuring Kelly Flynn and her knitting circle! The House of Lambspun has been bombarded for the holidays. Then an alpaca sheep rancher is found dead in Bellevue Canyon-and knitter and sometime-sleuth Kelly Flynn quickly puts Yuletide frivolities aside. With the deceased's reputation for loving and leaving the ladies of Fort Connor, many women had a motive to kill him. Kelly also finds herself linked to the prime suspect, a former lover of the wealthy playboy rancher. Charged with keeping both spinner and spurned from going over the edge, Kelly will discover more than a few secrets tangled on this triad's bobbin.
The House of Lambspun has been bombarded for the holidays. In the midst of overflowing bins of sumptuous yarn, unexpected winter romance now buzzes, in chorus with the spindles of shy new spinning instructor Lucy Adair. But when a rancher is found dead in Bellevue Canyon, avid knitter and sometime-sleuth Kelly Flynn quickly puts these festive pastimes aside.
With his reputation for lovin' and leavin' the ladies of Fort Connor, it seems a little strange that the victim's final admirer was a fiancée...none other than the hopelessly bereaved Lucy Adair. Unluckily, Kelly also finds herself linked to the prime suspect in the case—a rejected ex-lover of the playboy rancher. Charged with keeping both spinner and spurned from going over the edge, she'll discover more than a few secrets tangled on this triad's bobbin.
Adventures with Old Vines offers an engaging and knowledgeable guide to demystify wine for novice enthusiasts. Richard Chilton provides detailed information about buying and storing wine, how to read a wine list, the role of the sommelier, wine fr... Read more
Getting started and buying wine -- Storing wines: establishing a cellar -- The art of tasting-how to appreciate wine -- Collecting versus connoisseurship -- How to read a wine list -- The history and role of the sommelier -- Vines, grapes, and cli... Read more
Nina Browning is living the good life after marrying into Nashville's elite. Her husband's tech business is booming, and her son, Finch, is bound for Princeton. Thomas Talone is a single dad working multiple jobs. His daughter, Lila, was recently ... Read more

Hi there…stopping by to share a layout I made for the Paper Issues Blog post..Save The Drama For Your Mama! Here are some of the products that I pulled for this layout:
This layout features my son’s best friend, Alex…She has the most amazing disposition in the world & I absolutely adore her!! Here are a few close ups of my layout…
These gorgeous products made it easy to complete & came together so quickly. Here’s a look at my completed layout. I hope you will join us on this challenge & please make sure to share it with us on the Paper Issues Friends & Fans FB Group!! 🙂
This was such a fun challenge. Can’t decided which I love more..the big “Sparkle” word from Pebbles & Jen Hadfield, or Maggie Holmes, Bloom ephemera?? They are both to die for! You can find these, as well as the other beautiful products I used, at the Paper Issues Shop today! Don’t forget to use my code to save 20% off your entire purchase!! Have an amazing day!

BENY says that GOD spoke to him and told him that HE is doing this EXODUS of these MIGRANT people’s due to the CORRUPTION and LACK of JUSTICE in these COUNTRIES. GOD will ROCK AMERICA.

Joe T's recommends that all staff take Always Food Safe's online Food Handler and Allergen Awareness training.

Justin Bieber posts video of himself spending time with Hailey Baldwin... as their PDA video emerges | Info Israel
Daily Mail: Justin Bieber posts video of himself spending time with Hailey Baldwin... as their PDA video emerges
The seemingly inseparable Justin Bieber, 24, and Hailey Baldwin, 21, were hanging out again on Saturday, in a brief video shared to the What Do You Mean hitmaker's Instagram Story.

Utility of a computerised cognitive screen in MCI and depression in an older population - USQ ePrints
The current study investigated the ability of CogniScreen to differentiate older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) from those reporting symptoms of depression. Participants included 140 community-based adults (30 MCI, 15 self-rated depressed, and 95 typical older adults) aged 50–89 years. Intergroup comparisons performed using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses suggest tasks within CogniScreen are sensitive to clinically significant memory loss. Data provided partial support for some CogniScreen tasks to also differentiate individuals with MCI from those who are depressed. Results suggest CogniScreen may be potentially useful in screening older adults for early cognitive decline.


Lavazza Crema E Gusto Ground Coffee is an Arabica/Indian/Robusta blend pre-ground espresso. It is a bold, chocolaty flavor and dark roasted. Designed for espresso machines it is packaged in 8.8-ounce bricks.
Excellent Blend Lavazza is a great Italian brand name and the Crema e Gusto blend is a fairly new introduction to the Lavazza catalog. I first tried the Crema e Gusto in Europe and quickly became addicted! I packed my suitcase full when I came home and it was worth the effort. All of the Lavazza blends are excellent, but this blend is particularly special- it is very smooth and rich with virtually no bitterness at all. I brew it in a stove-top espresso maker and it’s absolutely perfect every time.
LavAzza Crema Excellent coffee product. Bought for my espresso maker but also use in my drip coffee maker and is great either way.
My favorite coffee. Very rich and full flavored. One taste was all it took for me. I tried Lavazza at a local coffee house in Denver and really enjoyed the taste. No bitterness at all. Very full flavored coffee.I came across this as the word “Crema” caught my eye. Now I am ordering it using the subscribe and save. It is running me $17.41 for every order and that’s with free 2 day shipping because of the Prime Membership.Each brick lasts about 10 days for 2 people drinking 6 cups of coffee every morning. I use 1 tablespoon coffee for every 6 ounces of water brewed in a Target Michael Graves design automatic drip coffeemaker. The “Flavor” button really brings it out in this coffee. I love my coffee with half and half and it really seems to compliment it well.The packages are vacuumed sealed and take up very little space. It really is a 5 star coffee.

If IBHost Web Solutions has raised an Invoice or Debit Note for you, you would have to pay for it in order to settle it.
If you do not have sufficient funds in your account, you can click the Add Funds button, where you would be presented with various methods available to add funds to your account. Once the Funds have been added to your Account, you would have to pay for the Invoice by following instructions from step 2 above.
The reason foreclosures won't stop is that life events won't stop happening, and we're no longer able to borrow our way out of trouble.... (Continue reading)
Tagged with: average home prices bankruptcies consumer credit economy foreclosure crisis foreclosures HAMP HARP HELOC HOME PRICES life events loan modifications mortgages real estate second mortgages
Los Angeles attorney, Mark Didak, who wrote an amicus brief in the Yvanova v. New Century Mortgage case, shares views and excitement related to the decision.... (Continue reading)
Tagged with: Attorney Mark Didak attorney Richard Antognini california foreclosure laws California supreme court et al foreclosure crisis homeowner lawsuits late transfer into REMIC trust loan modifications mortgage mortgage servicers stop foreclosures UCC Article 9 Yvanova decision Yvanova v. New Century Mortgage
Richard Antognini is the lawyer who took the Yvanova v. New Century Mortgage case to California's Supreme Court. Don't miss what he has to say about the case.... (Continue reading)
Tagged with: foreclosure crisis glaski decision housing market late transfers into REMIC trusts loan modifications mortgages Pooling & Servicing Agreements Richard Antognini securitized trusts stop foreclosures UCC Article 3 UCC Article 9 Yvanova decision Yvanova v. New Century
Max Gardner is one of the superstar lawyers of the foreclosure crisis. Here's a chance to hear his analysis of the recent California Supreme Court decision that everyone's talking about.... (Continue reading)
Tagged with: California supreme court foreclosure crisis homeowners rights legal podcast loan modifications max gardner mortgage O. Max Gardner III real estate stop foreclosure Yvanova decision Yvanova v. New Century Mortgage
In Yvanova, the court didn’t say whether her claim that the trust didn't own her loan would prevail, only that a borrower now has standing to make that claim.... (Continue reading)
Tagged with: california homeowner bill of rights California supreme court foreclosure crisis foreclosure defense fraudulent assignments late assignment to trust loan modifications max gardner new century mortgage New York Trust Law REMIC trusts Richard Antognini standing to challenge assignment stop foreclosures the tender rule void vs. voidable wrongful foreclosure Yvanova decision Yvanova v. New Century Mortgage Corp.
Learn the most up-to-date loss mitigation & legal strategies, based on new state & federal statutes that have dramatically changed the playing field.... (Continue reading)
If you have a question or need more information from Mandelman Matters, please send an email to: info@mandelmanmatters.com, or complete and send the form below.

Program for the March 24, 1999 Founder's Day ceremony held in the William H. Pitt Health and Recreation Center.
Excessive alcohol consumption is a growing health problem in the United States. Many smartphone applications track drinking habits to solve this problem; but most do not provide contextual data, which may cause a change in habit. This Major Qualifying Project focused on researching and developing a smartphone application that visualizes contextual data of a user's alcohol drinking habits, such as drinking locations, drinking times, and people drinking with. Data visualization presents data to users where recurrent patterns can be seen and not obvious information is apparent. Research steps included identifying alcohol context and charts to visualize those contexts. Surveys and focus groups were conducted to compile a set of visualizations into the mobile application AlcoContextualizer.

I have some mixed feelings about the dress, because it kind of reminds me of a nightgown, but it's so flowy and feels comfy, so I like it. :P

'crazyticketcasino' says: goal timer started! fuck and cum on meeee. type /timeleft to see the time remaining to buy a ticket for 49 tokens! type /cmds to see all commands.
Order Heart shaped painted 2 hole wooden buttons for sewing, knitting, crochet, card making and scrapbooking pack of 50pcs ~ Arts,crafts & Sewing | ChefBlogDigest.com
Beautiful embellishments for your latest craft project,Can also be used in button art and button jewellery.
Products can be processed on the sewing,scrapbooking,earrings,necklaces,mobile phone charms,crafts etc,and so on. Wood Wooden Sewing Button For Scrapbooking,Embellishing Cards,Other DIY Arts Craft Projects. You can use it to DIY,use it to sewing your hat,clothes,ect. Great for DIY and adding finishing touches to bags,jackets,scarves,hats,jumpers

ClickDichReich is the old version of our current App ClickToBeRich! We have modified it to an addition to our new, current Version to give you some tips and tricks as well as giving you some Promo Codes for ClickToBeRich!
Finally we want to say THANK YOU to all and everyone who play and recommend ClickDichReich 1.0 and ClickToBeRich!
Shogi × physics engine! , Drop king of opponent playing the piece! New concept tensile action Shogi!
It consists of Current Nepali date and Time that shows Nepali date and time at current time along with tithi events for the day, holidays etc.
Nepali Calendar or Ramro Patro consists of so many features such as Nepali date and English date with tithi, panchanga, holidays list, Bibah dates, Bratabandha dates, Hom dates, Pasni Dates, Rudri dates, shortcut menus to festivals such as Dashain, Tihar, New Year, Lhosar, Chaath parba, Maghe sankranti etc.
Nepali Unicode features allows to type unicode, copy and share directly to social networks or email to the friends.
Nepali Date Converter converts Bikram Sambat date into English Date and English Dates into Bikram sambat date aka BS to AD converter or AD to BS converter. It also shows the age.
Nepali Forex shows the current exchange rates of different countries to Nepali Rupees i.e. NPR. It also helps to calculate them.
Nepali FM Radio features allows to listen more than 200 FM Radios of Nepal online. This feature needs internet to work.
Nepali News allows to view current news of very popular news sites of Nepal such as Kantipur, Online Khabar, Setopati, Ratopati, Annapurna post etc. It is online service and needs internet.
In addition this app allows users to take screenshot of different features of app and share among friends.

Lobo HR is a human resource consulting agency, supporting companies in a variety of processes associated with human resources management. Our carefully selected team of specialists ensures high quality service in the recruitment of permanent, temporary work, outsourcing of employees, training, auditing and consulting in the broad area of HR, for our Client, we are looking for:
Accountable for administrating at the cloud IaaS layer management tooling, consisting of monitoring, provisioning, orchestration, identity, security, registration and back-up & recovery capabilities
Proven knowledge and experience in the following Microsoft tools SCCM, SCOM, Hyper-V, VMware ESX, Windows Clustering, Active Directory, PowerShell, DNS, McAfee EPO or able to learn these tooling within something like 3 -6 months


Shane Battier doesn’t have a well-established nickname, though I guess “Batman” comes closest. So, when Battier learned the Miami Heat would wear nickname jerseys a few times this season, he was stuck. Tim Reynolds of the Associated Press:
Miami forward Shane Battier – who wasn’t exactly thrilled about the nickname idea – said he wanted to wear ”Batman” on his jersey, though was told that Warner Brothers holds the rights to that name, and other players have also had to deal with copyright-related issues with their suggested monikers. Battier said he’ll go with ”Shaneo” instead.
Thankfully, instead of pushing “Shaneo” into our lexicon, Battier found a better idea, wearing “Battle” on the back of his jersey. Phil Latzman of 90.9 wbur Boston:
“I’m using this opportunity for the nickname jersey to pay a tribute to a great lady, who passed away and touched a lot of people,” Heat forward Shane Battier said. “It’s my way of saying, ‘I love you grandma.’”
“It’s a once-in-a-lifetime thing, to pay homage to my family, and to see them fired up and care so much about something that is trivial to most of the guys,” Battier said. “It’s kind of cool.”
A few years ago, Battier explained why his paternal grandmother had a slightly different last name than he did. Bad hand-writing.
I don’t think “Battle” will stick as Battier’s nickname. He’s a tough player, but his style isn’t quite physical enough to match the traditional meaning of the word.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — When Robert Covington, Dario Saric and Jerryd Bayless walked into their hotel rooms in Minnesota, they found appropriate gifts from Timberwolves All-Star Karl-Anthony Towns: winter coats.
After the overnight temperature dropped to 7 degrees, the newest members of the team by way of the Jimmy Butler trade with Philadelphia appreciated the welcome from Minnesota’s best player. Butler’s awkward and drawn-out departure created an icy atmosphere around the organization, but now that the deal is finally done, the Wolves have begun trying to warm the atmosphere back up.
“We can’t wait to get on the court, put on that jersey and put it on for this city,” Covington said at a news conference inside Target Center on Tuesday afternoon that carried just a bit less buzz than Butler’s open-to-the-public introduction at the Mall of America less than 17 months ago.
As Butler formally joined the 76ers , the Wolves pivoted forward after a pressure-relieving win over Brooklyn on Monday night following an 0-5 road trip.
Neither Covington nor Saric played against the Nets, but they’re on track to take the floor on Wednesday night against New Orleans. Bayless is injured, rehabilitating a hyperextended right knee, and with a glut of point guards on the roster he’s not expected to see playing time even once he’s healthy. Both Covington and Saric were starters for the Sixers, who finished third in the Eastern Conference last season at 52-30.
“They’re both young, and they’re going to get better. Both are very good defensively. They both shoot the 3. We think they fit well with the guys that we do have,” said president of basketball operations and coach Tom Thibodeau. “Once we got to that point where we felt we were getting multiple rotational players, then we felt it would be time to execute the deal. When we initially started off, that wasn’t the case.”
As for whether the Timberwolves could be better without Butler, the four-time All-Star with exceptional ability on both ends on the court, Thibodeau demurred.
“We have to focus on who’s here. We think we have a good, young nucleus, and we have to build off of that,” Thibodeau said.
The 27-year-old, who went undrafted out of Tennessee State and began in the NBA with Houston in the 2013-14 season, has career averages of 12.6 points, 5.5 rebounds and 1.6 assists per game with a 35.9 shooting percentage from 3-point range. The 6-foot-9 Covington was an All-Defensive First Team pick last season with a career-most 315 deflections and a defensive rating of 99.0 that led all forwards in the league with at least 30 minutes per game. He was ninth in the NBA in steals with an average of 1.7 per game.
That’s the area where he’ll help the Timberwolves the most, the area that Butler was also acquired to help improve.
“In order to stay in this league and be effective, you’ve got to be able to go down there and be able to stop somebody on the other end,” Covington said, adding: “I think I watched more film the first few years than I’ve ever watched my entire life, as far as just different guys and watching how they read certain things and build the habits of watching players and everything. So I’d say the past couple seasons is when everything started to click.”
The 24-year-old Saric was named to the All-Rookie First Team in 2016-17. The native of Croatia has career averages of 13.5 points, 6.5 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game. He shot 39.3 percent from 3-point range last season.
Covington will likely fill Butler’s starting spot. Thibodeau could move Taj Gibson to the second unit and keep Saric as a starter. The 6-foot-10 Saric, who was the 12th overall pick in the 2014 draft, is the classic “stretch four” with a power forward’s size and a small forward’s shot. He meshed well with Sixers center Joel Embiid, so Towns has the potential to similarly complement his game.
“KAT is shooting so much better from the 3-point line than Joel, and it seems like we can play with each other,” Saric said, adding: “If I find a way how to play with Joel, I think I can find a way how to play with KAT.”
Without Jimmy Butler, Timberwolves move on with warm welcome for newbies November 14, 2018 8:56 am EST Three Things to Know: Durant’s pending free agency looms over Green suspension November 14, 2018 7:55 am EST Terse Kevin Durant says he has not yet spoken to Draymond Green November 14, 2018 2:54 am EST Jimmy Butler on Markelle Fultz: ‘I know how hard he works’ (VIDEO) November 13, 2018 11:57 pm EST Raptors players say emotions will run high when Dwane Casey returns November 13, 2018 11:15 pm EST Steve Kerr jokes after Durant-Draymond spat: ‘I kicked MJ’s ass’ November 13, 2018 10:15 pm EST Kevin Durant appears to mouth ‘That’s why I’m out’ after Draymond Green dustup November 13, 2018 9:15 pm EST Report: Minnesota tried to talk Jimmy Butler for Bradley Beal trade with Washington, was turned away November 13, 2018 8:15 pm EST Report: Sixers, in need of shooting, interested in Kyle Korver trade November 13, 2018 7:13 pm EST Warriors suspend Draymond Green for postgame comments in locker room November 13, 2018 6:31 pm EST Report: DeAndre Jordan has bothered Mavericks teammates with selfish play November 13, 2018 5:11 pm EST Jimmy Butler joins 76ers defending reputation from Timberwolves exit November 13, 2018 4:04 pm EST Report: Draymond Green-Kevin Durant spat ‘one of the most intense of this Warriors era’ November 13, 2018 3:03 pm EST DeMar DeRozan learned he had been traded in parking lot of Jack-in-the-Box November 13, 2018 2:00 pm EST Nets: Caris LeVert dislocated foot, will return this season November 13, 2018 1:02 pm EST PBT Podcast: Lakers’ talk with Eric Pincus (plus Butler, Carmelo news) November 13, 2018 12:00 pm EST Report: Markelle Fultz, Drew Hanlen no longer speaking let alone working together November 13, 2018 11:00 am EST Rumor: Lakers not signing Carmelo Anthony November 13, 2018 10:00 am EST Kevin Durant argues with Draymond Green after failed final shot attempt November 13, 2018 9:00 am EST Three Things to Know: NBA family sends love after horrific Caris LeVert injury November 13, 2018 7:51 am EST Clippers knock off Warriors in overtime 121-116 November 13, 2018 3:08 am EST Tom Thibodeau on Timberwolves not getting first-rounder in Jimmy Butler trade: ‘Getting good players was a priority’ November 12, 2018 11:35 pm EST Caris LeVert suffers injury so horrific, it brings teammates to tears and opponents to prayer (video) November 12, 2018 10:10 pm EST Markelle Fultz takes ugly pump-fake free throw November 12, 2018 8:51 pm EST LeBron James: ‘I almost cracked’ with Lakers’ slow start November 12, 2018 8:02 pm EST Dwyane Wade: Making Carmelo Anthony ‘fall guy’ doesn’t address the ‘real problem’ November 12, 2018 6:44 pm EST Report: Jimmy Butler planned to hold out from Timberwolves unless traded, informing team during Friday’s game November 12, 2018 5:53 pm EST Jimmy Butler on being a Sixer: ‘I’m ready to get started, we got a little ways to go’ November 12, 2018 4:06 pm EST Karl-Anthony Towns takes high road, praises Jimmy Butler after trade November 12, 2018 2:59 pm EST Jimmy Butler officially joins Philadelphia 76ers November 12, 2018 2:04 pm EST Lakers, Hawks wear ‘Enough’ jerseys to support shooting victims, Adam Silver backs them November 12, 2018 1:01 pm EST LeBron James: ‘I suck from the free throw line right now’ November 12, 2018 11:59 am EST Watch Jimmer Fredette’s 75-point game in China November 12, 2018 10:55 am EST Report: Pelicans rebuffed Wolves on Jrue Holiday in Jimmy Butler trade talks November 12, 2018 10:00 am EST Report: Wolves considered firing Tom Thibodeau, Scott Layden this summer November 12, 2018 9:00 am EST Three Things to Know: Carmelo Anthony isn’t worth the disruption anymore November 12, 2018 7:45 am EST Watch Zach LaVine throw down 360 dunk off missed free throw November 12, 2018 12:10 am EST LeBron James misses FTs but Tyson Chandler saves Lakers with buzzer-beating block November 12, 2018 12:10 am EST Report: Rockets’ players, coaches think Carmelo Anthony will not return to team November 11, 2018 11:41 pm EST Report: 0-5 roadtrip convinced Tom Thibodeau to trade Jimmy Butler November 11, 2018 10:00 pm EST
If you were in worship on Sunday, September 16, you may remember that I did my annual anniversary/vision sermon. In it I used the waterfall picture here displayed to talk about the blessings that God is constantly pouring into our lives. However, to take full advantage of God’s blessing we need to walk boldly into God’s waterfall to receive the blessings for ourselves and to let them flow out to all around us. I then went on to enumerate some bold changes, or moves, or experiments that I envision God calling us to. More about that at the end.
What I didn’t take time to say is how thankful I am for the bold visions that we have accomplished over the last 8 years. One of the things about serving Christ at North Branch that I most enjoy is your ability to try bold change.
(We accomplished all three if you count the debt retirement line item for the Sunrise House as mission money.)
This next five-year vision (2004-2009) has been less external and more internal. Towards that God has empowered us to:
Begin each of the last three years with Passionate Spirituality months where we have studied best-selling Christian books in sermons and small groups;
When I think back over all that God has done through us in these eight years, I am profoundly grateful and deeply humbled.
And so it is that though my knees knock, I ultimately sense Christ’s hands carrying us to the bold changes that I laid out for the next year or so on September 16. They are:
To engage in dialogue over a proposed Contemporary Service at 9 AM and something like our current services at 10:30 AM in order to meet a need and reach out;
To bless the ongoing dialogue between Preschool Board and leadership over changes to keep this outreach ministry ever more vital.
Biochemical and molecular characterization of pathogenic vibrios from hatcheries and aquaculture farms Biochemical and molecular characterization of pathogenic vibrios from hatcheries and aquaculture farms

Tegucigalpa, January 20 (RHC)-- Former Honduran president Manuel Zelaya has thanked members of the National Congress for protesting the reelection of Juan Orlando Hernandez (JOH) of the National Party, who is due to be sworn in on January 27th. Zelaya …
Premium Performance Package: powerful engines - Cub Cadet EFI, Cub Cadet-Certified Kohler® V-Twin, high-output battery, heavy-duty front wheel bearings, Multi-Trac tire tread, front bumper and armrests
V-Twin EFI engine available on LX 46". The only tractor with benefits of electronic fuel injected engines. The new Cub Cadet 679cc twin EFI engine packs high-performance power. Not to mention reduced maintenance and up to 25% less fuel consumption.
Push-Button Start offer keyless engine start with easy Smart-Choke™ technology, along with the Cub Connect™ Bluetooth® Maintenance Monitoring. Available on Cub Cadet EFI engines on select XT2 tractors.
Foot-controlled traction control differential lock for all weather conditions and cutting terrains available on select XT2 tractors. Built to last with Tuff-Torq K62 Hydrostatic transmission featuring steel gears.



Thought I would share another favorite recipe of mine since my last one good such great feedback —> [Link] This one is sightly more complicated, but still relatively easy to do. Just follow the ratio of ingredients used and you’ll be fine!! Get ready to make some indulgent, fudgy, delectable, salted caramel brownies! Yes, they are as delicious as they sound… So they are worth the time, believe you me!
First things first – preheat your oven to 160 degrees. Also, cover a baking tin with baking paper, and grease it slightly – I use that cooking spray stuff, just to make sure the brownie mix doesn’t stick to the paper. It shouldn’t anyway, but better safe than sorry!
In a small bowl mix 175 grams of the caramel with the teaspoon of sea salt. The caramel should loosen up when combined with the salt. Put aside for now.
Put the rest of your caramel in a separate, larger bowl. Add in the brown sugar and eggs. Mix well with a whisk until even.
Melt both the dark chocolate and milk chocolate – combine with the unsalted butter. Whisk in this mixture well to the previously prepared larger bowl (the one with the caramel, brown sugar and eggs).
Pour HALF of this newly made brownie batter into the prepared baking tin; level it with a spatula. Using a teaspoon, spoon half of the salted caramel on top of the batter layer in 5 evenly spaced stripes.
Spoon our the rest of the brownie batter on top of this. Smooth it out, try not to disturb the caramel beneath.
Top the mix with the rest of the caramel in the same stripy fashion. Drag a skewer or tip of a knife through the caramel to make a feathered pattern on the top.
Bake for about 25 minutes. The brownie should form a crunchyish crust, and should have a tiny bit of a jiggle to it when shaken (gently of course).
These really are the richest, most fudgy brownies I’ve ever made and I love, love, LOVE them! Try them out!!!
This is a great baby blanket pattern, its easy and quick. If your just learning to crochet you shouldn’t be daunted by this one. You can make your blanket in any colour combination that works for you, or you can use just one colour. I have included the instructions for colour changing you can ignore them if you’ve chosen to make this in one colour.
I’ve been working hard to design my own patterns and seeing how I get on with more complicated patterns. So when a lady I work with announced her pregnancy I couldn’t resist a pretty hat and blanket. I chatted with her about her nursery colours and no surprise she has decorated in grey and mustard. Grey is very fashionable in the UK for babies just now and mustard is one of my favourite colours, so bright and warm. She is a modern, fashionable young lady so I new granny squares wouldn’t suit. She has decided on a surprise so doesn’t know what she’s having, this is what I made…..
There are many,many opportunities for changing the colours to suit the person you are making this for. I do love these colours though, I think they work really well.
You can find the hat pattern here – Lacy Crochet I added a picot to the last row so it matches the blanket edging. I haven’t quite got my head around the increases for a hat yet.
Row 1 – (Colour A) 1 trc, “miss one stitch, v-stitch in the next stitch”, repeat to the end of the row finishing with 1trc in the last stitch.
Row 2 – 1 trc in the first st of row one, v-stitch in the chain 1 space of the first v-stitch in row 1, repeat to the end of the row, 1trc in the last st of row one.
Row 6 – (Colour B) 1 trc, “miss one stitch, v-stitch in the next stitch”, repeat to the end of the row finishing with 1trc in the last stitch.
Row 7 – (Colour C) 1 trc, “miss one stitch, v-stitch in the next stitch”, repeat to the end of the row finishing with 1trc in the last stitch.
Row 1 – (continue in colour A) *dc in each st to the corner, dc, ch 2, dc*, repeat * to * to the end, sl st to join ch 1.
Row 5 – (Colour C) htc in each* st to the corner, htc, ch1, htc*, repeat * to * to the end, sl st to join ch 1.
Row 9 (Colour B) picot in the first stitch, , *miss one st, picot* repeat * to * to the first corner, picot twice in the ch 2 of the last row, picot in the next st, * picot, miss one st, picot*, repeat * to * to the end using the first corner pattern for the next three corners. sl st to join cast off.
*Note – due to the software used for the stitch diagrams the legends are in American Terms see Crochet Terms UK to US conversion for translation to English Terms
You are so welcome I’ve spent hours learning how to use the software because I too prefer the diagrams they are so much easier to read and follow 🙂
There is always something going on in San Pedro, even this time of year, and that is what I love about it. Yesterday, I headed into town to meet a friend at Wild Mango's, one of my favorite restaurants. They just opened after a slow-season holiday break and yesterday, it was not slow there at all. I am glad to have them back.
I ordered Amy's Chef Salad (though I was really torn...they make some ridiculously good ceviches with coconut milk in them. If they have the tuna one available, you HAVE TO try it). The salad is lettuce, beets, cashews, grilled chicken, pineapple, papaya, some hearts of palm, yummy pickled onions, cucumber, Mango Lime dressing and probably more. My friend got the Beef Tacos...both were so tasty.
After lunch I had a few errands to run. I've been reading lots of books recently, some better than others and I was down to my last. If you haven't been to Aquarius Beauty Salon/Used Book mart on Middle Street, you are missing out. I'm not sure what I'd do without it. The owner, Kim, has lived in San Pedro for 27 years and has a TON of paperbacks of all different kinds. Newer ones, older ones and ones that look like they were found in a time capsule. (This is one of about 6 book shelves in her salon.)
The place is quite small and unassuming but you will find it. It's right across the street from Milo's and next door to the Green House. Books usually go for about $5bzd or if you come often, you can usually just swap. She is very easy going.
Next, I went right across the street to Milo's Center to pay the electric bill. At $298bzd it is one of my cheapest all year. Ugh.
Milo's is the Western Union/Money Exchange/Phone Credit Buying/Rent Collecting/Electric Bill Paying Emporium in town. It's usually my luck that there is someone at the beginning of the line that works for a hotel or a property management company paying about 10 bills at once. Generally that leaves the rest of us sighing and cursing behind him. Not today.
There was something else to keep me busy. The security guard called me over to point out a bees' nest that had set up right outside the window. It was buzzing furiously. His story? They had flown over en masse on Saturday afternoon and in 2 days made this hive. No one at Milo's seemed to be in any rush to get rid of it. I don't blame them. Those little buggers look angry. Ick.
Bills paid, books swapped, I headed home. Passing BC's Beach bar, I spotted these dogs lined up outside.
There is a dog walker in town who works for Pampered Paws pet supply shop, boarding and grooming. The guy is the Cesar Milan of San Pedro, the Belizean Dog Whisperer. He was chatting with a friend, told these dogs to sit in formation, leashes loose and they did just that. None of them dared move. This guy has an incredible way with hypnotizing canines. They just stared at him waiting for their next command. During the busy season, you will see him with 10-12 dogs all in the same loving trance. But all of THAT is for another blog.
Between Caribbean Villas and Xanadu, an old wooden house that is on a huge, PRIME beach front lots was being torn down. Wonder if it was sold?
This iguana outside my door was enjoying the sun so much, he wouldn't budge. Sick of all this rain, buddy? I had to walk around him. The nerve.
If you are reading my blog even a little bit, please became a fan on Facebook...or just send me cold hard cash. Thanks!
Nice little diary of the day Sprouts. That bee swarm will probably move on in a day or so, they make that "hive" of living bees to protect the queen at the center. Thanks for the tip on the books too.
YES - but please don't kill the bees. We need them to pollinate the plants. It’s really too bad the Africanized bees have been labeled ‘killer.’ Just as the beautiful Hammerhead Sharks are called ‘killer.’
It would be nice if some one here on the island started a colony and actually built hives and collected honey. ANYONE?
Virtually all of the bees in northern South America, all of Central America, and parts of the southern USA are now hybrids of the original African and European strains which escaped from Brazil in 1956. All nests and swarms of bees should be given a wide berth.
Interesting Fact: Bees are not indigenous to the Western Hemisphere and were introduced first from Europe and then Africa.
Very interesting. Periodically, in the dry season, a small swarm of bees hang around my bird feeders. So far they have not bothered any one; not even the dogs.
The dog in the dog pic, that is in the middle is my sweet Sarah. David, the SP Dog Whisperer has trained her to perfection! Love them both!
Thanks for reading the blog, guys. I'm telling you...something strange, interesting, bizarre happens every time I walk into town. There are lots of characters in SP.
Since Belize Natural Energy began producing commercial crude in 2006, roughly $1.5 billion worth of crude oil has been sold on the local and foreign markets with an estimated volume of 9 million barrels, resulting in the Government of Belize netting $424 million in receipts and landowners netting $5.3 million in royalties. This is according to figures published by the Geology and Petroleum Department.
No figures are currently available to indicate the profits earned by Belize Natural Energy, but we were advised that expenditure information, which would allow us to determine the extent of BNE’s cumulative profits, would eventually be available.
Belize Natural Energy, which operates in Cayo in western Belize, is still the only company producing oil in Belize, but after hitting a peak of $146 million in 2011, crude oil sales have been on a rapid decline. The Government of Belize now hopes that a commercial oil find in the south of the country could result in a rebound in petroleum earnings.
According to Andre Cho, Director of Geology and Petroleum, hope of a commercial find rests with Maranco and US Capital. He said that whereas BNE continues production at two oil fields: Spanish Lookout and Never Delay, production has continued on the decline and the company, whose concession area now spans 34 square miles in Cayo, has about 8 years left for production in Belize.
Meanwhile, Maranco, which is exploring in northern Belize, continues testing its wells. Cho said that the company is trying to look at different ways that they could test the wells and to see how much could be produced.
Cho explained that US Capital has two primary target sites in Toledo. The first, as we told you last week, is roughly 800 meters within the borders of the Sarstoon Temash National Park, and the second, said Cho, is closer to Crique Sarco.
We queried how much time US Capital has on its contract with the Government of Belize. Cho explained that on January 22, 2008, the Government of Belize amended the effective date of the US Capital contract, to compensate for time lost due to the dispute with the Maya over the project.
“Government amended it in a way, to give back the years lost,” said Cho, noting that the exploration period ends January 21, 2016.
Cho confirmed that he had recently visited the site where US Capital intends to drill. He said that the company is putting the drill rig together, and it will take another week or so for them to complete the process. As for official monitoring by his department, Cho told us he and the three other geologists at the Department will continue to conduct constant monitoring at the drill site.
Back in 2010, we reported that there were 18 petroleum concessions in existence, covering nearly all of Belize. Today, that figure is down to 9, according to official information published by the Geology and Petroleum Department. According to the official information, these concessions cover roughly 4,500 square miles (or about 3 million acres) of onshore and offshore territory.
BelGeo Limited, Blue Creek Exploration Ltd., BCH International Ltd., Maranco Belize Ltd., Perenco Belize Ltd., Princess Petroleum Ltd., Providence Energy Ltd., US Capital Energy Belize Ltd. and Belize Natural Energy are the 9 companies with contracts. Princess Petroleum has about a million acres offshore under its concession, but Cho said that no offshore works have been carried out by that company.
Meanwhile, Cho confirmed that US Capital is getting ready to drill; Perenco is processing seismic survey results, while BelGeo and BCH are shooting seismic. Nothing is reportedly happening with the contracts for Princess Petroleum and Blue Creek Exploration, which has a partnership with New World Oil and Gas, Cho told us.
We asked what happened to Paradise Energy Limited, which had been given an extensive oil concession over the Maya Mountain Massif. Cho said that the company had relinquished its blocks.
I see links of places off the mainland, but was curious if there are any places off of Ambergris to see them? Better time of year?
Hello Dave.....Yes, watching the Bio luminescence is one of our favorite late night events......It's an automatic if the power goes out at night, we simply walk to the end of the pier with a glass of wine, sit quietly and watch the light show, it can go on for hours.... Typically after 10p (if we can stay up that late)..... We have learned it needs to be dark & quiet to see them, therefore town is not the best place. We live South of town about 3 miles in a safe area that gets pretty dark at night.....A beautiful site well worth any effort..... Hope you find a place.....
I am looking for information regarding dock / pier law... I am hoping your long time experience might point me in the correct direction. Additionally, I do not want to spend money on an attorney unnecessarily...
Specifically, I have a man who is parking his boat permanently on my dock with no lease. I have ask him to move it (verbally and in writing) with no success. I have emailed the chief of police with no response. (Henry Jemmott).
If in fact the neighbor is in some kind of violation, it is a civil legal problem, not a criminal one.
This means calling an attorney, not a police officer at this juncture. If a court issues an order then the police can enforce it.
This rule is obviously broken all over the country, my lot and many others come within 10 or so feet.
This ownership includes docks, which in Belize are built and maintained by the people who’s property abbuts the sea frontage, after they have applied and received permission from the Gov. to build them.
This Gov. owned seashore rule is in effect in lots of countries, it was the same in Costa Rica and Florida.
It has it’s roots in old maritime law, stops denial of people in distress (at sea) from safe landing.
As always in Belize, a dispute would bring varied arbitrary results, depends on who’s dock and who wants to walk on it. There are lots of docks on CC that have signs and gates.
The Ministry responsible for granting pier permits is the Ministry of Natural Resources through its Physical Planning Department. When you applied for your permit they provide a document that states the rules and regulations under which you were granted the pier permit. When experiencing problems the use of the pier it would be best to contact the department in order for them to instruct you on how to proceed.
What is minimum weight and age for parasailing? what are the names and contact information for companies offering parasailing on Ambergris. thanks.
Are there any business groups / associations in San Pedro. Also do any affiliations such as Rotary , Kiwanis or Lions meet on the island.

One of the most interesting recent developments in global agri-food systems has been the rapid emergence and elaboration of market audit systems claiming environmental qualities or sustainability. In New Zealand, as a strongly export-oriented, high-value food producer, these environmental market audit systems have emerged as an important pathway for producers to potentially move towards more sustainable production. There have, however, been only sporadic and fractured attempts to study the emerging social practice of sustainable agriculture--particularly in terms of the emergence of new audit disciplines in farming. The ARGOS project in New Zealand was established in 2003 as a longitudinal matched panel study of over 100 farms and orchards using different market audit systems (e.g., organic, integrated or GLOBALG.A.P.). This article reports on the results of social research into the social practice of sustainable agriculture in farm households within the ARGOS projects between 2003 and 2009. Results drawn from multiple social research instruments deployed over six years provide an unparalleled level of empirical data on the social practice of sustainable agriculture under audit disciplines. Using 12 criteria identified in prior literature as contributing a significant social dynamic around sustainable agriculture practices in other contexts, the analysis demonstrated that 9 of these 12 dimensions did demonstrate differences in social practices emerging between (or co-constituting) organic, integrated, or conventional audit disciplines. These differences clustered into three main areas: 1) social and learning/knowledge networks and expertise, 2) key elements of farmer subjectivity--particularly in relation to subjective positioning towards the environment and nature, and 3) the role and importance of environmental dynamics within farm management practices and systems. The findings of the project provide a strong challenge to some older framings of the social practice of sustainable agriculture: particularly those that rely on paradigm-driven evaluation of social motivations, strong determinism of sustainable practice driven by coherent farmer identity, or deploying overly categorical interpretations of what it means to be "organic" or "conventional". The complex patterning of the ARGOS data can only be understood if the social practice of organic, integrated or (even more loosely) conventional production is understood as being co-produced by four dynamics: subjectivity/identity, audit disciplines, industry cultures/structure and time. This reframing of how we might research the social practice of sustainable agriculture opens up important new opportunities for understanding the emergence and impact of new audit disciplines in agriculture. (Contains 2 tables.)


The Episode starts with Kartik liking snacks made by Naksh. Naira says I have to eat pickles. She goes to get it. She sees Naitik, Akshara and Naksh’s certificates and medals. Kartik says I think Naira will have some pickles there itself. She says I m getting it. She comes to them and says I want to finish my studies. They all get surprised. She says there were many limitations in Rishikesh, when I came Udaipur, I got busy and then mumma….. then Kartik came in my life, I thought I may forget this if I get busy in academy, I realized studies are also imp. Kartik and everyone clap. Kartik says I m very proud of you. Naitik says I m with you. Kartik says thank for freely saying this to us. Naitik says you are already independent, its a wonderful thing that you want to study. They all
raise a toast. Baisa says ask Dadi once. Naira says I m sure they all will agree. Kartik and Naira come home. Naira says Dadi went to satsang, I will tell everyone.
Kartik asks servant what happened to him. He worries for the burn and asks did Shubham do this. Servant says let it be. Kartik sends him to get aid. Kartik says how will we know Shubham’s problem. Naira says we know his problem. Kartik says Suhana’s chapter is over, he isn’t telling us. She says I will talk to him. Shubham says he won’t send me drugs if I don’t give money. Naira knocks door and says talk to me, I want to say something. Shubham checks his wallet and cards. Kids get something and mix in soil. They cough. Naira comes and says Shubham didn’t open the door. Kartik asks what happened to kids. Naira gets water. He asks what’s that. Naira says don’t know. Shubham comes downstairs and gets shocked seeing the drugs packet.
Naira smells the powder. She coughs. Kartik asks what is it. She says its a powder which we add in the soil to make plants healthy. Kartik says maybe gardener left this outside. He asks servant to clean the mess. Naira sees Shubham. He goes and checks the bin. She comes there and says how did this dustbin fall. She asks servant to clean it. She gets the same packet and says it had some powder, how did this get empty. Naitik eats chocolates. Devyaani worries. He says I wanted to have chocolates, I m not in depression, I m missing kids, you can call Priyanka and ask, people can have chocolates even in good mood. He goes. Devyaani and Rajshri wish everything is fine, he has something to divert his attention, it would have been good if Kirti and Naksh had a child.
Kartik says my tension is less now, you and kids are fine. She says you panic for little things. He says I can’t tolerate when anyone dear is in problem, you got me with ease. She says you don’t value me right. He says I value you, we both love families a lot. She says nothing should happen to anyone. He says yes, you, Kirti and Shubham… She says Kirti and I handled ourselves, but Shubham didn’t cope you. He says life wasn’t fair with him, nothing bad should happen with me now. She says it won’t happen. He asks did she think about her college and course. She says no, later, I have to teach kids now. She asks them not to take breaks.
Kartik comes and says same rules for teacher. She says what subjects. He says I can teach you what I know, we will study management. She gets bored. Kids smile. She signs them. She says I had some work in kitchen. He says nothing. She sleeps. He says wake up, study, come on. She says enough now. He says you won’t get an amazing teach like me, you will study alone later and miss me. She says don’t be senti. He says finish this, then we will learn to keep marriage evergreen. He says then teach that first, I will not like this boring subjects. He says why don’t we start this subject today. He gets Akhilesh’s call. He finishes call and sees them gone. He says Naira was giving lecture to kids, she is also gone, I will teach her every day, if she is a tigress, I m the ring master. Suwarna leaves from her room. Shubham takes some money and turns. He gets shocked seeing Naira.
He says I had some work. She says I have seen you stealing money. He says no, its my money. She says tell me the truth, why do you need money. He says I need it, I m son of this house, but I have no value, my card is blocked, shall I commit suicide to end my needs, or this second way. She says theft. He says its my right, not theft, I didn’t do anything wrong. He sees Kartik, Manish at the door. Kartik scolds him. Everyone comes. Naira asks Kartik to be gentle and ask. She asks Shubham why is he doing all this. Kartik says he won’t tell me. Shubham says I won’t talk to anyone, I m going. Naira stops him. Kartik asks why are you shouting, am I sending you to jail. Shubham says then send me to jail, its good for you, you have your rights. Kartik asks who said about rights. Shubham says you have blocked my card, just give me my share of the property. Kartik asks what share. Shubham says don’t act innocent. Manish says stop it and folds hand. Naira asks Shubham to go to his room and rest, they will talk later. Shubham goes. Naira asks them not to worry, Shubham is very angry. We will talk to him when he gets normal.
Kartik comes to Naira. He says I feel bad, will everything fall apart. She says no, we won’t let it happen, else we will make it fine, we will at least try. They hold hands and smile.
Dadi asks have you applied in a college, what’s the need to work. Naira says I want to complete my studies, did I do anything wrong. Dadi says much wrong.
Written Update, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May 2018 Serial Written, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May 2018 Tellyupdate, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May 2018 Written Episode, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May 2018 Written Episode Update, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May 2018 Written Serial, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 11th May showupdate, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai 30th Sep 2018 Written Story, YRKKH 11th May 2018 serial written, YRKKH 11th May 2018 showupdate, YRKKH 11th May 2018 Tellyupdate, YRKKH 11th May 2018 Written Episode, YRKKH 11th May 2018 Written Episode Update, YRKKH 11th May 2018 Written Serial, YRKKH 11th May 2018 Written Story
“Empaths did not come into this world to be victims, we came to be warriors. Be brave. Stay strong. We need all hands on deck.”
As most of you know, I’m psychic, and have been this way to varying degrees all my life. All of us are intuitive – that’s our birthright, and it’s hardwired into us. Even the most disconnected or ‘non-believing’ of us will still have gut feelings or hunches strong enough that we can acknowledge and act upon them.
But some of us have a much greater sensitivity than that. If you have experienced any of the following (not as a result of mental illness, or a drug or illness induced state!) then this post is written for you:
hearing voices or knowledge not your own – either as a physical sound, or as a voice, knowing or thought that arises inside you that you somehow understand is not your own
being drawn to psychic activities and tools, such as cards, books, courses, modalities and crystals – where you feel compelled to have or work with these, even when your rational mind protests or doesn’t understand
sudden recognition of things previously not known to you – such as knowing the names or uses for things outside your profession or fields of study, or knowing your way around a place you have not ever visited
connection with star people, recurring dreams about or remembered incidences of UFO or alien encounters – these are often not threatening or unpleasant
a strong sense that you are here to do something, to contribute something, to help in some way – this feeling becomes stronger over time until, if you haven’t worked out what it is yet, it becomes almost a sense of despair or desperation
performing healing, art, writing, music and other creative acts where you suddenly ‘know’ what to do, even if you have never been shown before
If you’re sensitive energetically then you are bound to be sensitive in other areas of your life. This is especially true if you are going through a process of spiritual or psychic awakening. At a time of awakening, energies and abilities that have been dormant within you begin to assert themselves in your life. This can be quite a turbulent and confusing time.
From long experience, these are my suggestions about how to live as a Sensitive Soul as you begin to Awaken.
Avoid crowded places such as shopping centres and football games when you are feeling particularly sensitive or energetically vulnerable.
Avoid difficult relationships and people who drain, upset or unbalance you. Limit contact with the crazy-makers in your life.
Eat well. Favour organic foods, with an emphasis on fresh, local produce, with plenty of leafy green vegetables and root vegetables, rice, pulses and yoghurt. Avoid processed food and sugar. Some people may need to avoid meat at this time. Others may need meat to ground them. Listen to your body. If you’re especially sensitive avoid wheat as well.
Take a good powdered magnesium supplement. Your muscles and nervous system use magnesium to relax and it we also burn it like rocket fuel when we are engaging in energy work and psychic activity.
Avoid chemicals in your cleaning and personal care products. Avoid places that have a strong artificial or chemical energy.
Explore vibrational therapies such as bush or bach flower essences, crystals, music, colour and aromatherapy (Want to know about my favourite essential oils for spiritual support and how to get them? Email me at channelnc@gmail.com)
I’ve created a very simple six minute guided meditation to help you open to your spiritual gifts in an energy of safety and protection. Once you know the basics you can easily guide yourself through the process on your own.
If you’re looking for support, community and guidance why not come along to one of my upcoming November events? The events will be held in Brisbane and I’d love to see you there. Can’t make it? Contact us via the contact page on our blog and we’ll add you to our mailing list so we can keep you posted about the online versions when they become available.
At each of our events I’ll be sharing new and detailed information and teaching real skills that can create calm, connection, direction and confidence as you navigate your spiritual journey. Information and tickets available by clicking on the links below:
Channelling Evening and Guided Meditation – vital information about 2019 and how to make the most of these new energies (and so much more!)
Build Your Own Fairy Garden – learn about fairies and create a portable garden that will atrract and support them
Crystal Grids to Support you in 2019 – the basics of sacred geometry and specific crystal grids that will assist you in the coming year
Mystical Manifesting Workshop – this is one of the most exciting workshops I’ve ever offered, and it will help prepare you with focus, clarity and direction for the year ahead. Lots of hands-on activities learning psychic and shamanic skills. This event is suitable for adults only.
“Are you managing your energy well and using it for things that matter? Do you stop to recharge before you push yourself to critically low levels? Unplug to recharge.”
Chakras are energetic gateways or portals. Each has its own colour, and governs different areas and emotions within the body. I have meditated on each of the following images, and programmed each picture to energise, open, balance and heal your chakras.
Go back to that image (images) and spend a little longer. Draw that colour deep into your body. See if any words, impressions, emotions or images come up for you. You might even want to use that as the beginning of a journalling activity. These colours will feed and energise your chakras and are great indicators of what chakras are already flowing and working well or in the process of opening and healing.
Also pay attention to any pictures that seem very flat and energetically unappealing. Note what chakra that picture relates to. Once again see if any words, impressions, emotions or images come up for you. This flat energy will correspond to chakras that are blocked, stagnant or stuck. Send them some white light and a little extra love.
Run your eyes over the images again. See if there is any change. Eventually you’ll find that all of the pictures have an equal brightness as you come back into balance.
Solar Plexus Chakra: Self esteem, individuality, self-worth, self confidence, personal authority, I am
Third Eye Chakra: Imagination, intuition, vision, wisdom, innovation, decision making, spiritual connection
I’d love to know how this activity felt for you – so please feel free to share any of your experiences by leaving a comment below. Much love to you, and all of my intentions, blessings and well-wishes for you to feel energised, balanced and harmonised.
“Follow your bliss and don’t be afraid, and doors will open where you didn’t know they were going to be.” ~ Joseph Cambell
Have you seen the bumper sticker that says ‘We are all Spiritual Beings having a Human Experience’? If you’re reading this, chances are that you are awakening to your own Spiritual Self. I remember when I first began to be aware of my own Spirituality. It was an exciting and difficult time in my life. It was also confusing, because I had little direction and did not know where to begin.
We are spiritual BEings, and when we begin to understand this and to discover and honour this connection to Soul and to Source, miracles begin to happen. There are many ways to nurture our Soul and to develop our Spiritual and Psychic gifts.
We don’t become Spiritual, because we already are. Acknowledging our spiritual aspect is actually just a step towards balance and wholeness in our lives. But how do we do this?
If you want to get fit and healthy, you change your lifestyle and start to exercise. As your body becomes accustomed to these changes it responds by being able to do more, by replacing fat with muscle and by energising you. There’s not much difference with developing spiritual “fitness”. It involves lifestyle choices and committing to exercises that help you to find and strengthen your spiritual and psychic self. Here are some to get you started:
Wake up happy. If you are not happy keep working on feeling good. Don’t get out of bed until you are in a better head-space!!! Stretch in bed, feel good, and surround yourself with white light, drawing it deep into your body. Then seal your aura with a layer of colour, like putting a shell around an egg. Choose the colour you are most drawn to, and know that this will have a benefit for you.
Meditate – meditation is the act of mindful awareness, and it can take many forms. Here is a simple meditation to try: https://youtu.be/F6eFFCi12v8
Time in nature – Stand with your bare feet on the ground, and feel the energy of the Earth anchoring and grounding your body. Feel the sun, sky or moon and stars above you, radiating cosmic energy that enters from the top of your head. Sit leaning against a tree and feel its wise energy nurture you. Watch birds or animals and seek wisdom and messages from them.
Journal – Daily writing helps to create a space for self-knowledge, healing and contemplation. More tips on that here.
Daily card or rune – Choose some runes or a deck of spiritual or inspirational oracle or tarot cards. Each day close your eyes, offer up a prayer for guidance and then choose one card and let its wisdom enrich your understanding by giving you new perspectives.
Eat to lift your vibration – The fresher the food, the higher its vibration. Favour organic, seasonal, minimally processed and cruelty-free. Drink lots of water too!
Say no to drugs, and limit consumption of alcohol, caffeine, sugar and any form of chemical additive.Things that alter your consciousness or hype you up also disconnect you from clarity, reality, soul wisdom and Spirit.
Be discerning about your choice of sexual partners. Sexual intimacy opens up the energy fields of the parties involved, and there is great transference of energy between you. People who lead a lifestyle of lack of regard for their physical and emotional well-being, who take drugs, consume lots of alcohol, and indulge in promiscuity, negative and violent thinking will have unbalanced energy, or worse. When you have sex you open yourself up to all of this. Is this what you want to knowingly expose yourself, your home and loved ones to?
Call on God, your Ancestors, Angels and Guides. None of us is ever alone. There is love and wisdom all around us, and all we ever have to do is ask, and then stay open to that guidance.
Live in the moment – Here is where your power is. Not in the past. Not in the future. Be present in the here and now.
Ask for teachers to come into your life – this might be in the form of books, friends, workshops, mentors. Go with what you are drawn to and discard the rest.
Sending you much love for your journey. Know that you’re in my thoughts, prayers and meditations, Nicole ❤ xx
PS: If you want to learn in a more hands-on way come join me for a one-day workshop in Brisbane in May. Details below:
Cost: $330 adults, $220 children under 17. For more information on our other May events, for VIP options or to book your place visit our Store here on the blog or contact Dana at nicolecodyinfo@gmail.com
There is an unseen force that lives within each of us, and that connects us all. We are energetic by nature, and that energy can guide us if only we can tune in to it. One of the simplest ways to do this is by learning to honour our intuition.
There are many ways to do this, but today I’m going to focus on one: gut feeling. Gut instinct or feeling is a primal response hard-wired into every human.
Gut feeling really does come from that area of your body – your abdomen. It’s not a mind-based wisdom. It doesn’t come from your heart. It comes from that primal genetic material that is encoded and passed from parent to offspring. In humans that is your original eight cells, which are located near your solar plexus. It is also the wisdom of the many bacteria and other organisms that live within the gut itself. We are not just our own consciousness. We are a whole co-creative biosystem that has evolved with an instinct to keep ourselves safe and to guard against threat.
So how do we tune in to this? It’s easier than you think. Gut instinct does not use words or images. Gut instinct uses emotions, and rockets along our central nervous system, which can also produce physical reactions. It operates in 3 modes – neutral, forward and reverse. Some people call this the ‘sixth sense’. Some call it ‘intuition’. Whatever the name, I’m sure you’ve all felt it and are familiar with it, whether you honour it or not.
In ‘forward’, we literally feel that we want to move closer to something. We feel good about it. We feel excited, happy and positive. We can’t explain why, we can’t find the words for it, but we KNOW that something will work, that the person is good or honest, that this situation will be for the best, that this job/car/person/product/idea/food is the right choice.
In ‘reverse’ our gut is telling us to back away. We feel unsure or uncomfortable. The warning bells go off. If it’s a mild response, this is where our brain often kicks in and invalidates our emotion (that can happen in ‘forward’ situations too!) by persuading our logical mind with rational thoughts and justifications. In a strong response we may feel anxious or ill, we want to move back from this job/person/situation, we want to get to safety or a neutral space. We can’t say why but we KNOW this won’t work well, this person can’t be trusted, something is wrong, it’s going to end badly…
This basic instinct is like a muscle – the more we use it, the stronger it becomes. If we learn to trust it with the smaller things, eventually we’ll be able to hear and honour it with the bigger things. This can be especially hard for people who are governed by their mind, which is why I recommend starting with small things that have no big ramifications in your life.
Driving to work you suddenly feel like taking an alternative route. You ignore that instinct and a minute past the turn-off you get stuck in a gridlock that makes you late. If you’d gone the other way you would have missed the traffic snarl.
In the supermarket you are drawn to a special: roasted chicken and a vast tub of coleslaw. You really want to buy it, but that’s crazy. There’s only you and that’s so much food. You don’t buy it, and when you get home your sister and her family have arrived and that chicken and coleslaw would have been perfect…
You meet a guy, and your immediate reaction is one of dislike and distrust. Everyone tells you how great he is, so you brush that initial feeling away. Down the track your instinct is proved right when he turns out to be not-so-nice or trustworthy after all. You kick yourself because you KNEW it all along!
If you’re a Star Wars fan you’ll know that Master Yoda, the great Jedi has much to say about the Force. Here’s some of what he told Luke Skywalker…
“My ally is the Force. And a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us… and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this… [nudging Luke’s arm] crude matter! You must feel the Force around you. Here, between you, me, the tree, the rock… everywhere! Even between the land and the ship.”
If Luke learns to master the Force, as other Jedi have done, the Force can provide access to even higher levels of awareness and intuition. Yoda explains, “Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future…the past…old friends long gone.”
Animals don’t question that Force. And because of that they are guided in incredible ways. They trust their instincts. This youtube clip illustrates that energy and trust. It’s magical…
Postscript: I’m a channel, and often that connection informs my writing. It means I sometimes write about things I don’t consciously understand or remember, which I then go and google (welcome to my life!) to find out their meaning. That’s how I found out about the eight cells.
“The Universe sets out little signposts for us along the way, to confirm that we’re on the right path.”
This week’s energies are supportive of connection, communication, signs, breakthroughs and synchronicities (you can read more about that here).
Shuffle your oracle or tarot cards, offer up a small prayer that whatever you do be for your Highest Good, and then shuffle the deck again. As you’re shuffling, ask your question . Say it out loud or hold it as a thought in your head. Either will work.
Choose one card. How you choose is up to you. Split the deck. Fan them out. Top or bottom. Dive right in. There is no right or wrong. Then really look at the card. Don’t use the book or the ‘proper’ meaning. We are being intuitive here, people! What stands out for you in the picture? What thoughts and ideas do the images provoke? What is the answer that comes to you? Trust that. Don’t ask again.
Ask for your Guide to appear as an animal or some other living thing, some sort of motif that you will associate with them and with their presence.
Ask to see a specific image or thing, as acknowledgement of a question, or in answer to it. Perhaps you are driving and you ask to see a red Kombi van if the answer is yes. Or you ask to see a particular type of bird or something else you’ll recognise as that sign…
Ask, and then expect an answer. Perhaps the answer will be a message on a billboard, a line from a book, a voice on the radio, the words in a song. The message will stand out for you somehow, and have a special meaning just for you.
Angels are often associated with white feathers. Guides are often associated with other coloured or patterned feathers. I have found feathers during some of the most difficult times in my life, and have felt reassured by them showing up for me.
When I sense my Great Aunt’s presence I smell roses. When my Grandmother is near, I smell or even see gardenias. A friend smells tobacco smoke when her father is with her. Sometimes loved ones will create a breeze where there was none, stop or start a clock, or move something. Whatever they do will make sense to you, based on your relationship with them.
And sometimes it’s well-meaning friends who help us know what’s in store for us on the road in life…
When the road ahead is uncertain, when you need to know you’re supported, when you are looking for answers – it’s okay to ask for a sign. But do it once, and trust what you get!
“I suspect everybody has a degree of psychic ability, just as a everybody has a degree of athletic or artistic ability. Some people have special gifts; other people have a particular interest that leads them to develop their abilities. But the phenomenon itself is ordinary and widespread.”
There’s a difference between ‘spiritual awareness’ and full on ‘psychic awakening’. Spiritual awareness happens when we begin to understand that there is more to the Universe than meets the eye. This may be commonly expressed by such things as asking the Angels to find you an excellent parking spot right out the front of a crowded supermarket. Psychic awakening is a crazy ride, where your psychic and intuitive awareness becomes hyper-stimulated and hyper-alert, and where you cannot control how or when that happens.
Spiritual awareness leads to an opening of our hearts and to a period of personal and spiritual growth.
It can be unbearably uncomfortable and scary. But it does get easier. Here are ten signs that what you’re experiencing is an awakening of your psychic abilities:
1. Crowds become overwhelming, distressing and make you feel psychically battered and energetically drained.
2. Your dreams become increasing vivid and seem to contain messages, information and symbols that go beyond what your normal subconscious would put on the nightly view-screen of the inside of your eyelids. You remember these dreams, and keep thinking about them during the day, trying to work out what they mean.
3. You become confused at what people tell you, when part of you knows that the words they are saying don’t match their emotions, inner thoughts or energy. You can’t put it into words, but you feel that conflict and find it disturbing. You have no way to prove what you feel.
4. You get feelings of heat in your palms and fingers, your feet, around your heart, on your forehead around your third eye chakra, or in the top of your head. You may also get a sensation of moving energy or tingling.
5. Your sleep becomes disturbed. You wake up at 2am, wide awake and waiting for something. But what? Weirdly, by about 4am you can get back to sleep again, and you don’t become tired from this crazy routine.
6. You become suddenly attracted to crystals, healing arts and metaphysical tools. You may feel energy in stones, places or people, or access impressions or information if you touch a person or an object.
7. You get a fullness or a choking sensation in your throat (or throat chakra) like something is stuck there, or you want to speak, but there isn’t anything you can think of to say.
8. Electro-magnetic energy, wi-fi and electrical fields make you feel fuzzy, off-balance or exhausted. You feel immediately better in nature, or out of cities.
9. Your sense of deja vu increases, and you experience moments of having been somewhere before, reliving a conversation or performing an activity again, even if it really is the first time you have experienced this thing.
10. You know things about people or situations that prove to be correct, even though there is no way you could have consciously known about those things.
If this sounds like you, please don’t feel that there is something wrong with you, or that you are going crazy. Intuitive ability and psychic awakening is a normal part of our soul’s development. Modern western culture may no longer recognise the path you are taking, but it is very real, and you are not alone in this journey.
Trust that your time is now, and that you are very much needed in the world. Know that there is a place for you here in my tribe, and that I value you and all you are experiencing.
Posted in Lightworker, Living as a Psychic, Psychic Development, Spirituality	| Tagged am I psychic, being psychic, Nicole Cody, Nicole Cody courses, Nicole Cody retreat, psychic, psychic awakening, psychic development, psychic growth, spiritual awareness	| 23 Replies
We are spiritual beings in physical bodies. This guided meditation will help you to be aware of both your physical heart and your energetic centre. It will orient your awareness to the wisdom of your heart, and help you open to the answers and guidance within you.
You’ll need to set aside about twenty minutes for this meditation. Sit or lie somewhere quietly, using pillows or blankets if needed to make yourself comfortable. Then simply close your eyes and follow the sound of my voice. It’s fine to let yourself fall asleep during the meditation, or immediately afterwards.
You may also want to keep a journal handy, to write down any insights or answers that arise from this meditation.
This recording was made at dusk, at my farm. I’m sitting on the hill behind my house, on a balmy clear night, and you may be able to hear the cicadas, birds, crickets and rustling leaves in the background. Let them add their healing vibration to this meditation for you too. 🙂
If you’d like to do more heart work, this post will be useful. Click on the link below. It has some journal activities and another short guided meditation:
I’ve had lots of comments and queries from the mention in my recent post You see dem owls? of smelling odours such as cigarette smoke or flowers when there was no obvious source for that smell.
It’s a big part of spiritual or psychic awakening – this sudden awareness of smells. Common fragrances include:
We might also be connecting into people who’ve passed that have a strong emotional attachment to a place but not to us. For example, it is quite common to smell cigarette smoke at our home in Brisbane, even though none of us smokes. The original resident, whose husband built the house in 1937, was a heavy smoker, and was very happy at this home, according to all accounts. Since she passed away we have felt her energy and smelled tobacco quite strongly from time to time.
Whenever I smell roses I feel the presence of my Great-Aunt Gwen, who brings comfort to the women of our family.
Gardenias remind me that my grandmother is near. The smell of diesel has often had me look over my shoulder for my grandfather.
There are other things too, that you may have experienced. Perhaps you have felt a breeze or seen the curtains stir, even though the air is still or the house all locked up. A clock might chime, or stop. An object might move from place to place, although no-one has touched it. Or you may have captured orbs in some of your photographs.
These are never things to be afraid of – instead they are signs that should encourage and cheer you. Life is truly a magical, mystical journey, and we will never have all of the answers. But after everything I have seen and experienced, I KNOW there is more to this life than just what we can see and touch. Trust these experiences, trust your intuition and know that we are well loved, and never, ever alone.
Posted in Lightworker, Living as a Psychic, Psychic Development, Uncategorized	| Tagged becoming psychic, clairvoyance, ghosts, Guides, psychic development, psychic phenomena, spirits, spiritual awakening	| 10 Replies
I love working with crystals, and my gorgeous fairy companion Sokli is completely nuts for them. Because we’ve had such positive and strong reactions whenever we have blogged about being sensitive, we thought we might give you some suggestions for crystals to help you on your journey as sensitive souls. These are stones I use often, and we hope you find them helpful too.
If you haven’t worked with crystals before and would like some ideas about how to do that, you can visit these posts for more information:
But if all you do is wear a crystal or stick one in your pocket that’s enough too. Enjoy some crystal magic, and embrace your beautiful sensitive nature!
PS – If you would like us (me and Sokli) to channel and make you a healing necklace using a combination of stones chosen especially for you, please let me know, via a comment below or send me a message through facebook. – Update: It’s fine to leave your name below, even though the list is getting a little longer. This is a beautiful task for me to do while I am recuperating, and it gives me so much pleasure. It may just take us a little longer to complete them all. Oh, and you can find me on facebook at Nicole Cody
Mookaite – Australian Jasper Mookaite is a gently shielding stone that helps us to think clearly and to break patterns of self criticism and negative thinking. It aids us in looking for positive solutions to life’s dilemmas, and to embrace change. On a physical level it helps us to strengthen our immune and endocrine systems, and is especially useful for providing grounded, stable energy. Very nurturing and soothing for when you’re feeling depleted physically, emotionally, spiritually or all three!
Black Tourmaline – This is my emergency go-to stone whenever I am scattered, ungrounded, shifting big ‘stuff’, or have had a big physical or psychic shock. I absolutely love Black Tourmaline, especially the rough form. It is so powerful but it feels gentle for sensitive souls like us. Keeps you in your body, clears your head, rebalances your brain and helps the body eliminate physical and energetic toxins and impurities. Cleanses the aura and opens and activates your Earth Star chakra which grounds you and anchors you into the Earth. Great to use four pieces in a grid, one at each corner of your bed, to promote sleep and to open you to heightened spiritual connection. Hold one in your hand and you’ll immediately feel the stabilising effects. An amazing stone.
Larimar – also know as the Blue Stone of Atlantis. Larimar is a gentle but strong stone for enhancing spiritual and psychic connection. It helps to reduce anxiety around who we are, and to bring a sense of peace and self-acceptance into our lives. Larimar facilitates self expression, creativity, healing and clear communication. It’s especially good for starseed souls and those who feel like they just don’t belong to humanity somehow. It also has strong connections into the oceans of the world, the Pleiadean star system, dolphins and whales, and aligns our energy fields with those of the earth.
Pearls – Sokli assures me that ‘Pearls count, Nicole!’ She also tells me that ‘Men can wear pearls too!’ They are often overlooked as a crystal, and technically they are not a rock, but pearls have such a beautiful energy for sensitive souls. They are a great tool for protecting from and relieving emotional and psychic shock. Pearls are nurturing for the emotions, they balance the heart chakra, reduce physical and all other forms of pain, and they gently help us to stay in our truth. They also work on digestive and hormonal issues, reducing inflammation and bringing balance. Pearls have been used to enhance fertility and to bring us back into natural sleep cycles.
Fire Agate – A delicious form of Carnelian, this stone is perfect for those who suffer from adrenal fatigue, mental or physical exhaustion, chronic fatigue, ill health and sensitivities to foods or chemicals. It bolsters our energy, detoxifies the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual bodies, and helps to boost and rebalance our hormones and digestion. It also dispels self-doubt and negativity, strengthening self-esteem, confidence and creativity. We love this crystal!
Posted in Crystals and stones, Energy Work, Fairies, Healing, Living as a Psychic, Metaphysical Stuff	| Tagged black tourmaline, Fairy, fairy wisdom, fire agate, healing, healing crystals, health, highly sensitive person, how to work with crystals, larimar, mookaite, nature, pearls, psychic development, self love, soul growth, spirituality	| 55 Replies
“There are certain children who are told they are too sensitive, and there are certain adults who believe sensitivity is a problem that can be fixed in the way that crooked teeth can be fixed and made straight. And when these two come together you get a fairytale, a kind of story with hopelessness in it.
I believe there is something in these old stories that does what singing does to words. They have transformational capabilities, in the way melody can transform mood.
They can’t transform your actual situation, but they can transform your experience of it. We don’t create a fantasy world to escape reality, we create it to be able to stay. I believe we have always done this, used images to stand and understand what otherwise would be intolerable.”
Sadly in our society sensitivity has come to be seen as a weakness by many. It can also be perceived as weird, precious or a questionable excuse to engage differently or less fully in life. Today I’m here to defend the right of sensitive people to be what they are – sensitive!
It’s considered that as much as 20 percent of the population have a high degree of sensitivity. Are you among this group? Dr Elaine Aron, the acclaimed author of the book The Highly Sensitive Person has a self test you can do here.
You can also read through my own check list here: Living as a Sensitive Soul. This list is more slanted towards those who are also aware of their own psychic sensitivity.
I consider myself to be highly sensitive, and I’m guessing that if you’re a regular reader of my blog you may be too! By sharing my story, perhaps you’ll begin to feel more comfortable about your own.
It’s no secret now that I’m psychic, but I kept a lid on this part of my life for a very long time. It was a part of my life I felt the need to hide or downplay. I was embarrassed and at times even ashamed of that aspect of myself. I’ve had psychic ability since childhood, although as a child my gifts were much less developed. I was simply known as ‘sensitive’, and yes, it was something for which I was often criticised or punished. It made me feel different to everyone else, and it socially and emotionally isolated me throughout most of my childhood and young adult life, although I did my best to fit in.
I felt everything deeply – I was profoundly affected by the thoughts, emotions and actions of others, and by the world around me. Even as a very small child I had a strong awareness of emotion embedded in people and places, and often struggled with the differences between how people acted and how I seemed to ‘know’ that they felt inside. I had a gift for observation, and I hung back a lot. I was quite shy until I was sure of my surroundings, although I could also be extroverted at times. And I had intense passion for the things that held my interest.
I wasn’t only sensitive to feelings and emotions. I was also at times a ‘picky’ eater; I didn’t often enjoy crowds or loud noises, although at times I could find them stimulating and exciting; rough rides like the Dodgem Cars at the local show upset me; and I was bothered by things like scratchy jumpers. I was frequently told to ‘grow up’, to ‘get over it’, to ‘toughen up’ or to ‘stop being a drama queen’. In fact I didn’t make a fuss about any of these things – being the centre of attention, or drawing focus to my differences, was the last thing I wanted!
What I really craved as a child was acceptance, understanding, emotional connection and support, and to know that I was loved and safe. And who doesn’t need that? Now it is part of my life work to make sure that people like you and I are supported, connected, inspired and included. I need you to know that you are NORMAL, and that your sensitivity is a gift rather than a flaw.
As an adult my sensitivity has become more refined and mostly more manageable. My psychic ability has also become more overt. I have finally embraced who I am, and my life is all the richer for it. I get energetically overwhelmed less often, although there are some physical places (like Port Arthur in Tasmania, which has seen generations of violent atrocities and cruelty) where I find that I simply cannot stay for any length of time. I can tolerate crowds, mostly. I have learned not to take on the energies of others. And I honour my sensitivity – no horror movies for me!
I have found that sensitivity and increased psychic or metaphysical ability go hand in hand. When you are highly sensitive in one aspect of your life, you are generally sensitive in all other areas of your life (yes, this can include food and chemical sensitivity too!). Not all sensitive people are shy and retiring folk – being sensitive just means you FEEL and notice things more. And sometimes you may need to balance periods of being extroverted or social with times of being quiet and withdrawn.
So here is my Ten Point Survival Plan for Sensitive Souls. If you feel that YOU are a sensitive soul too I know that these things will help you. If you are the parent of a Sensitive Child I encourage you to support your child and to help them accept their sensitivity as normal.
Eat well. Favour organic foods, with an emphasis on fresh, local produce, plenty of leafy green vegetables and root vegetables, neutral grains such as rice, pulses and yoghurt. Avoid processed food and sugar. Some people may need to avoid meat. Others may need meat to ground them. Listen to your body. If you’re especially sensitive limit wheat as well. Avoid alcohol, drugs and stimulants.
Rest. It’s one of the best gifts we can give ourselves. Avoid crowded places such as shopping centres and football games when you are feeling particularly sensitive or energetically vulnerable. Avoid difficult relationships and people who drain, upset or unbalance you. Limit contact with the crazy-makers in your life.
Spend time in nature. A walk in the park, a swim, a bike ride, sitting under a tree, playing outside with your dog, sunshine, dancing in the rain…
Avoid chemicals in your cleaning and personal care products as well as in your diet. Avoid places that have a strong artificial or chemical energy.
Embrace gentle exercise, especially those modalities that support body, mind and spirit such as yoga, tai chi and qi gung.
Meditate and Journal. There are so many ways to do this – choose what works for you. Explore your sensitivity!
Find a hobby. Spend creative time on your own, exploring the things that interest you. Most sensitive souls are also highly creative.
Accept Yourself and seek out like-minded people. Give yourself permission to live authentically and simply be yourself. We all benefit being kind to ourselves and from having friends who understand us.
You are beautiful just as you are! Every person has something to offer the world, just by being true to who they are, and working with their natural abilities. Much love to you, Nicole xx
Posted in Lightworker, Living as a Psychic, Metaphysical Stuff, Soul Growth	| Tagged becoming psychic, gut feelings, highly sensitive people, highly sensitive person, HSP, integrity, intuition, psychic awakening, psychic development, psychic sensitivity, sensitive soul, sensitivity	| 44 Replies


The biology of Megophrys edwardinae is mostly unknown. Records about this species are scarce. This frog is brown above with dark markings. The hind limbs have dark cross-bands. It lives on and among the leaf litter layer of the forest floor and is difficult to spot due to its camouflage coloration. It bears skin extensions ("horns") above the eyes and the body has many rounded and pointed tubercles, as well as ridges, giving the species a rough and spiny appearance. There is no pronounced nasal skin projection. The iris is dark brown.
The species is encountered in lowland forests of hilly relief in the vicinity of small, clear, rocky streams. Details about reproduction are unknown.
So I've been wondering everytime I hear about blogging, what happened to the Egyptian blogosphere, how far its gone, and how much it has matured. Its been almost three years since I've been actively blogging, not even reading any of the blogs anymore. I would think that things have changed dramatically during all that time. Can I affirmatively say yes? I'm guessing no. I'm guessing the number of bloggers have probably grown substantially, the word "blogger" has become a well-defined word, active political blogs are on the regime's radar screen in case they need to shut its author up, but that's about it.
Other than growth in number and local recognition of the phenomenan, how has it grown I wonder? Actively loud bloggers are probably more famous and well known in the media and the Internet community, as well as the state security ofcourse. Some bloggers are arrested from time to time, but is that because of a real threat that bloggers present to the regime or because our regime is paranoid and is just utterly stupid and brutal considering what they did with Esraa the Facebook girl!
Three years ago, when I was still blogging the main question I was being asked by all the annoying journalists, was how do I think blogging will progress democracy. My answers were usually that I don't think it will, though blogging has many other valuable benefits. There more to blogging than just politics for sure, which is what most foreign journalists are interested in us for.
I'd imagine there isn't any collective effort by bloggers for a general steady goal, there wasn't any hope of one back when I was blogging, and it just isn't in us. Our collective efforts are always momentary, for immediate goals.
Anyways, so three years later if I want to start blogging again or to find the interesting blogs to follow, I probably wouldn't be able to. Why? because there are so many blogs out there (not as many as there should be for sure), that people wouldn't find my blog and neither would I be able to find the interesting blog to follow, not to mention find the time to read all the crap that bloggers usually write.
One would've thought that during the 5-year period since blogging has been thriving, technology would follow suit and provide the necessary tools to satisfy the blogging community (globally and local to the Egyptian/Arab community), but alas.
How can I find what the Egyptian blogosphere is saying regarding a specific topic or a current event?! Even simple queries, I was simply trying to figure out how many Egyptian blogs there are out there. The EgyBloggers says there are around 1500 blogs, but this is last updated a year and a half ago, and this is assuming that all bloggers submit their blogs there and that they're all active. The Aggregator used to have a list of all the blog feeds it aggregates, but not anymore. The Aggregator seems to be an attempt to collect the Egyptian blogs in one place, but its not useful anymore with so many blogs out there. The blogs are hardly classified (only a very general tag cloud), not to mention that the interface is really ugly, and no one uses the readers' recommendation system which should bump up the most useful blog posts.
I also wonder, why am I writing this in English still?! I used to claim that I write in English because I am much slower in typing Arabic. But hey, I really like this Yamli tool, and I basically use it whenever I want to write anything in Arabic. This is an example of an advance in technology that enables users like myself to write in Arabic and increase the amount of Arabic content on the Internet. I use it, and it made some aspects of my life easier, yet if I would blog I would still blog in English, hmmm. Its a step though. Other companies like Microsoft (with its R&D centers opening in Egypt two years ago) and Google (starting a new dev center in Jordan) are also starting to target the Arab region, with specific technologies in the pipelines for the use of the Arab community. Will they provide us with technologies and tools to empower us, to hook us to their software (like so many got hooked on blogger), where things can be easier, where we can be more vocal and more productive, would that enable us to solve our inherit problem of working together.

I have been using Ion Color Brilliance Liquid Permanent Hair Color for quiet a few years and I love it. I used to use over the counter boxed hair colors, but once I used...Read complete review
I have been using Ion Color Brilliance Liquid Permanent Hair Color for quiet a few years and I love it. I used to use over the counter boxed hair colors, but once I used this I would never go back. The results from Ion is amazing, it covers your gray, leaves your hair feeling so soft and healthy, you don't have to worry about it damaging or breaking your hair. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking to save money and get salon results at the same time
The results you get form Ion Color Brilliance Liquid Permanent Hair Color will really surprise you. I love that you can get the color you want with this product and that it is long lasting and fade resistant.
This is so simple to use, even my teen daughter can do it herself. This color does have to be mixed with a developer and you do have to purchase it separately. The instructions are simple and only takes a few minutes to mix it with the color then all you have to do is apply it to hair set your timer and rinse out and style.
I was very disappointed with this product. I loved the color that it turned out when I first used it, but a few days later, it started to wash out already and looked...Read complete review
I was very disappointed with this product. I loved the color that it turned out when I first used it, but a few days later, it started to wash out already and looked splotched and bad. I followed all of the directions within this, so there was nothing that I did wrong. I just saw that patches of my hair started to look purple or light brown, and the rest was red. It was extremely strange and I wasn't happy with how this turned out.
This product is amazing the colors are vibrant and lasts for a very long time I definitely recommend everyone should try this
I love Ion Color Brilliance liquid permanent hair color! If you are looking for something with amazing pigment and shine I would defintely recomend this product.
I've used this product for years and always get great results! The only con I have is that it seems to fade quicker than I would like. Especially red shades, but in my experience that is pretty common for red shades. Overall, I like the product and have purchased many many times!
I love Ion Color Brilliance Hair Color. They even have new shades including some gorgeous reds and magentas. The color is easy to apply and gentle on hair and scalp. It does not stain the skin, but does cover grays and gives a brilliant color and shine to hair. It is not expensive at all and can be found at Sally's Beauty Supply. I have used Ion products for years and this is their best color forumulation yet
This brand is great. It is decently priced compared to most products. It is salon quality, a little goes a long way, it is vibrant, and i have seen many professionals use it. I use to use this on my own hair and the color lasted for quite awhile! I always see all of these reviews on almost any hair color stating "this color doesnt last long" or "color comes out quick". Well , let me tell you this: how long a color lasts depends on how you treat it!! Here are 3 easy steps to follow for longer lasting color.
1) Only wash your hair every other day. Washing it every day strips your hair of needed, natural oils (and your color!)
3) Lastly and most importantly, wash your hair with the coldest water you can stand! Cold water locks the color in better and prevents color bleeding.
Ion Color Brilliance Liquid Permanent Hair Color is one of the top hair colors out right now. Its gentle on your hair and it definitely gives you the color you're desiring. I used to only use boxed hair dye where it all came in 1 box and you just mixed it together. Those box dyes always damaged my hair and I never really got the color that was shown on the box. Once I was introduced to this Ion Hair Color I was hooked. You do have to buy your developer separately but the 2 together costs about the same as a box of hair dye. This is definitely the safest way to go and its more promising for anyone's hair.
7RR has been my color for the last several years… It is the closest to my natural red that I have found, and it is always bright and beautiful!
I have been dying my hair for over ten years now, and once I discovered Ion brand hair color, there has been no going back. I have experimented with the hair salon, paying way to much for similar results, to using the box dyes that you purchase at the grocery store, which usually don't last that long, and never look like the color on the box. My friend dyes her hair all of the time as well, and she was the first to recommend this product. I like to experiment with reds on my hair, and I have sampled four or five different reds from Ion, all with brilliant results. Regardless of whether or not you bleach your hair before you apply the color (I currently to not prebleach, but I used to), you will end up with a rich, vivid red that does not fade quickly. I typically can go two to three months without having to redye my hair. It also leaves your hair silky and smooth, unlike some products which are prone to damage your hair. And the price is amazing! You typically pay about $4-$5 per tube (sometimes even less if you shop during a sale), and one tube goes a long way. If your hair is short to medium length (about to the shoulder), you can expect to do the job with just one tube. If it is longer, I would go ahead and spring for a second tube, just in case. The nice thing about this, though, is, since the developer is not already mixed, you use only what you need, then you can save any extra for use the next time you color. All in all, an extraordinary value. I recommend it to anyone looking to change or enhance their color.
I really love Ion products! From their straighteners to their oils to to their hair dye! I used Ion in a bright red to achieve the look I wanted and it worked on the very first try! Of course you have to use a developer but I dye hair ALL the time and never seem a dye as effective as this! I also did a white blonde on a friend and it turned out gorgeous! I will always recommend this product. And it doesn't even smell bad!
Gluten Freewhy Is It Good For You A Look Into Its Dietfoods Its Benefits Kids Weight Loss And Why Its

You know what? Fuck an intro. Let me speed through some stuff that happened and then we’ll get into the two major things that went down this episode (one far more major than the other which is tragically hilarious when the other is, you know, the nuclear apocalypse).
We open with Murphy, still hating his life and communicating it with his usual amount of extreme sass (“considering you pray to garbage, no offense” will go down as one of my favorite of his lines). I am still deeply conflicted over how much Richard’s performance has influenced my feelings about Murphy the character. I don’t want to like Murphy but Richard Harmon makes it really hard not to. Murphy functioned as a pretty neat audience insert/guide this episode, putting together all of the pieces we’ve been handed over the course of the show and introducing a chilling depiction of how the world ended (which I’ll get to in a minute).
I was SO. GLAD. to see Octavia in Polis. Sure, the circumstances of her being there were less than ideal, but I’ve been growing steadily more and more bored of the Polis storyline (it’s been really hard to watch Clarke hide from herself, okay?). It was getting to the point where it all went in circles of Lexa calling for peace, the Grounders being like FUCK THAT and Clarke shouting ‘but my people, though’. Having Octavia around to shake things up (before, you know, the thing) was a nice change of pace. Also, apparently I have an Octavia calling Clarke out on her shit kink. Good to know.
Indra and Octavia’s relationship continues to be one of my favorite things. Octavia’s immediate concern for her mentor and their scenes together warmed my heart and massive amounts of kudos to Adina Porter’s performance this episode. We could feel the multiple levels of anguish Indra is experiencing, grief for her warriors, anguish over her honor, rage and helplessness at what she feels she’s been reduced to. Once again, Octavia is having none of it and in a speech that thematically echoed her ‘get knocked down get back up again’ speech to Lincoln, she reminds Indra that she’s still herself, still has a purpose and that there’s still work to be done. High five Octavia. Inspiring stuff. The Blakes would make some truly incredible motivational speakers. I’m largely ignoring the ‘I’ll fight my own brother if I have to’ line and what it foreshadows because it breaks my heart and I don’t want to think about it. On a parting note, the shot of Octavia and Indra strutting out of Polis was absolutely fantastic and one of my favorites.
So, ALIE is Skynet. This wasn’t all that much of a reveal because we knew ALIE played an integral role in ending the world. But oh my god, that opening flashback scene. The Polaris Commander’s abruptly cut off phone call with his daughter had me in tears and the rising tragedy strings score as Becca and her buddies watched the bombs light up the surface of the Earth was chilling on a level I did not anticipate. That was a beautifully executed and moving scene and I award the show the highest of fives for pulling it off like that.
That was kind of the dramatic high point of the flashbacks (I say that only because we knew the rest of the stations were going to blow Polaris out of the sky and the Becca as first Commander reveal had some of it’s thunder stolen by everything else happening). The rest of them depict Becca dealing with a not unreasonable amount of pushback from Polaris’ commander as he demanded she stop working on version 2 of the AI that had just, you know, destroyed the world.
Unfortunately for Polaris, as with everyone on this show, Becca believes what she’s doing is right and more important than the fate of the population of the thirteenth station (though, tbf, she told them to join but too little too late). She grabs her (still imperfect and I wonder if that detail will come back into play) tech and peaces out to save the human race moments before the rest of the newly formed Ark sends a missile towards Polaris. Cold, Becca. Cold. There’s a reason the phrase ‘the road to hell is paved with good intentions’ exists.
The conflict over Lexa’s commitment to blood must not have blood came to a head this episode, as the refugees of the cleared (fuck I hate that word fuck you Pike) village presented their case and plea for vengeance to their commander during the Ascension Day ceremony (the foreshadowing was strong this episode). The usual Polis argument went down with Titus urging Lexa to see reason and uphold tradition while glaring daggers as Clarke parroted her standard ‘I’ll do anything for my people’ stance (does anyone else feel like we’d already seen this scene?). Lexa threw together a hasty compromise, we’ll circle our armies around Arkadia to keep them in check while they figure their shit out and kill anyone who crosses the line we drew in the sand. Nobody is happy with this decision. Village dude expresses his distaste by rushing Lexa with a knife out and Titus takes him down with an unexpected level of ninjatude. I didn’t know you had it in you, Titus.
Titus had a big episode, bigger than I ever saw coming. He interrupts a touching scene between Clarke and Lexa where Lexa, with an endearing amount of hesitation and shyness, asks Clarke to stay in Polis. He urged Lexa to remember his teachings, that love is weakness and that to be the commander is to be forever alone (*mutters about shades of Buffy*) (also, I should’ve known the ‘love is weakness’ bullshit came from you Titus, you fuck). He also reminds Lexa of what happened to Costia, like she could ever forget, and Lexa shuts him down and tells him Clarke’s decision is on Clarke. Cue lingering shot of Titus looking displeased. Dun dun duuuuun. There’s that brick of foreshadowing again.
After receiving a harsh but fair ‘you have one hour to say goodbye and come back to Arkadia with me or you’re not the person I thought you were’ mandate from Octavia, Clarke goes to say goodbye to Lexa. I’ve said before that I’m not emotionally invested in the Clarke and Lexa relationship and that remains true, but I have functioning eyes and emotional parts and everything that followed was, no matter what else, incredibly moving. Lexa’s aborted I love you (you know that’s what she was saying) had me choked up, ditto Clarke’s soft ‘maybe someday you and I will owe nothing more to our people.’ The tragic reality of this ship has always been that with their world as it is, Clarke and Lexa would never be able to be together without their people and their responsibilities between them. Setting aside what followed, their goodbye sex scene(s) was a beautifully shot moment of peace and harmony between them that, I think if everyone’s honest with themselves, we knew was going to be a goodbye (though…well, okay, I’m getting ahead of myself).
Because this is The 100 and we have established time and time again that the show doesn’t give us nice things without immediately following them with epic tragedy, Clarke leaves to rejoin her people only to find Titus literally gunning for her (and, okay, so, where did he get a gun? The grounders ‘no guns’ thing doesn’t apply to him? Is it left over from Becca’s fall to earth? Has anyone been cleaning/maintaining it? I’m not super familiar with firearms but it seems like a 97 year old pistol not carefully treated would…okay I’m tangenting).
Before I get into what follows, let me just say that anyone who was genuinely shocked that Lexa’s death happened (happened, not how), hasn’t been paying attention and has been in denial about the realities of the television industry. I feel for the Lexa fandom, I really do, but Lexa dying has been foreshadowed for nearly as long as she’s been on the show (I may not be mathing right, when was the pauna ep?) and as soon as they announced Alycia Debnam-Carey was coming back even though she was a lead on Fear The Walking Dead, this outcome was pretty much a given. While it’s true that maaaaaaybe the scheduling could’ve worked out that she was able to appear on both shows, generally networks don’t like their leads having multi-episode arcs on other network’s shows for all sorts of reasons. Even if she hadn’t been killed, The 100 would’ve had to write her off in a way that would explain why she never came back for more than an occasional episode and if this were a different show, they might’ve done that. But this show rarely passes up an opportunity to go for the throat and I really do believe that it wasn’t an easy choice for them to make (Jason Rothenberg told Variety that if it weren’t for FTWD he would’ve brought her on as a regular but alas, the timing was what it was).
That said, I was genuinely shocked at the how of it all. When I predicted Lexa’s death, I always assumed it would be something epic and warrior-like or possibly a noble sacrifice, befitting the visionary Commander the show has built up. To have her catch a random stray bullet to the chest was…well it was anticlimactic as all hell and I still can’t believe it happened like that (also, SHADES OF BUFFY AND NOT THE GOOD ONES). I understand the narrative tragedy of having Titus, who genuinely loved and cared for Lexa, being the one to accidentally kill her in a misguided attempt to protect her but still, wow. I completely understand anyone who is completely enraged past the point of reason over how this all went down.
I also totally understand anyone raging about the timing of it all. Killing the major lesbian character right after she consummated her relationship with her lover? That hits a little too close to home for people paying attention to how lady-loving characters have been historically treated in entertainment. But, to play devil’s advocate for a minute (and let me preface all of this by saying I genuinely mean no offense, because I wasn’t super into this ship and fully expecting this to be Lexa’s ultimate fate, I can step back and see pros and cons to the situation), once you accept the harsh reality that Lexa had to be written off and that said writing would involve killing her, how would it have been better to have gone down? Would it have been better for Clarke and Lexa to not have had the beautiful moments they did before it all went to shit? Should the ship have not been built up so much if it was always destined for tragedy? Would it have been better to not depict this relationship at all and the f/f representation that came with it if there was such a low likelihood for a happily ever after? Should the writers have been more upfront about the realities of ADC’s situation to prepare the fandom? I honestly can’t answer these questions. I will say that I have a hefty amount of side eye for how heavily the relationship was used for marketing purposes considering the outcome.
Bitterly accepting that the circumstances are what they are, the scene that followed was every bit as epic and moving as I’d expected Lexa’s death to be. She was a powerful character who meant so, so much to so many people and her final scene every bit as raw and moving as it should’ve been. Her last moments were spent desperately trying to ensure Clarke’s survival and reaffirming her legacy and the ultimate point the show wants to drive home: love is not weakness, love is strength and that life is about more than just surviving. By the time Clarke finished brokenly reciting the Traveller’s Blessing, I was full on sobbing.
Honestly, after everything that happened, the grade A scifi shit that followed (the spirit of the commander is stored in a chip on the commander’s spine, which, CALLED IT. Not the spine chip part but that the reincarnation was a database of neural maps) was almost anticlimactic. This huge reveal was completely overshadowed by the emotional impact of what came before it and while I’m very interested in how it will play out and what’s coming next, I need everything else to settle before I wrap my head around what it all means.
Please check out Jo Grafein’s thoughts on Lexa. She has always been a champion of the character and the ship and her thoughts on this episode’s final scenes and the significance of Lexa are far more relevant than mine.
As always, Natalie Crown has excellent thoughts on the episode and you should read them because they are so much more well said than mine. Also, keep an eye on her tumblr, she has PROMISED (I’m taking it as a promise Natalie, no take backs, sorry for the pressure) that she will write an in depth analysis of Clarke’s mental state going forward, which, YES. Oh god, Clarke. Poor Clarke. On the one hand, I fully expect her to move forward with a newfound determination and commitment to ensuring that blood must not have blood is Lexa’s legacy, both for the sake of her people and to honor the woman she loved. On the other hand, oh god how much devastation can one girl take?
Distantly loling about Murphy lurking in the corner during that final scene like ‘uuuuuum should I be here for this? Should I go? What should I do with my face?’
So, can Clarke leave Polis now? I miss non-Polis doing stuff Clarke. Hopefully she can grab some shampoo on her way out.
I am so deeply terrified of Ontari becoming the next Commander (she’s going to guys, she is very obviously going to, those nightblood kiddies are toast).
I’m honestly shocked by how many of the twists and reveals I’ve called this season. I think that says more about the level to which Natalie and I have analyzed basically every frame of this show at this point than the twisty level of the twists, but what do I know.
WHO IS THE 8TH NIGHTBLOOD? Skikru suggested Luna which makes a hell of a lot of sense and seems like the kind of tie-in the show would totally go for.
It was super weird to not see half of the cast in this episode but I’m also really glad the show gave this storyline the focus it deserved. Shoving the Arkadia stuff in would’ve stolen focus and been a mistake, in my opinion.
Great review, as always. So, my thoughts… well… I’m aactually fully supportive of Lexa’s death being some tragic freaking accident. As ALL deaths have been on The 100 so far (even Finn’s… his decision to give himself up wasn’t noble, it was weak… he gave up). And the fact that they showed it in the same episode as the nuclear war, another tragic and unnecessary situation, underscores what for me is an important theme and message of the show.
There is no such thing as a noble death. Even though Lexa was awesome, she didn’t have a ‘get-out-of-jail-free’ card on that one. The concept of there being such a thing as a ‘hero-death’ is what convinces people, in the real world, to go die and kill for their country or to blow themselves and others up for their beliefs. But death isn’t noble. It’s always a horrible, tragic waste. This is an ultimately very pacifist and interesting theme that the show is exploring. Every single death or decision to kill so far has, for me, explored and played into this theme.
And I think this episode pretty well flawlessly underscored that theme. LGBT relationship representation criticisms aside (which are perfectly legitimate and I’m not trying to challenge those), I could not have imagined a better death for Lexa. It hurts so much BECAUSE it’s so pointless. If they had to kill her (and, let’s be honest, for the CoL/reincarnation it appears pretty well clear that they did) then this was the best way to do it.
Hey Danni! As per usual you make an excellent point. I agree that there’s something horribly appropriate in a way I can’t totally verbalize about Lexa’s death being a tragic accident (and with all the points you make here especially the part about it being an interesting theme for the show to explore), but I’m still conflicted. Idk, it felt underwhelming (and again, this may be rooted in lingering rage over the Buffy death this episode brought to mind)? It is entirely possible that I was just so unprepared for her to go down like that, that I’m in a state of shock.
Yeah, to me it was like…so humanity dies because of an accidental nuclear war? And Lexa dies because of an accidental stray bullet? Way to parallel the tragic waste of human life, show! And they tied it into a crucial story arc that’s been building since at least Unity Day. For me, this is one of the best episodes they’ve ever done.
I mean, initially, I was like ‘ugh, really… that’s how she dies?’ But then I started thinking about it in the context of the whole episode, and all the deaths that have happened so far, and the show’s M.O. of exploring how humanity can begin to forge a new future and I was like ‘Oh wow, that is ABSOLUTELY how she should have died!’
Agree, the more it sinks in, the more I can see it but I still think that the promotional aspects of this season could’ve been handled much, MUCH better.
Yes, it’s all caused a bit of a mess today, hasn’t it? At least us Bellarkers have got used to our ship being crashed and burned on a regular basis, we’re kind of prepared for it at this stage.
I can’t even watch the show right now – I keep up with all the happenings through your reviews because I KNOW something heartbreakingly terrible is coming (maybe this is an old theory but I full-on think something is going to happen to Lincoln and Bellamy will let it happen/be involved and that’s what turns Octavia against him and I’m already crying at the thought) and I can’t cope with watching that episode and then being an emotional wreck until things start to turn around so gonna be a total chicken and wait until you review an episode with some hope and then I’ll binge-watch. And still cry. And still be in the tunnel of pain. But I’ll know there’s a sliver of light ahead.
I toooooootally get that. Heartbreak is pretty much par for course around The 100 parts (AND OMG I AM SO SO SO TERRIFIED FOR NEXT WEEK). There’s no turning back for me, so I will definitely keep you posted 😀
I knew Lexa will die, I accepted it, but the timing and the way how it happened is horrible, bad pace and bad writing again. That is so painful. If she would have gotten the “die well” part, my pain would be lower.
Looking back to those have “hope” bullshit on JR’s twitter, we, Lexa fans were the chess figures in ratings rush. I like(d) the show, I watched for the story, but the ending of this great character so fucked up my mind, that I cannot even touch photoshop. (Thanks for lord, being an anti talent, that won’t be a big loss for the universe.)
This way of her death ruined all the funny candle jokes, all the tender moments, everything for me … The message what she brought and I saw my reflection, is broken.
Actually, I don’t feel the need to get more pain and even the sci-fi part was interesting, I’m not sure if I ever want to continue watching the show, but I definitely won’t wake up at 4 am to catch the next episode.
PS: I hate the game what JR plays, I hated that even before this episode or S3, but fuck I could slap that man now … I hate fanservice, but handling us like a trickable little baby is a shame …
I am so, so sorry. I completely understand where you’re coming from and if I were in your shoes, can’t say I wouldn’t do the same. I do still think the show has a lot of stuff going for it on the mythology/plot end of things but I totally get anyone who can’t bring themselves to feel the same level of anything for it right now.
It deeply sucks that the realities of the situation are what they are and it sucks exponentially harder that it was handled in promotion the way that it was. There’s a difference between not giving twists away and completely playing on a fandom’s enthusiasm to the point of giving them false hope and I think they unarguably veered into the later.
You know what is the most painful? Being a hardcore fan from S1, I was on the “train”, since episode 6, and I lost nearly 2 years of joy in 43 mins today.
I hope, that as the week goes ahead, I will calm down, and will be opened at least for theories. May I won’t refuse to follow the episodes, as the actors deserve my attention. Even with betrayal, this was a mindblowinf, fuckin good show.
I’ve been saying all along that The 100 is like Buffy, except it’s sci-fi and Giles is a lady and it hurts even more, and damn, what a way to be proven right. (Literally my first thought was “your shirt”!) I’ve mostly gotten past my feelings regarding That Death in Buffy – a combination of “well, I guess it did actually move the plot forward, so that’s something” and “I can headcanon this away” – but I still associate it with what happened later that episode (the thing Spike did that Marsters has since said he feels is totally out of character), so, yeah, not the fondest memories.
Before the sex happened, I wasn’t sure if Lexa would die this episode or not, but that was definitely about-to-die sex. Which bums me out, yeah, but I managed before the episode to come to a place of peace with knowing she would die, so I’m dealing more with the aftershocks of grief than anything else. (Then again, I’ve been severely traumatized twice by shows killing characters, so I have some pretty sophisticated walls up, especially for shows like The 100.)
Moving on to the episode itself, though, it was truly lovely. The stark contrast of the torch-lit cave paintings compared to the sci-fi slick look of the flashbacks was perfect, and Murphy’s expressions were perfect, and the holy-shit creepy factor of Titus removing Lexa’s “””spirit””” was perfect. There were some especially beautiful shots: Lexa meditating at the foot of that gorgeous bed, Octavia and Clarke briefly framed against that swathe of sky in Clarke’s bedroom, the zoom into the back of Becca’s neck all stitched-up and terrifying, everything with Richard Harmon’s face in it. The blocking of the scene where Titus shot Lexa was clean and straightforward, unlike some fight scenes in the show has been. And kudos to the woman who plays Becca/ALIE, because it took me about half the episode to realize she was both of them.
Narratively, I think the flashbacks were a surprisingly good choice, which I almost never do. They allowed us, first of all, to reassemble the vague, disjointed memories we had of the Ark mythos, which hasn’t really played much of a role since mid-season 1. They also gave us Becca as a foil for Clarke; both women who played an intimate role in a genocide, both trying to atone for it. (Or Clarke at least getting to a place where she’ll try to atone for it, hopefully.) I’ll be interested to see more of how Becca’s plan went, whether through more flashbacks or through the passing on of that freaky-ass beetle thing.
I wish Lexa’s death had given us a more substantial image of her take on TItus’s “love is weakness” spiel, because right now it almost seems like a theme the show if trying to drive home. (You discussed this a couple of weeks ago, I think.) While I can recognize that, by the end, Lexa herself did not believe love was weakness, her death also seemed to play into that theme in a way that I’m not quite satisfied with. I’m not quite able to articulate all my feelings about that yet, though.
I actually really liked the hard-hitting SF creepiness at the end there, the way it carried the tone of Lexa’s death through. Generally when someone on TV dies, we feel a horror, but it’s a distant, muffled kind of horror, especially if we’ve been bracing for it as with Lexa. The combination of freaky-ass beetle thing horror and body horror created by Titus *literally slicing open Lexa’s neck* helped intensify that, so we were in the right frame of mind for the last shot of Clarke’s grief.
I think ultimately how I feel about this episode is going to depend on how next week’s manages to mirror it. We’re going to be in a very different place post-3.08, and I’m hoping that place manages to combine net narrative progress with a super dark midpoint, because right now I’m only sure of one of those.
“but I’ve been growing steadily more and more bored of the Polis storyline (it’s been really hard to watch Clarke hide from herself, okay?)” omg this whole paragraph YES Polis needed Octavia to show up and break the cycle (also…other things….to break up the cycle) (which, you know, HAPPENED)
“Also, apparently I have an Octavia calling Clarke out on her shit kink. ” BEST KINK BEST THING BEST BEST
” the rising tragedy strings score’ jesus that scene OH GOD THE CALL and oh my god that shot with all the mushroom clouds. That was fucking chilling. So amazing. Goosebumps everywhere.
why am i suddenly so fond of Titus how did that happen also why don’t I possess an unexpected level of ninjatude SERIOUS QUESTIONS FOR A FRIDAY
“ditto Clarke’s soft ‘maybe someday you and I will owe nothing more to our people.’ ” this is the part of this that kills me most, that underscores just how doomed this little “flame in a storm” ship kind of was. Because that day is…well, that’s an impossible dream from the get go, basically. That someday is an impossibility in this world.
“Because this is The 100 and we have established time and time again that the show doesn’t give us nice things without immediately following them with epic tragedy” what truth
nodding very much along to your entire following three paragraphs or so, like literally the whole thing
“and the ultimate point the show wants to drive home: love is not weakness, love is strength and that life is about more than just surviving.” THISSSSSS
“Honestly, after everything that happened, the grade A scifi shit that followed ” i’m super into this grade A scifi shit ngl i thought that was fucking baller (though yeah, dampened by the timing) (but OMG WHEN THEY PULLED THAT WRIGGLIGN THING OUT OF HER NECK)
I don’t have a lot of time, but before I leave town, I have to say, I thought about this all night. Like literally, I barely slept. That’s what this show does to me. *sigh*
Like what would I have done? If I had known I have a certain amount of minutes to devote, and I know that I have this overarching story that I have to tell, how do I do it?
2) They killed her off in a pointless manner that was really random and didn’t really match the character that they’d been building up to.
So first #1 (of course this is only as I see it, and what I would have written if I’d been the writer):
It was practically impossible for Clarke and Lexa to have had that moment in the amount of episodes they had. There were only a few weeks(?) for them to really form feelings for each other, and any sooner would have been ridiculous. Also, Clarke has been pushing those feelings down hardcore, so if the death hadn’t happened, Clarke would have left the city and they would have gotten together at some point down the road. (honestly, if they had gotten her as a regular this would have been the very best option and it would have really given this relationship the time and space it deserved) but they didn’t have that. And I think they really wanted to give the fans something. And yeah, it’s gilding the bitter pill, but I think of that loving moment as a gift to all the fans who loved Clexa so much.
Anyway, that was kind of a rabbit trail, but all this to say, Clarke never would have done anything with her if she didn’t feel the tension of that leaving moment. You know? So it kind of had to all be in that episode.
2) As for the death itself, there were some limiting factors for that scene, obviously. Titus had to be there, because we needed to see his interaction with Lexa. Clarke had to be there, so she could see him doing that stuff. And Murphy had to be there, because he’s the only one who could connect all the dots. So those three people had to be in the room when the death happened, so logically it makes sense. NOW. That being said, there are a TON of tweaks that could have happened so that Lexa’s death was less pointless and more purposeful. For instance, what if she’d heard the shots, come running, and thrown herself at Titus and gotten shot that way? Or thrown herself in front of Clarke? Both of those easy tweaks (though cliche, let’s be real) would have gone a lot farther toward giving Clexa’s fans a meaningful death at least. They wouldn’t have messed up the tight timeline at all, and all the people that needed to see how the Commander’s lives get passed from one to the next.
That’s my take. I cried buckets during her death and I might have to write a Clexa Fic to give those ladies the love story they deserved. Everything but the actual shooting was handled so well, so poignantly. I loved it.
I’m so chilled by the scifi part. I thought it was going to be lame and corny, but I was absolutely wrong and I fully admit it. amazing. I can’t wait to see what the next episodes bring us.
Stunning review, Meg, as always. <3 You are the bestest. Love this so much 😀 This time I won't write so much as I did yesterday, lol. Just a little bit 🙂 First, I loved this episode so, so, so much. Sigh. I'm glad that what I wanted to happen, happened, lol. But I'm also a bit sad, because there was no Bellamy in this one. Hmph.
Yesss, I pretty much love Murphy, lol. I have started to like him so, so much 🙂 He's pretty awesome lately. And yesss for Octavia. She's awesome in this episode 🙂 I love her relationship with Indra. So good. Sigh. These characters are the best 🙂
I liked the past parts. But I don't really get why they bombed that station.. especially once Becca left. Ugh. SO many dead people o.O So mean.
I'm not sure how I felt about Clarke and Lexa. Well, okay, I know how I felt. I didn't like their romance one bit. Shrugs. I just never liked Lexa. And I still don't forgive her for everything she did in season two. So yeah. I didn't get that romance at all. Sigh. And I don't like that they were together like that, before she died :\ I feel like Clarke is with so many people in this show. First there was Finn. And girl she slept with in beginning of this season. And now Lexa. And I feel like she has feelings for Bellamy too, and I just. It's a bit too much for me. Not a fan of so many romances :p
I actually liked the way Lexa ended up dying. Found it to be so interesting to watch, hih. And aw, Titus. Asshole. But I sort of like him, a little bit. But he's the worst. Huh. I thought he just got the gun from the Arkers? So many of them have died, lol, so I think it would have been easy to find one 🙂 I felt like he hadn't held a gun before, as he missed a lot, so I don't think he had had the gun for a while.
I must be honest, I just hated that Clarke and Lexa were a thing. I wouldn't have minded at all if Lexa had a relationship with another girl. I just did not like that it was Clarke. Shrugs. And so I did not like that they had sex before she died. I just. It wasn't for me 🙂 But I do see so so many people loving them together.
I'm so nervous about the next episode. MORE BELLAMY 😀 But the Octavia beating him up scene will probably happen soon.. ahhh. And did you see how Clarke and Murphy ended up being locked up in the room? I sort of feel like Titus will say they killed Lexa? I'm unsure. But it worries me 🙂 Anyway. This episode was awesome and I cannot wait for the next ones 🙂 Thank you for sharing your lovely thoughts, as always, sweetie. <3
The 8th Nightblood IMO is clearly Costia. Lexa and Costia fall in love while in training. When the Conclave happens, I’m assuming they fight to the death, Costia is spared by Lexa. Ice Nation sees this as weakness and kills Costia. That’s why she didn’t want to about it with Clarke.
Meant to say talk about it with Clarke. Anytime Costia is mentioned Lexa changes the subject like she does with Clarke in bed
Great analysis! This episode was so very well done. I loved that Murphy was present for everything lol. He literally came from being a hated character to one who is loved and who basically knows everything lol. The flashbacks didn’t feel forced, they felt right. And Becca’s character came across as both passionate and a little crazy for her AI work, brilliant. I love how Octavia is all kinds of righteous and badass, I love her relationship with Indra. It was great that Octavia called Clarke out and said what Clarke needed to hear.
And even as a Lexa fan and Clexa shipper, even though I reasoned with myself, tried to convince myself that Lexa would live, I knew she would die. But oh my hell they could have handled it better. Or hey maybe, they could have exiled her. They could have had Titus/grounders rebel and dethrone her. They could have pulled the AI from her body (or whatever) to choose another commander, and she could have escaped with Clarke to go into hiding/exile. In my mind that would have tied the story lines together, written off Alycia for FTWD with the chance to come back (occasionally or permanently), given Clarke and Lexa their closure, pushed Clarke to save her people, and it would have kept Lexa alive. But that is the hope of what my mind conjured up and this is reality. Even with her death and the tragedy that it was, it was amazing television. It made us all feel, and isn’t that the end goal of the writers? They did their job, they pulled us in and made us feel things right beside these characters. Terrible, horrible, feelings that left many of us broken hearted. But still strong, strong amazing stuff.
All in all, it was a FANTASTIC episode. Without a doubt these writers as a whole, this series as a whole, is so well done. Compelling characters and compelling stories. I will continue watching, but with a heaviness in my heart. Lexa’s death will be one that lingers with this series and its fans, long after its over I think.

Telestream Lightspeed Live Capture is a new multichannel video capture and processing product for live streaming. An integrated hardware and software appliance, it was designed as a means of setting up concurrent workflows between live broadcasts and companion OTT and VOD distributions, operating standalone or as part of a Vantage system. Its functions include capture of real-time SD, HD, UHD and 4K video, and encoding into most of the common mezzanine formats currently in use, simultaneously supplying a proxy for each channel being processed.
The integrated Lightspeed Live Capture hardware combines two CPUs, a GPU and an optional HEVC hardware encoder where faster encodes to H.265 are needed. The formats created are compatible with Vantage Open Workflows, in order to reduce workflow latency.
Version 7 of Telestream’s Vantage media processing platform, which runs applications for processing, captioning and subtitling, cloud support and social media workflows, contains new functions including the ability to start generating output before file input is completed. Combined with parallel processing, multiple Vantage Actions can run simultaneously in one workflow.
Timed Text Flip captioning and subtitling workflows now have expanded editing functionality and new character support, including Japanese Ruby Characters and formatting along with Lambda .CAP file format support.
A new connector to Telestream Cloud connects Vantage workflows and Telestream Cloud transcode factories. This adds scalable cloud transcoding capacity to Vantage enterprise systems. Vimeo support has also been added to the list of social end points in Vantage for Social Media.
Vantage version 7 makes Secured Version Control available to users wishing to only update specific Vantage components to take advantage of new functions, while isolating other workflows from any software change until requested. Users may be interested in upgrading specific components , but still need to preserve their organisation’s core operations and services. Because finalising a complex workflow is detailed and time consuming, Secured Version Control allows a workflow to be locked, so that software updates only affect selected Vantage components when convenient for the users.
Task scheduling has also been improved in Vantage 7. For example, task-based load-balancing makes sure that all Vantage servers remain fully occupied, both for efficiency and to prevent over-utilizing some servers and under-utilizing others.



Co-inoculation of maize with Herbaspirillum seropedicae and humic substances increases the sizes of plant-associated bacterial populations and enhances grain yields under laboratory and field conditions. Root exudation is a key mechanism in the regulation of plant-bacterial interactions in the rhizosphere; humic matter supplementation is known to change the exudation of H+ ions and organic acids from maize roots. Our starting premise was that H. seropedicae and humic acids would modify maize seedling exudation profiles. We postulated that a better understanding of these shifts in exudate profiles might be useful in improving the chemical environment to promote better performance of plant growth-promoting bacteria delivered as bioinoculants. Thus, root exudates of maize were collected and analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) and proton nuclear magnetic resonance (1H NMR).
Nitrogenous compounds, fatty acids, organic acids, steroids, and terpenoid derivatives were the main structural moieties found in root exudates. Significant changes in exudation patterns occurred 14 days after the initiation of experiments. Quantities of fatty acids, phenols, and organic acids exuded by seedlings treated with humic acids alone differed from the quantities exuded in other treatments. Seedlings treated with H. seropedicae or H. seropedicae in combination with humic acids exuded a diversity of nitrogenous compounds, most of which had heterocyclic structures. Twenty-one days after initiating the experiment, seedlings treated with H. seropedicae alone exuded elevated quantities of steroids and terpenoid derivatives related to precursors of gibberellic acids (kaurenoic acids).
Changes in root exudation profiles induced by our treatments became most marked 14 and 21 days after initiation of the experiment; on those days, we observed (i) increased fatty acid exudation from seedlings treated only with humic acids and (ii) increased exudations of nitrogenated compounds and terpenes from seedlings treated only with H. seropedicae. Improved knowledge on the effects of bacterial inoculants and supplementation with humates on plant exudate composition may contribute substantially to improved understanding of plant metabolic responses and lead to new approaches in the use of selected compounds as additives in bioinoculant formulations that will modulate the cross-talk between bacteria and plants, thereby improving crop yields.
Root exudates function in processes of plant adaptation. They have roles in nutrient cycling in the rhizosphere and in responses to pathogens and symbiotic microorganisms [1]. The quantities of organic compounds exuded by roots are variable, but they are frequently a significant proportion of the carbon fixed photosynthetically by plants [2]. Plant type, species, age, and environmental factors, including biotic and abiotic stressors, all affect exudation profiles [3],[4]. The plant rhizosphere modulates microbial community structure and function, primarily through the release of chemical compounds [5].
The dominant organic compounds exuded by roots reflect central components of cell metabolism, including free sugars (e.g., glucose, sucrose), amino acids (e.g., glycine, glutamate), and organic acids (e.g., citrate, malate, and oxalate) [2]. Maize exudates comprise sugars (70%), phenolics (18%), organic acids (7%), and amino acids (3%) [6]. Other compounds, like fatty acids, sterols, enzymes, vitamins, and plant growth regulators (e.g., auxins, gibberellins, and cytokinins), are generally released in only very small quantities [7]. Although only small quantities of secondary metabolites are exuded by roots, their plant role in signaling to the microbial community is substantial [8].
Recently, we determined that the combined inoculation of maize with the endophytic diazotrophic bacterium Herbaspirillum seropedicae and humic acids increased root colonization and promoted plant growth and grain yields [9]. Canellas and Olivares [10] reviewed the use of humic substances as plant growth promoters; they considered the effects of these substances on plant metabolism and their use as carriers in procedures for the bioinoculation of plant growth-promoting bacteria in field crop systems.
Canellas et al. [11] reported changes in maize exudation profiles after humic acid application that included enhanced secretion of inorganic ions (i.e., H+ ions) and short-chain organic acids [12]. The addition of humic acids of different size fractions may have substantial effects on the quantities of bioavailable carbon deposited by maize plant roots; these additions produce significant changes in the structure and activity of soil microbial communities [13]. Hence, chemical changes induced by humic matter augmentation in the rhizosphere may enhance colonization of maize plants by inoculated endophytic diazotrophic bacteria carried in the humic substances.
H . seropedicae is a plant growth-promoting diazotrophic β-proteobacterium found mainly in association with grasses and other non-leguminous plants [14]. Roesch et al. [15] used molecular tools to assess diazotrophic bacterial diversity within rhizosphere soils, roots, and stems of field-grown maize and observed a predominance of α-proteobacteria and β-proteobacteria sequences in the rhizosphere soil and stem samples; Herbaspirillum was one of the dominant genera in the interiors of maize plants but was rarer in soil. The members of this genus have been tested in the formulation of biofertilizers, with variable success in field crop trials ([16]-[19] and references therein [20]-[23]). The whole genome sequence of H. seropedicae has been published [24]. The species' capacity for N fixation, production of auxin and other phytohormones, and the colonization of diverse plant species has been previously demonstrated [25]-[27].
Root colonization is a basic first step for successful inoculation. An expansion of studies on metabolite exchange between plants and bacteria and the genetic responses of plants will fill knowledge gaps in our understanding of the colonization process. The role of root-exuded flavonoids in legume-Rhizobium interactions has been examined in detail. These exudations generate a finely tuned cross-molecular dialogue involving the secretion of lipochitooligosaccharides and the modulation of bacterial cell wall surface polysaccharides (extracellular polysaccharide (EPS) and lipopolysaccharide (LPS)) that result in plant root nodulation [28]. There is less information available on the role of plant metabolites in successful interactions with non-nodulating plant growth-promoting bacteria. Gough et al. [29] showed that flavonoids promote endophytic colonization of Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh. roots by H. seropedicae, and Tadra-Sfeir et al. [30] demonstrated that naringenin (a flavonoid in the flavonone class) is involved in the gene expression of cell wall components (EPS, LPS) and auxins. In addition to its role in the genetic modulation of cell wall assembly, H. seropedicae has an operon associated with the degradation of aromatic compounds [31]. An ability to degrade flavonoids would likely confer an important competitive advantage in rhizosphere/root colonization of the host plant by providing both a carbon source and associated detoxification mechanisms. Balsanelli et al. [32] showed that surface lipopolysaccharides produced by H. seropedicae strain Smr1 are required for attachment and endophytic colonization of maize plants. They [32] found that the H. seropedicae attachment process is partially mediated by a root lectin that specifically binds N-acetyl glucosamine residues.
Recently, Marks et al. [33] demonstrated the potential of using bacterial metabolites to enhance the performance of biofertilizers, thereby opening the possibility of chemical manipulation of carriers to benefit bacterial delivery to field crops. Furthermore, metabolites exuded by host plants may help in guiding genomic studies of plant-bacterial interactions. In the present work, we examined main changes in exudation profiles of maize seedling roots induced under laboratory conditions by (i) single applications of humic acids or (ii) H. seropedicae or (iii) combinations of the bacteria and humic acids.
Humic-like substances were extracted as described previously [11]. In brief, ten volumes of 0.5 mol L−1 M NaOH were mixed with one volume of earthworm compost under a N2 atmosphere. After 12 h, the suspension was centrifuged at 5,000 × g; humic acids (HA) were extracted thrice in this manner, and the final HA pellet was de-ashed by combining it with ten volumes of a diluted mixture of HF-HCl solution (5 mL L−1 HCl [12 M] + 5 mL L−1 HF [48%, v/v]). After centrifugation (5,000 × g) for 15 min, the sample was repeatedly washed with water until a negative test against AgNO3 was obtained. Subsequently, the sample was dialyzed against deionized water using a 1,000-Da cutoff membrane (Thomas Scientific, Swedesboro, NJ, USA). The dialyzate was lyophilized. We then prepared a HA solution by solubilizing HA powder in 1 mL of 0.1 M mol L−1 NaOH, followed by pH adjustment to 6.5 with 0.1 M HCl.
H. seropedicae strain HRC 54 was originally isolated from sugarcane roots [34]. It has been used as part of the sugarcane inoculant developed by Embrapa (Brazilian Enterprise for Agricultural Research). The pre-inoculum was obtained after growth in DYGS liquid medium [35] for 24 h at 30°C on an orbital shaker rotating at 150 rpm. Subsequently, 20 μL of the suspension was transferred to JNFb liquid medium supplemented with NH4Cl (1 g L−1) and then grown for 36 h at 34°C on an orbital shaker rotating at 150 rpm. Cells were pelleted by centrifugation (4,000×g for 15 min) and resuspended in sterilized water at cell densities of 108 colony-forming units (cfu) mL−1. The inoculant was prepared by diluting 200 mL of bacterial suspension in 800 mL of humic acid solution at pH 6.5 to produce a final humic acid concentration of 50 mg C L−1 and a final bacterial concentration of 2 × 107 cells mL−1.
The composition of JNFb medium (per liter) was as follows: malic acid (5.0 g), K2HPO4 (0.6 g), KH2PO4 (1.8 g), MgSO4·7H2O (0.2 g), NaCl (0.1 g), CaCl2 (0.02 g), 0.5% bromothymol blue in 0.2 N KOH (2 mL), vitamin solution (1 mL), micronutrient solution (2 mL), 1.64% Fe·EDTA solution (4 mL), and KOH (4.5 g). One-hundred milliliters of vitamin solution contained 10 mg of biotin and 20 mg of pyridoxol-HCl. The micronutrient solution contained (per liter) the following: CuSO4 (0.4 g), ZnSO4·7H2O (0.12 g), H3BO3 (1.4 g), Na2MoO4·2H2O (1.0 g), and MnSO4·H2O (1.5 g); pH was adjusted to 5.8. For bacterial counts, we used the same media with a semisolid consistency obtained by adding 1.9 g L−1 of agar [14]. The bacterial population was determined by the most probable number technique (MPN); positive growth was recognized by the formation of a thick, white pellicle, replication was threefold, and density was expressed as the log of cell number g−1 root fresh mass after growth on JNFb N-free semisolid medium (following Döbereiner et al. [35]). The presence of H. seropedicae was confirmed by collecting a piece of pellicle with a platinum loop, mounting it on a slide under a coverslip, and making observations under phase contrast microscopy to determine cell shape and movement and colony appearance in JNFb solid medium, as described by Döbereiner et al. [35]. When cell shape in the pellicle material differed from that of H. seropedicae, we identified the microbes as native bacteria associated with maize roots.
Maize seeds (Zea mays L. var. Dekalb 7815) were surface-sterilized by soaking in 0.5% NaClO for 30 min, followed by rinsing and then soaking in water for 6 h. Afterward, the seeds were sown on wet filter paper and germinated in the dark at 28°C. Four days after germination, 30 maize seedlings with root length approximately 0.5 cm were transferred into 2.2-L vessels previously filled with 2 L of one-fourth-strength Furlani nutrient solution (containing 3.527 μM Ca, 2.310 μM K, 855 μM Mg, 45 μM P, 587 μM S, 25 μM B, 77 Fe, 9.1 μM Mn, 0.63 μM Cu, 0.83 μM Mo, 2.29 μM Zn, 1.74 μM Na, and 75 μM EDTA) with inorganic N content adjusted to a low concentration (100 μmol L−1 [NO3− + NH4+]). These low levels of N and P were used to simulate the low availability in highly weathered tropical soils and to avoid the inhibition of the diazotrophic bacteria. The seedlings were fixed into a perforated Teflon support with holes of 15-mm diameter in which seeds have been fitted. The system was continuously aerated by a low flux pump normally used in aquarium systems. Four treatments (n = 3 pots per treatment) were prepared by supplementing the nutrient solution with the following: 1. HA (50 mg C L−1), 2. plant growth-promoting bacteria (PGPB) H. seropedicae strain HRC 54 (final bacterial suspension of 2 × 107 cells mL−1), 3. humic acids plus H. seropedicae (HA + PGPB), and 4. control (C), without any additions. Seedlings were collected 7, 14, and 21 days after inoculation. After 1 week, and each week thereafter, one half of the nutrient solution in each pot was replaced with fresh nutrient solution through the end of the experiment. The experiment was repeated thrice independently.
Maize seedlings were removed from the pots; their roots were immersed in glass tubes filled with 50 mL of 0.01 mol L−1 KOH for 5 min to remove organic anions adhering to the root surfaces. We then thoroughly washed the roots with tap water followed by a final rinse in distilled water. Complete root systems of seedlings from a single pot were inserted in a glass tube (6.5-cm inner diameter (i.d.) × 15-cm tall) filled with 80 mL of ultrapure water in which to collect the root exudates. After 2 h, we collected the suspensions containing root exudates and filtered them through 0.22-μm filter membranes to remove root detritus and microbial cells. The filtered samples were kept frozen until we concentrated them by liquid chromatography using 10 cm of reverse phase (RP) C18 LiChroprep® RP-18 (15 to 25 μm; Merck Millipore, Billerica, MA, USA) as the stationary phase in an open glass column (2.5-cm i.d. × 20-cm tall). The aqueous suspension of exudate was forced through the column under low pressure provided by an aquarium pump. Compounds were eluted from the column with methanol under gravity, and the solvent was removed under low temperature (4°C) under vacuum (Rocket Evaporator System, Genevac, Stone Ridge, NY, USA). We drove our exudate capture to exclude sugars and amino acids and collected mainly products of the secondary metabolism using the RP C18 column.
For nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) analysis, we dissolved exudate extracts in DMSO-d6 (700 μL). All spectra were recorded at room temperature on a Bruker Avance DRX 500 spectrometer equipped with a 5-mm inverse detection probe (Bruker GmbH, Rheinstetten, Germany) operating at 500.13 MHz for 1 h. For each sample, we recorded 360 scans (FIDs) with the following parameter settings: 64 k data points, pulse width 8.5 μs (90°), spectral width of 4,401 Hz, acquisition time of 7.4 s, and a relaxation delay of 1.0 s. For spectrum processing, we used 64 k points and applied an exponential multiplication associated with a line broadening of 0.3 Hz. Spectra were referenced to tetramethylsilane (TMS) at 0.0 ppm. To obtain exudate profiles for each of the treatments in the study, we pooled extracts from treatment replicates and dissolved the dried methanolic extracts in 700 μL of DMSO-d6. Dissolved extracts were transferred to a 5-mm NMR tube for analysis.
The proton nuclear magnetic resonance (1H NMR) spectra were reduced to ASCII files using OACD software; the resulting data matrix was imported into The Unscrambler 10.1 software (www.camo.com). Signals corresponding to the solvent, TMS, and noise from water suppression were removed from the data set prior to statistical analysis. Principal component analysis (PCA) was performed by auto scaling the variables using normalization and calculation of the first derivative as a transformation procedure.
After NMR analysis, we analyzed the exudates by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). GC separations were performed on a GCMS QP2010 Plus instrument (Shimadzu, Tokyo, Japan) equipped with an Rtx-5MS WCOT capillary column (30 m × 0.25 mm; film thickness, 0.25 μm) (Restek, Bellefonte, PA, USA). The exudates were derivatized by refluxing 0.30 mg of sample for 1 h at 70°C with an excess of MeOH and acetyl chloride, dried under a stream of N2, followed by silylation with 100 μL of N,N-bis[trimethylsilyl]trifluoroacetamide/1% trimethylchlorosilane (Superchrom, Milan, Italy) in closed vials at 60°C for 30 min. Chromatographic separation was achieved under the following temperature regimen: 60°C for 1 min (isothermal), rising by 7°C min−1 to 100°C, and then by 4°C min−1 to 320°C, followed by 10 min at 320°C (isothermal). Helium was the carrier gas supplied at 1.90 mL min−1, the injector temperature was 250°C, and the split injection mode had a split flow of 30 mL min−1. Mass spectra were obtained in EI mode (70 eV) scanning in the range of m/z 45 to 850 with a cycle time of 1 s. Compound identification was based on comparisons of mass spectra with the NIST library database (http://www.nist.gov/srd/nist1a.cfm), published spectra, and real standards. Due to the large variety of compounds with different chromatographic responses that we detected, external calibration curves for quantitative analysis were built by mixing methyl esters and/or methyl ethers of the following molecular standards: tridecanoic acid, octadecanol, 16-hydroxyhexadecanoic acid, docosandioic acid, β-sitosterol, and cinnamic acid. Increasing quantities of standard mixtures were loaded into a quartz boat and moistened with 0.5 mL of tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) solution (25% in methanol).
We examined the population dynamics of H. seropedicae strain HRC 54 associated with maize roots 7, 14, 21, and 30 days after inoculation (Figure 1). For all inoculation treatments (PGPB and HA + PGPB), the root-associated bacterial numbers were higher than those of uninoculated plants (controls). Cell shape and colony appearance confirmed the presence of Herbaspirillum in the pellicle harvested from the highest dilution, thereby indicating the effectiveness of inoculation.
Number of bacterial cells (log cells g −1 fresh tissue) on roots of maize seedlings during different growth times. Treatments: control plants, log 109 cells mL−1 of Herbaspirillum seropedicae strain HRC 54, humic acids isolated from vermicompost (50 mg L−1), and bacteria plus humic acids. The values represent the mean ± standard deviation.
Maize plants treated with only HA had higher bacterial numbers associated with roots than control plants. Even after seed surface disinfection, diazotrophic bacteria were recoverable from treated plants; these microbial populations were naturally occurring N fixers associated with maize seeds. They were clearly different from H. seropedicae (under phase contrast microscopy) in cell shape and colony form when grown in JNFb solid medium (data not shown).
We compared treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB, observing higher numbers of root-associated viable H. seropedicae cells in the latter. This result is qualitatively similar to those obtained previously [9], indicating that HA per se increase the numbers of H. seropedicae cells colonizing root tissues and help maintain large populations in inoculated plants over protracted time periods (Figure 1). We identified similar tendencies for natural diazotrophs, whose population sizes were enhanced by HA application (in comparison with populations in control plants).
The yields of exudates retained by the procedures used are depicted in Figure 2. Over the course of the experiment, the quantities of exudates collected across sampling occasions and treatments ranged broadly between 0.25 and 4.00 mg g−1 root dry weight, making it difficult to identify any treatment effects.
Nuclear magnetic resonance (1H NMR) coupled with multivariate analysis (PCA) enabled rapid discrimination among root exudate samples. The 1H NMR spectra of the exudate compounds eluted from the RP C18 column with methanol on days 7, 14, and 21 are depicted in Figures 3,4,5, respectively; the main 1H chemical shifts are detailed in Table 1. Visual inspection of the 1H NMR spectra revealed a predominance of signals in the carbohydrate region (2.5 to 4.5 ppm) followed in rank order by signals in the aliphatic/organic acid (0.0 to 3.0 ppm) and aromatic (5.0 to 8.0 ppm) regions. NMR spectra revealed different exudate profiles between treated and control plants. On day 7, the control spectrum contained several chemical shifts in the aliphatic region, with a small signal at 0.96 ppm and a short, intense signal at 1.24 ppm. The sugar region had a main signal at 3.71 ppm and other signals of low intensity at 3.41 and 3.93 ppm. In the aromatic region, it was possible to observe small signals in the 6.69 to 6.74 ppm region and at 7.0 ppm. The signals at 1.24 ppm may have been related to the presence of CH3 compounds of aliphatic acids and βCH3 in amino acids of maize extracts. The strong absorption at 3.71 ppm may be attributed to the presence of glycosylated compounds (β-Glc and α-Glc). The signals at 6.7 ppm are typical of hydroxybenzoic acids, such as cinnamic and protocatechuic acids. Tryptophan, histidine, and gallic acids have signals near 7.0 ppm. Treatment of maize seedlings with HA changed the region of aliphatic absorption, and additional signals were observed at 0.84, 0.88, and 1.10 ppm. These signals were also recorded for exudates from plants treated with H. seropedicae (treatment PGPB), which had an additional signal at 1.64 ppm that was absent in control exudates. Additional signals were present at 1.08, 1.20, and 2.0 ppm in exudates from treatment HA + PGPB. The exudate spectrum from seedlings treated with HA alone had an additional absorption at 3.93 ppm attributable to sucrose (3.48, 3.84, 3.90, 4.22, and 5.42 ppm) and/or lysine (since a typical signal was also observed at 1.64 ppm [δCH2]). Exudates from seedlings in treatment HA + PGPB had additional though very small signals in the aromatic region in the range 6.34 to 6.62 ppm and a very small signal at 8.52 ppm. Compounds similar to niacin have signals in this region.
The profiles of exudates collected on day 14 were very different from those collected on day 7. The intensity of the signal at 1.23 ppm was enhanced in all spectra, with the highest intensity in the exudates collected from seedlings in treatment PGPB. We observed very weak signals related to aromatic compounds in the control exudate spectrum on day 14, with just one visible signal at 5.70 ppm. In contrast, signals for this region were very strong in treatment HA + PGPB exudates. In treatment HA, there was a diversity of signal shoulders in regions 4.99 to 5.13, 5.65 to 5.71, and 6.69 to 6.80 ppm and individual signals at 6.99 and 7.18 ppm. Treatment PGPB exudates had clearer signals in this region than treatment HA; treatment PGPB had well-resolved signals at 5.64, 5.85, 6.07, 6.77, 6.93, and 7.20 ppm. This spectrum was marked by weak main signals at 3.54 and 3.72 ppm. There were additional signals in the aliphatic region at 1.48, 1.77, and 2.03, which were not present in the spectra from the controls and treatment HA. The characteristics of the exudate spectra were similar between treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB, i.e., a strong modification in the aromatic region including a sharp signal at 6.98 ppm. However, in treatment HA + PGPB, there were changes in the sugar region including an increased intensity in the signal at 3.72 ppm.
On day 21 after inoculation, seedlings were less dependent on seed reserves and the exudate profiles were modified by the treatments (Figure 2, Table 1). The spectra were more complex than those in earlier exudates; they were characterized by an abundance of signals. Control exudates had a wide range of small signals in the aliphatic region. In the control spectra from days 7 and 14, the main signal in this region was at 2.08 ppm. Additional signals occurred in the sugar region between 3.03 and 3.45 ppm, including a sharp signal at 3.18 ppm. The main absorption in this region occurred at 3.73 ppm, as in earlier exudates. Signals between 4.55 and 4.67 ppm were very minor or absent in exudates from days 7 and 14, but much higher and with greater definition by day 21, which was also the case for signals in the aromatic region (6.50 to 7.19 ppm). Additional small signals occurred at 9.69, 9.76, and 9.78 ppm. The exudate profile from treatment HA was generally quite similar to that of the control, but significant differences were apparent. For example, there was no sharp, high-intensity signal at 2.25 ppm in the control, but this was observable in treatment HA exudates, which also had a very intense signal at 5.57 ppm (this was the main signal in treatment HA + PGPB spectra but a very minor one in treatment PGPB and in the control). On day 21, the spectra of exudates were closely similar between treatment PGPB and the control.
Similarities and dissimilarities among treatments and experimental days were examined by PCA analysis (Figure 6). PC1 (89%) and PC2 (10%) accounted for 99% of the total variance in the 1H NMR data set. Symbols in the PCA plot are identified by treatment codes and days of exudate collection. Three groups of symbols are apparent in the Cartesian two-dimensional space of axes PC1 and PC2; these correspond to the three occasions of exudate collection. The day 7 group is located in the positive sector of the PC1 axis and in the negative sector of the PC2 axis. Positive values of PC1 and the loading coefficient responsible for this distinction are large for the carbohydrate 1H NMR region (3 to 4 ppm). HA + PGPB symbols for the day 14 fall in the negative sector of PC2, but other treatment symbols for this collection day fall in the positive sector of this axis. HA and PGPB symbols cluster together; the control treatment had high values of aliphatic moieties (0 to 2 ppm). On day 21, the HA + PGPB and HA treatments had very different exudate compositions with elevated aromatic and aliphatic contents, respectively. The control and PGPB treatment clustered together.
PCA scores and PCA loading plot. (A) PCA scores, indicating good separation in different groups according to treatments and days of treatments. (B) PCA loading plot. Position of the variables along the PCs indicates their importance for that PC.
Overall, the PCA analysis aided interpretation and comparisons in the data set. Thus, on day 7, exudate compositions were not significantly different among treatments, but significant differences were observed on days 14 and 21. This trend was corroborated by GC-MS analysis. The chromatograms are available in the supplementary data (Additional files 1, 2, and 3). Main exudates retained in the RP C18 column and identified by GC-MS are indicated in Table 2. On day 7, the chromatograms were closely similar; the main compounds were nitrogenous carbohydrate derivatives and fatty acids (as methyl esters). Nevertheless, there were some differences among treatments on day 7. For example, exudation of carbohydrate compounds by root seedlings in treatment HA + PGPB exceeds those in other treatments (Table 2). The chromatogram peaks of these carbohydrate compounds for treatments PGPB and HA were twice as high as that for the control; we identified galacto, gluco, and mannose pyranoside structures in these peaks. d-glucopyranoside moieties associated with aromatic rings were also found in control exudates, but 1,6-β-glucose was found only in exudates from plants in treatment HA. The quantities and diversities of nitrogenous compounds on day 7 were also greater in treatment HA and PGPB exudates than in the controls (Table 2). Benzilamines, polyamines, pyrrol derivatives, amino acid complexes, and nucleotide derivatives were included in this group of compounds. Benzilamines and polyamines were exuded only in treatments HA and HA + PGPB. Nitrogenous compounds from the phenylalanine pathway were present; these included pyrimidinedione, pyrrole-3-carboxylic acid and a derivative from p-coumaric hydrolysis with a retention time at 28.91 min (identified as caffeine). Structures derived from adenosine were found in all treatments, but those from purine were found only in treatment PGPB. Overall, treatment HA + PGPB induced the largest and most diverse exudation of nitrogenous compounds.
Compound exudates from maize seedlings at different growth stages (7, 14, and 21 days) induced or not (control) by humic acids (HA), Herbaspirillum seropedicae (H. seropedicae), and HA and H. seropedicae. nd, not detected.
Fatty acids comprised the second largest class of compounds exuded on day 7. Unlike nitrogenous compounds, treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB induced exudations of only small quantities of fatty acids (in comparison with treatment HA and the control). Chromatogram peak areas for fatty acids were elevated by 52% in treatment HA in comparison with the control on day 7. The main fatty acid in the HA exudate was hexadecanoic acid (palmitic acid). Stearic acid (octadecenoic) was exuded only by control plants, while tridecanoic acid and eicosanoic acid (also known as arachidic acid), which are minor constituents of corn oil, were found only in treatment HA exudates. Palmitic and stearic acids were found in treatment PGPB exudates. Although GC-MS is not particularly appropriate for short-chain organic acid identification, we did observe the presence of propenoic acid associated with long-chain carbon compounds in control and treatment HA exudates; we also detected succinic acid associated with aromatic moieties in treatment HA + PGPB. Benzenedicarboxylic acid was the main aromatic exudate. The steroid isosteviol was found in all exudates. Other steroids, such as cyclolanostane and androstane, were found in exudates produced in treatments HA, PGPB, and HA + PGPB.
The main classes of compounds were similar among days 7, 14, and 21 (Table 2), but the diversity of compounds diminished progressively as the seedlings grew. There were differences among the treatments: on day 14, nitrogenous compounds were still abundant in the HA, PGPB, and HA + PGPB treatment exudates; the concentrations were threefold to fourfold higher than those in the control. Nucleotide derivatives were observed on day 7, but not later. Products from phenylalanine and pyridines were exuded in treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB, while phenyl cyanate and pyrrol derivatives were found in treatment HA exudates. The compounds present in exudates from treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB were closely similar (Table 2), although benzene, 1-isocyanato-4-methoxy, was exuded only in treatment PGPB and carbonic acid, monoamine, N-(2,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-, and butyl ester only in treatment HA + PGPB. Exudations of carbohydrates were elevated in treatments HA and PGPB. These exudates contained compounds we had identified on day 7. However, quantities of carbohydrate derivatives were reduced in treatment HA + PGPB and absent in control seedling exudates.
Hexadecanoic and octadecanoic acids were the main fatty acids occurring as methyl esters in control exudates. These compounds also occurred in other treatments, but the diversity was greatest in PGPB and HA + PGPB treatments. However, on day 7, the quantities and diversity were highest in treatment HA. As on day 7, products of the isosteviol reaction occurred in all exudates; another steroid (androstane derivative) was also found in the exudates, though in only small quantities in the control.
Compounds identified on day 21 are shown in Table 2. Exudates collected on that day contained a smaller diversity of compounds than earlier collections. Hexanol was found in control exudates and ethanol phenoxy products in treatment PGPB, likely due to carbohydrate hydrolysis reactions. Nitrogenous compounds were the main exudate products retained by the RP C18 column; carbonic acid, monoamide, N-(2,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-, and butyl ester were found only in control exudates on day 21. 2,5-Dimethoxyphenyl isocyanate occurred in elevated quantities in exudates of treatments HA, PGPB, and HA + PGPB; a derivative from acetamide and dimethoxy amino toluene was also abundant. A nitrogenous compound identified as 4-(diethylamino)salicylaldehyde was found in treatment PGPB exudates on day 21, but not on days 7 and 14. Finally, products from acetamide were typical of exudates in treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB; they were found on day 21 at 29.34 and 32.13 min.
Our aim in the present work was to determine the effects of single and combined applications of humic acid and the endophytic diazotrophic bacterium H. seropedicae on exudation profiles of maize roots. This was a first step in identifying compounds that may be involved in rhizosphere interactions and modulation of root colonization and endophytic establishment of bacteria.
We demonstrated enhanced root colonization by H. seropedicae in the presence of humic acids (Figure 1). Previous work showed that the elevated bacterial population associated with maize roots may be explainable in part by humic acid sorption at the plant cell wall surface, which is associated with increased attachment and endophytic colonization by H. seropedicae [9],[10]. Moreover, the main infection sites for H. seropedicae in grasses are the points of lateral root emergence, which are induced by humic acid and may contribute to enhanced establishment of the endophytic population [11].
Canellas et al. [12] and Puglisi et al. [13] previously observed changes in exudation profiles of organic acids in maize seedlings treated with humic acid. However, identifying causal relationships in changed exudate profiles is complex, and results may not always be directly attributable to treatment effects on the quantities and the composition of root exudates. Juo and Storzky [36] observed decreases in protein and carbohydrate release with increasing plant age using an electrophoretic approach. They suggested that the RP C18 column used to retain the exudates may have limited their quantitative analysis. We noticed on day 21 (across all treatments) that exudate yields had declined (Figure 2) relative to earlier collections on days 7 and 14.
1H NMR spectroscopy (Figures 3,4,5) demonstrated differences in exudate profiles under the influence of the treatments, and PCA analysis revealed significant changes from day 14 onward (Figure 6). Roncatto-Maccari et al. [37] observed that 3 days after maize inoculation, the population of H. seropedicae mainly comprises single cells attached to the root surface. They (loc. cit.) found that after 12 days the cells were connected and forming aggregates; they detected (by scanning electron microscopy) a halo of mucilage surrounding the bacterial colony on the roots of inoculated maize. Although plant-bacterial signaling is considered a rapid phenomenon, changes in exudate NMR spectra in our experiment occurred only after extensive colonization on the root axis (i.e., on day 14).
One group of candidate biomolecules emerging from this prospective study comprised a number of compounds that have been identified as possible inducing agents of the quorum sensing (QS) system, which is a mechanism responsible for modulating population density, biofilm formation, and the specific genetic machinery for niche persistence and colonization at the root level. These compounds include oligopeptides and substituted gamma-butyrolactones, 3-hydroxypalmitic acid methyl ester, 3,4-dihydroxy-2-heptylquinoline, and a furanosyl borate diester ([5] and references therein). Interestingly, our analyses of the overall transcriptome profile of H. seropedicae strain Smr1 (as part of a broad examination of gene expression in planktonic and biofilm lifestyles) have shown that biofilm maturation is coupled with differentially regulated genes involved in aromatic metabolism and multidrug transport efflux activation (data not shown). These potential quorum sensing inducers may be key molecules in the well-known rhizosphere competence of H. seropedicae [14],[25]. Functional studies linking these compounds to chemotaxis and biofilm induction are urgently required.
Another interesting future study that may develop from our prospective explorations might be an evaluation of the ability of H. seropedicae to use secondary metabolites as carbon sources that are exclusively or primarily exuded from maize roots treated with this bacterium. The presence of a catabolic machinery for specific cleavage of these compounds (especially compounds with antimicrobial properties) would represent a nutritional advantage for the colonization of the host plant rhizosphere.
We identified hexadecanoic acid (palmitic acid) in exudates of all treatments on days 7 and 14, but by day 21, these compounds were detected only in treatment PGPB. Non-quinoline derivatives of other heterocyclic aromatic N compounds belonging to the pyrimidine class were collected exclusively in treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB (Table 2). The most remarkable difference in root exudates among treatments was in N compounds; these increased with time in all treatments other than the controls, in which quantities decreased. Some nitrogenous compounds, like benzenamine (C6H5CONH2), 2,4-dimethoxy, 3,4-dimethoxy-6-amino toluene, and 2,5-dimethoxyphenyl isocyanate, were found in the exudates; they are probably derivatives of aromatic/phenolic compounds that react with TMAH used in methoxylation since the phenolic compounds, which are the main secondary metabolites synthesized by maize, react promptly with NH2. Pyrimidinediones comprise a class of chemical compounds characterized by a pyrimidine ring substituted with two carbonyl groups. 2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione, 1,3,5-trimethyl is typical of uracil derivatives, i.e., nucleobases in the nucleic acid of RNA. Pyrrole carboxylic acid derivatives, which may originate from the l-tryptophan pathway, have been described as antibacterial agents. Finally, we found one polyamine derivative of spermine. Such derivatives have been implicated in a wide range of metabolic processes in plants, ranging from cell division and organogenesis to protection against stress; they act as plant and microbial growth stimulants and chemo-attractants [5].
Stearic and palmitic acids were the main fatty acids exuded by maize seedling roots. These fatty acids are predominant in most plants; they are synthesized by acetyl-CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthase. Quantities of these fatty acids exuded by the controls differed between days 14 and 21. Stearic and palmitic acids were exuded by maize seedlings treated with H. seropedicae with or without HA (Tables 2). Terpenoids derived from the kaurenoic acid pathway, including gibberellic acids, were found in all treatments. However, their diversity was highest in treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB. A significant increase in transcript levels of ent-kaurene oxidase genes that are involved in gibberellin synthesis occurs in maize seedlings treated with H. seropedicae [38]. The agreement between gene expression in the gibberellin biosynthesis pathway (Zmko1) and the exudation profile in the same biological model supports our suggestion that the gibberellin synthesis pathway in root tissues is modulated by H. seropedicae colonization.
Root colonization by H. seropedicae in graminaceous plants requires movement of the bacteria to the root surface followed in sequence by adsorption and attachment to the cell wall surface [25],[27]. Attached bacteria may persist at the root surface as aggregates or biofilms, and they occasionally trigger plant responses that induce lateral root sites, which serve as entryways for endophytic establishment in the plant host. Humic acids are heterogeneous, irregular, and amphiphilic structures with high charge densities and hydrophobic cores that facilitate adsorption phenomena and lateral root induction [39]. As H. seropedicae is a flagellated cell, there is a potential for induction of flagellar activity by plant-released compounds (chemotactic substances), as previously described for other bacteria [40].
From the inventory of exuded compounds, it may be possible to select candidate molecules as quorum sensing mediators of biofilm maturation, as substrates for catabolic mechanisms to supply energy, or as detoxifiers, thereby increasing the rhizosphere competence of Herbaspirillum. Furthermore, changes in rhizosphere hydrophobicity by fatty acid exudates may be an important mechanism for preserving cell viability. We detected relatively large amounts of gibberellic acid precursor in exudates isolated from maize seedlings treated with H. seropedicae; this bacterium induced changes in nitrogenous compounds as well.
The number of unidentified compounds was much higher in treatments PGPB and HA + PGPB than in the control. The limitations of a conventional GC-MS approach, such as low mass resolution and the need for previous volatilization of compounds, suggest that the instrument should be combined with other analytical tools, like liquid chromatography coupled to high mass definition spectroscopy. We found that root exudates from maize seedlings mostly comprised fatty acids and nitrogenated compounds. We observed changes in root exudate profiles in maize seedlings treated with HA and H. seropedicae. These changes were most pronounced on days 14 and 21, when there was enhanced fatty acid exudation in treatment HA and elevated nitrogenate and terpene exudation from treatment PGPB.
This is the first study to date that has evaluated the combined application of a plant growth-promoting bacteria and humic acid on maize root exudation profiles. This study was carried out on controlled conditions in a hydroponic culture. Overall, the chemical changes we observed in the rhizosphere may improve the survival, persistence, and biological activity of H. seropedicae in the presence of humic substances and provide a pool of candidate molecules for use as additives in inoculant technology formulation, which will contribute substantially to progress in arable agriculture. However, the findings of this hydroponic study need to be confirmed under real soil conditions.
LSL conducted the laboratory experiments and did the first inventory of exudates. FLO and LPC wrote and discussed the manuscript. RRO performed and interpreted the NMR data. MRGV reviewed the nomenclature of compounds and the biosynthesis route. NOA was responsible for the multivariate analysis. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.

Deploying application in a secure manner has become more critical today then ever before. Enterprises deploy several applications at very short notice. Business demands increased automation and more Internet enabled applications. Security is often considered after the application has been developed and is about to go live or in some cases even after the systems have gone live. This article takes a look at some of the critical factors that needs to be looked at for securing applications.
There are several security considerations that need to be met at different stages in the application life cycle.

You are here: Home / Crime & Courts / Suspect in Norfolk shooting captured after standoff in Stanton
Stanton County Sheriff Mike Unger says 34-year-old Carlos Arevelo-Martinez was arrested late Thursday afternoon after a standoff at a mobile home in Stanton.
Sheriff Unger says, “It’s one of those good feelings to get somebody like this off the road and we have nothing but our hope and prayers for the victim.”
Arevelo-Martinez was wanted in the shooting of 33-year-old Edna Gutierrez on Tuesday at a home in Norfolk.
Unger says Gutierrez is serious condition at an Omaha hospital while Arevelo-Martinez is now jailed.
“He was taken into custody found hiding underneath the trailer,” he says. “Initial searches of both that trailer and one next to it and one where we thought he might be resulted in us not locating him. We honestly believed he had slipped through our hands but a state patrol canine was able to ‘hit’ on his scent and was able to lead us to him.”
Unger says it’s believed Arevelo-Martinez went through the floor of the mobile home to get beneath it. He was transported to Norfolk’s hospital for treatment of tear gas ingestion, a bite from a State Patrol dog and possible hypothermia.
Sheriff Unger says a State Patrol SWAT team fired tear gas in the mobile home in Stanton to flush out Arevelo-Martinez, but he wasn’t there.
Unger says a woman and her brother who own the mobile home in question and one next door have been arrested as accessories in the case. Several schools in Stanton were in lock down until about 6 PM and numerous residents of the trailer park were evacuated as well.
On Ohio home-rule rights, here are the lawmakers who fell in line with the lobbyists on oil and gas drilling in 2004: Thomas Suddes | Ned Hamson's Second Line View of the News
On Ohio home-rule rights, here are the lawmakers who fell in line with the lobbyists on oil and gas drilling in 2004: Thomas Suddes
GOP again proves that your freedom is the last thing it really cares about. You don’t want someone fracking in your neighborhood? Don’t waste your breath at City Hall: No Ohio mayor can do much to help, thanks to a 2004 law that pre-empted local control of oil and gas drilling and to those who voted for it, writes Thomas Suddes.
Previous PostJapan activates first marines since WW2 to bolster defenses against ChinaNext PostIDF to Palestinian women: Don’t go to protests, your place is at home	
Beginning in Fall 2019, Northeastern Illinois University will offer a new Golden Opportunity Scholarship that will cover up to the full cost of tuition and fees for qualifying full-time freshmen. Read more about this exciting new program, new credentialing opportunities for Early Childhood Education majors, visiting speakers and much more in this week’s edition of Noteworthy at Northeastern.
Northeastern has founded the Golden Opportunity Scholarship that will cover up to the full cost of tuition and fees for qualifying freshmen beginning in Fall 2019. The scholarship has been founded with the assistance of the Illinois AIM HIGH grant program, which contributed $25 million to Illinois public universities. Of that total, $800,000 will go to Northeastern beginning in the 2019-2020 school year. The goal of the program is to increase enrollment and retention of Illinois residents within the state’s public universities. Northeastern will match the state’s contribution for a total of $1.6 million in new scholarship money for qualifying freshmen.
Northeastern has been approved as an entitled institution for the Gateways to Opportunity ECE Credential Levels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The entitlement, which runs through 2023, means that effective immediately, Northeastern students have the opportunity to qualify for state-recognized credentials as they take courses or complete a degree through the Daniel L. Goodwin College of Education’s Early Childhood program in the Department of Teacher Education. Northeastern is among a select group of institutions in Illinois to be entitled for the Gateways to Opportunity credentials.
Northeastern has selected Professor of Women’s and Gender Studies Laurie Fuller as the 2018 recipient of the Audrey Reynolds Distinguished Teaching Award. Professor Emerita of Linguistics Audrey Reynolds established the award to be given annually to a tenured member of the Northeastern faculty who best demonstrates distinguished teaching. As the award recipient, Fuller will receive $5,000 and will give a presentation regarding teaching during the Spring 2019 semester.
The Department of Music hosted about 360 students representing six high schools in the Noble Network of CPS Charter High Schools on Oct. 12 and 13 for a Band and Choir Festival that consisted of clinics and rehearsals, and culminated in a concert in the Auditorium. Additionally, Music Education majors and select graduate students visited the high schools the week prior to lead sectionals and work with students on the concert music prior to their arrival on campus.
Professor of Political Science Ellen Cannon has published an article titled “Contemporary Jewish Politics and Historiography: The Case of the BDS Movement” in the book “The Routledge Companion to Jewish History and Historiography.” Cannon also recently earned a grant to support a March 2019 Academic Engagement Network program on Israel-India relations and participated in Midwest Diplomatic Marathon as a member of the American Jewish Committee’s board of directors. (She is pictured above in the red jacket.)
Forward quoted Assistant Professor of Political Science William Adler in a story about research he participated in on the social website Gab.
The Chicago Tribune featured alumnus Elias Kasongo (B.A. ’11 Business and Management) in a story and video about the effects of refugee limitations on Chicago employers.
NewsChannel 5 in Nashville interviewed Associate Professor of Justice Studies Adam Messinger for a story about domestic violence in the LGBTQ community.
The 5th Annual Symposium on Genocide and Human Rights Research in Africa and the Diaspora will take place Nov. 6 on the Main Campus. This year’s symposium is titled “Genocide and Agency.” Keynote speaker Timothy P. Longman from Boston University will deliver “Struggles Over Memory in Post-Genocide Rwanda.”
The College of Arts and Sciences will host an event on colorism in comics on Nov. 6 as part of its Community Conversations series. Featuring Zoe Smith from the University of Chicago’s English Department, this talk will outline the history of print technology, color and comic books to highlight the ways in which technologies of representation fail people of color.
Northeastern alumna Kathleen Kelly will visit her alma mater on Nov. 6. Kelly, a volunteer program manager in the National Park Service’s Alaska Region and Denali National Park and Preserve, will deliver a master class on navigating the federal hiring process and a campus talk on building a career in the federal government.
John Wakabayashi will present a lecture titled “Attempting to Bridge the Growing Gap Between Academic and Applied Geology: A Personal Odyssey” at 11 a.m. Nov. 9 in Bernard J. Brommel Hall Room 120. Wakabayashi is a professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Fresno State University and is the 2018 Richard H. Jahns Distinguished Lecturer in Applied Geology. Wakabayashi will discuss his days as an engineering and environmental geologist.
Explore Northeastern through Instagram! Follow us @neiulife for snaps of the faces and places of Northeastern Illinois University.


Since its launch in May 2015, Clé Day/Night Club has redefined Houston’s nightlife by offering discerning guests a new level of luxurious style and sophistication. The striking architecture and chic décor combines majestic textures and surfaces to create an opulent ambiance for it’s exclusive clientele.
Clé features three distinctive and uniquely elegant bars that transition patrons into five different indoor and outdoor lounge areas. The baroque entry boasts a grand chandelier and transitions into rich reds and golds and is complemented by stately furnishings and works of art. The luxurious and sophisticated atmosphere continues throughout the club with plush booths around the dance floor and a wide range of high-end bottle service and VIP table options.
The Clé day pool is unlike anything Houston has ever seen before complete with an outdoor bar, daybeds, lounges, private VIP cabanas and an open air party-deck. The combination of the striking indoor and outdoor spaces extends capacity up to 500+ making it ideal for hosting a wide variety of functions and events.
e-JAM is designed to assist Jobseekers in the Caribbean and abroad, connect with businesses and employers looking to hire and build teams of exceptional people. We combine online recruitment with the personal touch of the traditional employment agency.
Although registering, or applying for a position with e-JAM, does not guarantee employment, we do guarantee that if you have a professional online presence, you have a better chance of being noticed by local and international employers.
e-JAM is a private recruitment firm and businesses contact us to fulfill specific vacancies.. As such, we reserve the right to set certain standards and conditions for all Candidates seeking to gain a position through our agency. Please read and be sure you understand the below standards and conditions policy before creating an account and seeking a placement with us.
Create a complete profile including an up-to-date resume, clear head shot photo and proof of any certifications, or documents you may have.
Please do not include personal contact details in this section (i.e. address, phone number or email.)
At e-JAM we review all applications and submit persons meeting the Employers specific request for consideration.
Please note that only short-listed Candidates are followed up with by the Recruiter. Due to the amount of applications we receive, we are unable to contact each person individually.
For additional information please review our FAQ page and feel free to CONTACT US with further concerns.
Numbers are a great place to begin your journey into the Portuguese language. Start by learning the numbers from 1 to 10, then 11 to 20, 21 to 100 and so on. Pay attention to the recurring patterns that will help you form any number above one hundred easily!
Use our free online vocabulary trainer to learn these and many other useful Portuguese words and phrases
If you want to learn Portuguese offline you can download our free cheat sheet with all the words and phrases in this lesson

Chaim Reeven Weintrop was born at 12 Hanbury Street (just off the Commerical Road) on the 14th October 1896 to Polish-born Jewish parents “who had been in the country for years [but] could hardly be understood when speaking English.”
The Registrar chose to anglicise the name, alien-to-his-ears, to ‘Robert Winthrop’ – but it was under a third name that the boy would one day gain national stardom.
Leaving the poverty of the East End at 14, as a stowaway on a ship bound for America, Winthrop slowly wriggled his way into the vaudeville circuit as a low-ranking black-face comic. He toured America, Australia and South Africa (with limited success) before returning to Britain to enlist at the start of the First World War.
Winthrop’s better-known stage name was supposedly chosen after he endured bullying from a vicious sergeant. As soon as he was demobbed, he is supposed to have told the superior officer that one day, he’d make his name a joke and everyone would laugh when they heard it. The sergeant’s name was Flanagan. If the story’s true, he certainly succeeded.
In the 1920s, his partnership with a better-known straight actor named Chesney Allen started to make Bud Flanagan a star.
Dressed in a moth-eaten fur coat while Allen looked dapper and smart, Bud composed their signature song Underneath the Arches, had a hit with the timeless Run Rabbit Run, coined his yelped catchphrase “Oi!” (which he shouted to cover up any words he fluffed on delivery, and was immediately echoed by the orchestra) and his popularity with the Royal Family paved the way for the Royal Variety performances.
The duo’s numerous live shows with fellow double-acts Nervo and Knox, Noughton and Gold and solo act ‘Monsewer’ Eddie Gray saw them billed as the Crazy Gang – a kind of dream team of comedy – and their shows repeatedly sold out West End theatres for two-year-long runs from 1937 until the late 1950s (their final performance was in 1961.)
Sadly, not a lot of footage of them exists and the films they made are hard to find, but this clip from 1937’s O-Kay For Sound shows them in their later prime, and brings home how much Morecambe and Wise and the Carry On teams owe to the Crazy Gang. The business with the hat being accidentally knocked off time and time again just doesn’t age.
Flanagan remained a huge favourite until his death in 1968. Perhaps his best-known legacy today is the last job he performed in his final days: singing (in his melancholic nasal London twang) the theme tune for Dad’s Army, ‘Who Do You Think You Are Kidding Mr Hitler’ – a song which doesn’t date from the war, but was especially written for the TV show in the style of Flanagan’s war-time ditties (you can relive it here.)
Flanagan was cremated at Golder’s Green where he has a plaque – and his death was such a national event that his funeral was filmed by British Pathe. At 58 seconds in, Chesney Allen arrives – ironically, their working partnership was ended by Allen’s ill-health, although he would go on to outlive Flanagan by 14 years.
But unlike many of the performers of his generation, who were nostalgic for the London of their youth, Flanagan (who for a good stretch of years was the single most recognisable comedian in the country) looked back on where he’d come from later in life not with rose-tinted spectacles and rags-to-riches-nostalgia, but a mix of bitter amusement and abject disgust.
In his 1961 autobiography My Crazy Life, Flanagan was surprisingly frank about his feelings towards Hanbury Street.
At the time of his birth, the area was synonymous (and a century later, it could be argued it still is) with the murders perpetrated by Jack The Ripper.
In 1888, the body of one of the victims, Annie Chapman, was discovered in the backyard of no.29. Discovered in the early hours of the morning, the enterprising neighbours in the road of dosshouses had opened their doors by the middle of the day, charging admission for a better view of the bloodstain in the yard. Supposedly a bit of a party atmosphere began, with sightseers making a day of it and the pubs doing a roaring trade as the rubberneckers went back and forth.
Choosing that anecdote to set the scene, an aging Flanagan vividly painted a picture of his childhood home:
Hanbury Street crawled rather than ran from Commercial Street, where Spitalfields Market stood at one end, to Vallance Road, an artery that spewed itself into Whitechapel Road at the other. On one corner stood Godfrey Phillips; tobacco factory, with its large, ugly enamel signs, black on yellow, advertising “B.D.V” – Best Dark Virginia. It took up the whole block of the first turning, a narrow lane with little houses and a small sweet shop. This was known as Corbett’s Court. There is today a luxury block of flats in Kensington with the same name. I smiled as my memory went back to the Corbett’s Court I knew. The only luxury about it wa the rent of houses – 3s. 6d. a week.
On the next corner was a barber’s shop and a tobacconist’s which my father owned. Next door to us was a kosher restaurant with wonderful smells of hot salt beef and other spicy dishes, then came the only Jewish blacksmith I ever met. His name was Libovitch, a fine black-bearded man, strong as an ox. From seven in the morning until ten at night, Saturdays excepted, you could hear the sound of hammer on anvil all over the street. Horses from the local brewery, Truman, Hanbury and Buxton, were lined up outside his place waiting to be shod.
Then came another court; all alleys and mean streets. Adjoining was Olivenstein, the umbrella man, a fruiterer, a grocer, and then Wilkes Street. On one side of it was a row of neat little houses and on the other the brewery, taking up streets and streets, sprawling all over the district. On the corner of Wilkes Street stood The Weaver’s Arms, a public house owned by a Mrs Sarah Cooney, a great friend of Marie Lloyd. She stood out like a tree in a desert of Jews. It wasn’t a couple of hundred yards from Commercial Street, with its busy fruit market and rattling horse trams.
Stapleton’s Repository, where horses were bought and sold, eas next door to a fried fish shop, Number 14 Hanbury Street, where I was born. Next door was Rosenthal, tailors and trimming merchants, then a billiard saloon; after that a moneylender’s house where once lived the Burdett-Coutts.
Hanbury Street was a patchwork of small shops, pubs, church halls, Salvation Army hostels, doss houses, cap factories and sweat shops where tailors with red-rimmed eyes sewed by gas-mantlelight. It was typical of the Jewish quarter in the ‘90s. The houses were clean inside, but the exteriors were shoddy. The street was narrow and ill-lit. The whole of the East End in those days was sinister…
It was a very tough neighbourhood; in fact, it was Jack the Ripper’s slay ground. They tell a story of a man walking along Hanbury Street when a heap of rubbish fell on his head. He looked up and there was a kid leaning out of his window laughing like hell. The man shook his fist and shouted, “Come down, you little bastard, and I’ll kill you.” The kid laughed and said, “Come down? I can’t even walk yet.” That gives you some idea of the district…
Ours was a district where the weak went to the wall, and you had to keep your eyes open. When my father opened his fried fish shop, the salt cans were chained to each table – and to the counter.
Flanagan performed for the first time as a child in his father’s shop in 1908, demonstrating a magic act.
When the fish shop was closed on a Sunday, I let the kids in for a farthing, charged the older ones a ha’penny and gave them a show. Mothers would bring the children, and soon there was a sprinkling of grown-ups. I was making a local name until one Sunday, a big rat came out of nowhere and evil-eyed the audience. There were screams, and before you could say abracadabra, the place had emptied. It not only did me harm, but word soon spread, “There are rats in the fish shop”, which was not surprising as we were next to a horse repository, with its hay and oats. There wasn’t a morning when the traps had fewer than three or four big ones. I used to watch in fascinated horror as they drowned in a deep tub of water.
A blue plaque to Flanagan is on the front of the house, and two doors away is Poppies, a thriving fish and chip shop (which, while old, is not the one Flanagan’s father ran. Let me stress, it’s 100% worth a visit though. Delicious.)
Walking into it – and it’s more like walking into a small town than a supermarket – there’s little clue as to its claim to fame. But looking around, there are one or two hints.
On top of the covered walkway leading up from the huge, featureless car park is an unusual weather vane.
Before the mammoth Tesco was built, the site formed the backlot of Elstree Studios – the most important film studio in Britain during the 1960s and 1970s and today most famous as the location where the original Star Wars trilogy was filmed.
The image below shows the studios at the time Star Wars was filmed – to the right of the red line is where the Tesco stands today, while on the left is what remains of the studios, all largely untouched.
Opened in 1925 as the First National Studios by American JD Williams (who bought the site when it was informed it was “free of fog”), the 50 acres making up Elstree Studios are actually not located in Elstree, but Borehamwood. At the time, Borehamwood was little more than a few houses and a pub, so the railway station in the centre was named ‘Elstree’ after the better known nearby village (the station’s name eventually changed to Elstree and Borehamwood to reflect the town’s growth.)
In 1929, the first British talkie was produced at the studios – Blackmail, directed by a 30-year-old Alfred Hitchcock. A parallel silent version was also made, which proved more popular at the time, due to a lack of cinemas with the technology to broadcast the soundtrack.
As Elstree Studios – and the five rival studio complexes which sprang up in its wake – brought work to the area, Borehamwood grew into a larger town. It was dubbed the ‘British Hollywood’ during the 1950s and 1960s, when films including The Dam Busters, Look Back in Anger, Cliff Richard’s The Young Ones and Summer Holiday, Stanley Kubrick’s Lolita and Ice Cold In Alex were filmed in the six studios, side by side with a host of hugely successful TV series including The Avengers, Jason King, The Saint, The Champions and Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased).
In the early 1970s, the studio work started to slowly dry up – classic films like The Railway Children and A Clockwork Orange gave way to On The Buses and the Confessions of a Window Cleaner series, and the TV dramas deserted the studios for location shoots, taking a page out of the book of ITV’s hugely popular The Sweeney.
The similarly struggling Hammer production company moved from Bray to Elstree in 1967, and made a series of movies at the studios until they slid into bankruptcy in 1979. Aside from a handful of late classics (such as Quatermass and the Pit and One Million Years BC, remembered more for Raquel Welch’s fur bikini than anything else), the Elstree-vintage Hammer films began to ramp up the gore and nudity as the censors relaxed the code, and they had to compete with more gruesome horror fayre from America and Italy. 1976’s Dennis Wheatley adaptation To The Devil A Daughter was the final Hammer film made at the studios and it largely disappeared without trace at the box office.
The struggling studios were thrown a lifeline in 1975, when George Lucas decided to film Star Wars at Elstree (the first shot of the film was recorded in Studio 8, which is still standing today – when I was there, the ITV show Dancing On Ice was being loaded in.)
It was simply a stroke of good luck out of bad. Fox had little faith in the supposedly ‘dead’ genre of sci-fi, so wanted to hire somewhere cheap for what they thought would undoubtedly be a money-loser. Elstree’s studios were not just big enough to accommodate the massive scale of Lucas’s pre-CGI vision, but they were also empty and available at rock-bottom prices. And it wasn’t just Fox that had no faith in Lucas’s movie being a success – Elstree Studios were offered a flat-fee or a percentage of the profits of the film, and immediately plumped for the flat-fee.
Lucas returned again in 1979 to make The Empire Strikes Back, in 1982 to make Return of the Jedi, and over the years Willow, Labyrinth and the Indiana Jones series (having been taught a lesson about underestimating Lucas’s money-making ability by taking a flat-fee instead of a profit share with Star Wars, the studio amazingly rejected exactly the same offer when he made Raiders of the Lost Ark.) It was the era of the big studio-bound spectacular, and it would mark the high watermark of Elstree’s fortunes.
Lucas’s contribution to the studio’s fortunes are commemorated in the massive George Lucas Stage which was built in 1999, overlooking the Tesco where his movies were made. Popular legend has it that the scenes set on the ice planet of Hoth were filmed where Tesco’s frozen food aisle now sits. Inside, the corridors running between the huge cavernous studios are almost entirely featureless. It’s not exactly a magical place.
In 1978, Kubrick filmed The Shining at Elstree, building the entire Overlook Hotel interior on Stages 3 and 4, with the exterior constructed on the backlot, with mountains of salt standing in for snow. It all now forms part of Tesco’s car park.
In a bizarre piece of trivia, one of the runners on the film was a local boy from Elstree named Simon Cowell, who would go on to international fame twenty years later. Although none of his TV shows were filmed at Elstree, there is now a prominent plaque to Cowell outside – the first film he worked on was The Return of the Saint, so it’s at least tangentially appropriate that his tribute is next to one for Roger Moore.
Despite these bright spots, the productions were sporadic, and the studios went through a number of different owners through the years. The other studios amalgamated, moved or wound-up; today, only Elstree Studios and BBC Elstree (the long-term home of Eastenders) remain.
In 1988, following numerous takeovers and an ongoing decline in revenues, the studios were bought by the property developer Brent Walker, who had dabbled in movies under the Goldcrest name. Under the guise of modernising and compacting the virtually derelict studios, they demolished six of the nine studios and sold the entire (now empty) backlot to Tesco. Despite a pledge to operate the studios for 25 years, Brent Walker ran into financial difficulty and decided to close the doors in 1995.
For three years, they tried to sell off the derelict site for use as a shopping centre, with the main opposition to their plan coming from a local campaign named Save Our Studios, run by the council’s Entertainment Officer Paul Welsh. As a lifelong film buff and Borehamwood resident, Welsh had seen at first hand how the industry failed to preserve or value its own heritage. He told the Elstree Studios website:
I’ve seen things thrown into skips that you could cry about. I’ve seen scripts discarded, props from Star Wars that would cost a fortune now to buy abandoned, documents from Hitchcock’s Blackmail dumped into a skip. In the late sixties they had a library of screen tests that they’d done on actors of the 1930s. Richard Harris, Audrey Hepburn, Laurence Olivier, a whole cast of people who’d gone through the studio, and an executive of the time just stopped by and said, ‘what’s the purpose of keeping the junk?’ and they just scrapped it all.
Partly due to the pressure from Walsh, Brent Walker sold the site in 1996 to Hertsmere Borough Council for £1.9million. Since then, the studios have been renovated, and the TV side rejuvenated. Within a decade, the studios were the home of Who Wants to Be A Millionaire and the Big Brother house, which moved from East London into a vast sunken water tank at the back of the studios, which was originally constructed for 1955’s Moby Dick.
In recent years, the movies have also returned, with recent productions at Elstree including The King’s Speech, Saving Private Ryan, Batman Begins, The Other Boleyn Girl, Notes on A Scandal, Tomorrow Never Dies and Kick Ass.
The town’s fortunes have always been linked to the rise and fall of the nearby studios, and the long, steady decline in the British film industry over the last forty years have been reflected in the surrounding area. Nowadays, Borehamwood is a long, bleak strip of charity shops, orange-hued greasy spoons, tatty pawn shops and grim, boarded-up frontages.
In 2006, the town attempted to celebrate its unique connection to British cinema history with a series of semi-successful council-led displays. Along the roads are a series of metal information boards dedicated to the stars who worked at the studios.
Chock-a-block with history, they’re placed in large, unkept brick flower beds outside the pubs and 24-hour newsagents. When I was there, no one was paying them any attention at all, and most people looked at me with curious puzzlement when I took my camera out to photograph them.
On the High Street, large banners proclaiming “Made in Elstree” (although technically it should be “Made at Elstree” as the films were all made in Borehamwood) show stills from of the iconic movies made at the studios – hence, A Clockwork Orange’s Alex stares down menacingly at the old people shuffling past the pawnbrokers, Chewbacca growls at the traffic streaming over one of the countless traffic-slowing ramps, and Darth Vader flutters proudly over a branch of Nando’s.
At the railway station is a miniature walk of fame with one star commemorating Harrison Ford – the man who famously referred to the area as “Boring-wood.” A completely lackluster paving slab, it’s a fitting tribute.
In the Tesco itself, the only reminder of its former use is an aisle of Star Wars toys – situated not far from where the film which inspired them was created thirty years before.
Arriving at Whitechapel – the single place in London still most closely associated with events which took place there over a century ago – it’s easy to feel you’ve stepped back in time. Arriving at the Underground station, you step out into a narrow railway shed made of wood and huge steel rivets. The only changes to the station since it opened in 1896 have been cosmetic ones; the structure still looks much the same as it did 115 years ago.
Directly opposite stands the London Hospital, which, like the station is much unchanged. It doesn’t take much – in my case, the sepia setting on my camera – to conjure up the East End of the 1880s (although it didn’t have the prefix ‘Royal’ until 1990, when it celebrated it’s 250th year.)
Even more remarkably, aside from the station and the hospital, the old shops next to the station remain untouched. While the occupants have changed countless times over the century, the fabric – the bricks and mortar – remain the same.
Looking back across the road from the London Hospital, the view is much the same as it would have been in the 1880s, when a Dorset-born surgeon named Frederick Treves (1853-1923) first came to work there as a Lecturer on Anatomy.
It was in this house – No. 259, Whitechapel Road, now the UKAY International Saree Centre, with an immigration service, mini cab office, travel agent and homeopathy clinic in the rooms above – where Treves first saw the man with whom his name would forever be associated.
Joseph Merrick (1862-1890) – better known as The Elephant Man – is, along with Jack The Ripper, one of the men most closely associated with Whitechapel. And in a small museum attached to the hospital in the crypt of St Augustine in Newark Street are the sole handful of items associated with his short life which still exist.
None are more immediately evocative of his unique life than the hat and mask which he supposedly wore on the night he first visited the London Hospital in 1884.
Born in Leicester, “at the age of 5 years”, bony lumps and thick skin started to deformed and enlarge Merrick’s head, face, arms and legs. He was 11 when his mother died (by his own account, she doted on him) and just 12 when he left school and went to work “at Messrs. Freeman’s Cigar Manufacturers, and worked there about two years, but my right hand got too heavy for making cigars, so I had to leave them.”
As Merrick’s physical afflictions became progressively worse, work became harder to find (his father had once sent him out to sell products door to door, with predictable results) and he spent four years in the Leicester Union workhouse. Merrick recalled his time there with dread, and realised the only way to leave was to make a living. He realised that the deformities which prevented him from working were so extreme they could actually be used to his advantage. From the workhouse, he contacted two local showmen, music hall comic Sam Torr and music hall proprietor J. Ellis, with a plan to exhibit himself.
So thought I, I’ll get my living by being exhibited about the country. Knowing Mr. Sam Torr, Gladstone Vaults, Wharf Street, Leicester, went in for Novelties, I wrote to him, he came to see me, and soon arranged matters, recommending me to Mr. Ellis, Bee-hive Inn, Nottingham, from whom I received the greatest kindness and attention.
It was Torr, Ellis and a travelling showman ‘Little George’ Hitchcock who decided to present Merrick as ‘The Elephant Man, Half-a-Man and Half-an-Elephant’ as they toured around the East Midlands.
Realising he only had a limited regional circuit to display Merrick on before exhausting the audiences, Torr contacted Tom Norman (1860-1930), a London-based showman who specialised in presenting human oddities like the Skeleton Woman, The Balloon Headed Baby and Mademoiselle Electra (billed as “The Only Electric Lady — A Lady Born Full of Electricity”, she gave people an electric shock while shaking their hands.)
Norman specialised in penny gaffs – small rooms where sub-music hall, amateur entertainment turns could be seen for the entrance fee of a penny, which, by the 1880s, had largely fallen out of fashion. He took over Merrick’s management at the end of 1884 – although he was initially so shocked by Merrick’s appearance, he was reluctant to display him, thinking he looked too horrific to be a successful novelty. Thus Merrick came to be displayed in a vacant greengrocer’s at 123 Whitechapel Road (the road number has since been changed to 259.)
To accompany the display, a 3-page pamphlet – The Autobiography of Joseph Carey Merrick – was printed (it is where the above quotes are taken from.) Alongside claiming that his features were the result of his mother being startled by an elephant while pregnant, he added that:
The measurement around my head is 36 inches, there is a large substance of flesh at the back as large as a breakfast cup, the other part in a manner of speaking is like hills and valleys, all lumped together, while the face is such a sight that no one could describe it. The right hand is almost the size and shape of an Elephant’s foreleg, measuring 12 inches round the wrist and 5 inches round one of the fingers; the other hand and arm is no larger than that of a girl ten years of age, although it is well proportioned. My feet and legs are covered with thick lumpy skin, also my body, like that of an Elephant, and almost the same colour, in fact, no one would believe until they saw it, that such a thing could exist.
While he might not have been the sole author of the pamphlet (at the very least, it bears a showman’s hand embellishing the truth), it is a common misconception that Merrick was a cruelly-treated victim of the showmen (which is how he was frequently portrayed later in popular culture, and, indeed, in the memoir of Treves.) Merrick was not just a willing partner in the enterprise, but the man who came up with the plan of exhibiting himself in the first place. He also shared in the profits and had been saving as much as he could in the hope of buying his own house.
In making my first appearance before the public, who have treated me well — in fact I may say I am as comfortable now as I was uncomfortable before.
But by 1884, the display of human oddities was becoming unpopular and the Elephant Man display at Whitechapel was shut by the police just a few weeks after it opened.
One of the visitors before it was closed was the 31-year-old Frederick Treves, who had been urged to visit by a younger surgeon friend.
He described first seeing Merrick in his 1922 memoirs The Elephant Man and Other Reminscences (published at the end of his life, they contain numerous errors which many put down to old age, including Treves stating that Merrick’s first name was ‘John’.)
The whole of the front of the shop, with the exception of the door, was hidden by a hanging sheet of canvas on which was the announcement that the Elephant Man was to be seen within and that the price of admission was twopence. Painted on the canvas in primitive colours was a life-size portrait of the Elephant Man. This very crude production depicted a frightful creature that could only have been possible in a nightmare. It was the figure of a man with the characteristics of an elephant. The transfiguration was not far advanced. There was still more of the man than of the beast. This fact—that it was still human—was the most repellent attribute of the creature. There was nothing about it of the pitiableness of the misshapened or the deformed, nothing of the grotesqueness of the freak, but merely the loathsome insinuation of a man being changed into an animal. Some palm trees in the background of the picture suggested a jungle and might have led the imaginative to assume that it was in this wild that the perverted object had roamed.
When I first became aware of this phenomenon the exhibition was closed, but a well-informed boy sought the proprietor in a public house and I was granted a private view on payment of a shilling. The shop was empty and grey with dust. Some old tins and a few shrivelled potatoes occupied a shelf and some vague vegetable refuse the window. The light in the place was dim, being obscured by the painted placard outside. The far end of the shop—where I expect the late proprietor sat at a desk—was cut off by a curtain or rather by a red tablecloth suspended from a cord by a few rings. The room was cold and dank, for it was the month of November. The year, I might say, was 1884. The showman pulled back the curtain and revealed a bent figure crouching on a stool and covered by a brown blanket. In front of it, on a tripod, was a large brick heated by a Bunsen burner. Over this the creature was huddled to warm itself. It never moved when the curtain was drawn back. Locked up in an empty shop and lit by the faint blue light of the gas jet, this hunched-up figure was the embodiment of loneliness. It might have been a captive in a cavern or a wizard watching for unholy manifestations in the ghostly flame. Outside the sun was shining and one could hear the footsteps of the passers-by, a tune whistled by a boy and the companionable hum of traffic in the road.
The showman—speaking as if to a dog—called out harshly: “Stand up!” The thing arose slowly and let the blanket that covered its head and back fall to the ground. There stood revealed the most disgusting specimen of humanity that I have ever seen. In the course of my profession I had come upon lamentable deformities of the face due to injury or disease, as well as mutilations and contortions of the body depending upon like causes; but at no time had I met with such a degraded or perverted version of a human being as this lone figure displayed. He was naked to the waist, his -feet were bare, he wore a pair of threadbare trousers that had once belonged to some fat gentleman’s dress suit.
Treves arranged with Norman to examine Merrick at the hospital opposite the following day – but there was a problem.
I became at once conscious of a difficulty. The Elephant Man could not show himself in the streets. He would have been mobbed by the crowd and seized by the police. He was, in fact, as secluded from the world as the Man with the Iron Mask. He had, however, a disguise, although it was almost as startling as he was himself. It consisted of a long black cloak which reached to the ground. Whence the cloak had been obtained I cannot imagine. I had only seen such a garment on the stage wrapped about the figure of a Venetian bravo. The recluse was provided with a pair of bag-like slippers in which to hide his deformed feet. On his head was a cap of a kind that never before was seen. It was black like the cloak, had a wide peak, and the general outline of a yachting cap. As the circumference of Merrick’s head was that of a man’s waist, the size of this headgear may be imagined. From the attachment of the peak a grey flannel curtain hung in front of the face. In this mask was cut a wide horizontal slit through which the wearer could look out. This costume, worn by a bent man hobbling along with a stick, is probably the most remarkable and the most uncanny that has as yet been designed. I arranged that Merrick should cross the road in a cab, and to insure his immediate admission to the college I gave him my card.
In Norman’s autobiography, he stated Merrick went to the hospital “two or three” times, but then refused to go any more, feeling “like an animal in a cattle market.”
Following a disastrous tour of Brussels in 1886, where Merrick was abandoned by a promoter who ran off with his money and had to make his own way back to England, he found himself at Liverpool Street Station. Alone, the object of much unwanted curiosity, and fighting to make himself understood to the police, who’d dragged him away to stop the inquisitive crowds gathering around him, he handed over the card Treves had given him two years before.
Treves was contacted and the two men returned to the London Hospital, where Merrick was signed in – his age was given as 26, not 24 – and where he was eventually given permanent quarters. Unable to do much to help him, Treves displayed Merrick to the great and good – as much a showman as Sam Torr or Tom Norman.
Merrick entertained visitors much as did in the vacant greengrocer’s across the road, although now those who came to see him were aristocrats and did their best to hide their horror. He wrote them charming, courteous and childlike letters once they’d gone – the only surviving example known is on display in the museum.
Next to it is a cardboard church which Merrick made for the actress Madge Kendall (1848-1935), who was a prominent supporter and fundraiser for him, although it’s uncertain if they ever actually met (she did, however, send someone along to his room to teach him basket weaving after he’d expressed an interest in learning.)
The German printed paper models were frequent gifts from Merrick, who was able to write and work with his largely undeformed left arm, but again, this is the only one known to survive.
Merrick died in his sleep in his basement room in the East Wing overlooking Bedford Square on the afternoon of 11 April 1890, the result of a dislocated neck caused by the weight of his head. Due to spinal deformities, he had to sleep on his knees with his head forward; on the night he died, he had lain down – Treves wrote in his memoirs that Joseph had always wanted to sleep “like other people.” He was 27.
The coroner at his inquest was Wynne Edwin Baxter, who had come to prominence during the notorious Jack the Ripper murders of 1888. Nothing belonging to Baxter is in the museum, but the gloves of pathologist Sir Thomas Openshaw (1856-1929), who identified the piece of kidney sent by the Ripper to Inspector Lusk, are on display, along with his collection of Masonic medals.
The Elephant Man and the Ripper represented the two extremes of humanity in Whitechapel in the 1880s. Both became world famous under their pseudonyms, both are immediately associated with Whitechapel, and both form part of the underbelly of poverty and misfortune in London during the 1880s.
But while Merrick was an ordinary, decent man with a face that made him seem inhuman, the Ripper was his mirror image; a man without a face who came to represent inhumanity. That both should have lived out their very different lives in the same place at the same time is one of London’s strangest stories.
Merrick’s skeleton is kept by the Royal College of Surgeons, but it has never been on public display.
The Royal London Hospital Museum is in the former crypt of St Philip’s Church, Newark Street, Whitechapel, London, E1 2AA. Nearest tube: Whitechapel.
Note: My thanks to Mae for correcting a couple of errors in this piece. Her fascinating site dedicated to Merrick is at http://www.josephcareymerrick.com/
Widely regarded as one of the truly essential London films, the 1968 documentary The London Nobody Knows was based on a bestselling gazetteer-cum-memoir written by Geoffrey Fletcher, an illustrator and Daily Telegraph journalist.
Directed by Norman Cohen (best known for later helming the long-running 1970s Confessions Of…sex comedy series), the 46-minute film features a melancholy James Mason leading an hour-long tour through the seamier streets of Swinging London, eschewing tourist sites for meths drinkers, shoeless children and bleak Victorian tenements.
Forty years after it was made, and after a decade of being the BFI’s single most requested title, The London Nobody Knows was finally released on DVD in 2008.
While Fletcher was billed as the film’s writer, the documentary was actually scripted by Brian Comport, who was only given a credit for “additional material” on commercial grounds. Now in his seventies and living in “sunny Brixton”, the dapper Comport is the only person involved in the film who has lived to see it acknowledged as a classic.
Norman Cohen, who produced and directed The London That Nobody Knows, had done four shorts for the Boulting Brothers and, as part of the deal he was on, had been offered a fifteen minute documentary. In 1966, he’d worked with James Mason on a film called The Blue Max as sound editor, had mentioned that he was thinking of doing this book as a documentary and Mason said “I’d love to do it.” That promptly raised money for another half hour. So Norman called me in. I was living on Bankside and I took him around, and he said “Right, go for it. Write me all this material.” So I did. He said “Look, the book on which it’s based is basically a point of departure, but the title The London Nobody Knows has got great marquee value, we’re sticking with that title because legally we have to, and as such, I’m going to have to acknowledge the author of the book, Geoffrey Fletcher.”
Well, he wrote the book. He was a graphic artist, very good one, for the Daily Telegraph and exhibitions, and a bit of a history buff about London, a bit like Peter Ackroyd. He would have been, I suppose, a bit erudite for Norman when it came to the film. So I took it from there.
I never met the man. I read the book but I never met the man at all. He certainly knew his stuff as an artist and historian, though.
There was a very strange reaction to it. People didn’t know what to expect, frankly. Some people described it as ‘quirky’; some people described it as ‘quaint.’ Recently, someone called it an early fly-on-the-wall documentary, imitated since by television. At the time though, it was a very “Comme Ci, Comme Ça” reception – although we thought it might be a bit of a sleeper, and so it’s proved to be.
I would say it was the humanity. Norman was a lovely man, had a great sense of mischief and he looked for characters – we filmed the kids, we filmed the olds and we filmed the down-and-outs. We took our lives in our hands in the really itchy part, where we had this evil-minded absolute raving animal of an alcoholic – poor devil – and we had a camera either side of him, knowing we’d have to be ready to drop them and just run if necessary.
No, no, I’d written the material but when you get someone like James Mason, obviously if he wants to extemporise, that’s entirely down to him! Norman would have been a fool to have it any other way. So, no, the script was written before.
I doubt it. There’s an out-cut that I don’t think will ever see the light of day, as I don’t think it was printed off. We were on Tower Hill with the escapologist.
Mason was talking on a prompt from my script, and he happened to mention in passing about being a Cockney, which I am – born in the sound of Bow Bells, in Cheapside. And this bloke breezed in, camera running, “’Ere, Mr. Mason, now, let me correct yew on that small matter. The Bow in question is ver Bow down in Poplar, right? It’s not anywhere else.” Mason was flummoxed – he was so urbane, gentlemanly, and polite – and Norman leant over to the cameraman and just whispered “Let it run! Just let it run!” But then he had cold feet and we canned it, so I don’t think it saw the light of day in any physical sense, and it’s not likely to ever turn up.
It’s astonishing watching someone the stature of James Mason walking through the rough streets of London and the commotion it causes.
Oh, it did! He had a driver and I would share the car occasionally, and he was standing with my partner at the time, when a little girl came up to her and said “’Ere, if that’s Mr. Mason, are you Mia Farrow?” They assumed anyone near him was famous too.
Considering the muted critical reception, I presume there were no plans for a follow-up, despite Fletcher writing more London titles.
Well, Norman went on to do ‘Til Death Us Do Part and Dad’s Army, and I did two or three more movies, and so that was it. It was an early point in his career and in mine. I was very fond of all the films I later made, but I was always particularly fond of London. Norman was a great mate, and it’s very moving, a lot of it.
I must say I am, but I think it a thoroughly decent picture, and I’m sorry that Norman isn’t here to enjoy the accolades. I feel like a broom in a broom cupboard, that someone’s wondered what it’s doing in there, has brought it out and finally put it to good use. When I saw the film again the other day, I was very pleased with it. And that’s a very nice feeling.
The London Nobody Knows is available as an Optimum Classic DVD as part of a double-bill with Les Bicyclettes de Belsize, and is available here and here (I’m only making life easier if you want a copy – I don’t have any association with these vendors.)
The documentary is also up on YouTube, but it probably shouldn’t be for sorts of copyright issues. The quality isn’t a patch on the DVD.

MOSCOW, Aug. 17– The US Pentagon employees have been issued a ban on playing the global phenomenon game, Pokemon Go, on their work phones. amid fears of espionage. It follows reports that suggest the game could be used to pinpoint the locations of secure facilities. It has been revealed that a July 19 memo to […]
Bundaberg is a city in Queensland, Australia. At June 2015 the city had an estimated urban population of 70,588.
Bundaberg is a major centre within Queensland's broader Wide Bay-Burnett geographical region and the headquarters of the Bundaberg Regional Council. The city is on the Burnett River, approximately 385 kilometres (239 mi) north of the state capital, Brisbane, and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) inland from the coast. The local Aboriginal group is the Kalki people.
The city name is thought to be a combination of bunda, Aboriginal word denoting an important man, and the suffix -berg (town) from the Old English beorg (hill). The city is colloquially known as "Bundy".
If you’re looking for the best CBD oil for dogs and cats, we provide CBD hemp oil for dogs and cats for sale at competitive prices. Whether you need CBD dog or cat products for ingestion or topical applications, CBD Dog Health offers the very best CBD oil products for your pets, designed to address a wide variety of pet wellness concerns.
Each serving contains 28 mg hemp oil, 4 mg hemp CBD. CALM can be absorbed through the gums by lifting the pet’s lip and applying directly to the gums. CALM can also be swallowed directly, or mixed with food.
CALM CBD oil is made to improve your pet’s health and well being. CALM naturally helps relieve separation anxiety, stress, noise anxiety, fear of thunder, fear of storms, fireworks, and more. If your dog gets anxious over anything, this CBD oil will calm them naturally by feeding their endocannabinoid system.
Serving size: Dogs under 25 lbs should receive 1 dropper (1 mL). Dogs between 26 – 75 lbs should receive 2 droppers (2 mL). Dogs over 75 lbs should receive 3 droppers (3 mL). Each dropper (1 mL) contains 28 mg hemp oil, 9 mg hemp CBD. CALM can be absorbed through the gums by lifting the pet’s lip and applying directly to the gums, it can be swallowed directly, or it can be mixed with food.
Our new All Natural Freeze-Dried Chicken are PURRRFECT for cats, dogs, and all mammals. Made with only fresh, whole, single-source animal protein, these new treats are carefully formulated for your pet. These all-natural treats are sourced, made, and packaged in the USA from free-range chicken from Midwestern farms. We freeze dry these treats from the raw state, and they contain no added synthetics or minerals – just pure, natural goodness.
Optimum nourishment through the whole digestive system leads to less food intake and smaller stools.
Hydration keeps kidneys and urinary tracts healthy. Carnivore’s have a low thirst drive and get most of their moisture from their prey.
We source our hemp CBD from non-GMO hemp that is grown without the use of herbicides, pesticides, or chemical fertilizers.
Each 1 oz bag of CBD Oil Freeze Dried Chicken Treats contains approximately 50 mg of full spectrum phytocannabinoids.
CBD DOG Health’s Natural Freeze-Dried Salmon Treats are great, healthy CBD treats for cats! Made with only fresh, whole, single-sourced USDA animal protein, CBD Oil Freeze Dried Salmon Treats are carefully formulated with your furry friend’s health in mind.
These all-natural CBD treats for cats are sourced, made, and packaged in the USA from wild-caught Alaskan salmon. We freeze dry these treats from the raw state, and they contain no added synthetics or vitamins and minerals — just pure, natural goodness. CBD pet products are created under the strictest standards.
These delicious biscuits are not only tasty but offer the benefits of hemp CBD in a healthy and holistic way. CBD treats for cats can help reduce and even eliminate pet wellness concerns, including pain from arthritis, anxiety, symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease, autoimmune disease, and much more. You can rest easy knowing that you’re providing your furry friend the best of the best.
Each 1 oz bag of CBD Oil Freeze Dried Salmon Treats contains approximately 50 mg of full spectrum phytocannabinoids.
EASE naturally helps relieve aches and pains, inflammation, joint pain, arthritis, IBS, and more by feeding your cat’s endocannabinoid system.
Our CBD hemp oil tincture is vegan and is made from non-GMO hemp grown with no pesticides, herbicides, or chemical fertilizers. Only the highest quality 100 percent food grade ingredients go into our products, so you can rest assured that you’re giving your furry friend the very best.
Each serving contains 28 mg hemp oil, 9 mg hemp CBD. EASE can be absorbed through the gums by lifting the pet’s lip and applying directly to the gums. EASE can also be swallowed directly, or mixed with food.
EASE CBD oil is made just for your pet’s health and well being. EASE naturally helps relieve aches and pains, inflammation, joint pain, arthritis, IBS, and more by feeding your pets endocannabinoid system.
Our vegan, CBD hemp oil tincture is made from non-GMO hemp grown with no pesticides, herbicides, or chemical fertilizers. Only the highest quality 100 percent food grade ingredients go into our products, so you can rest assured that you’re giving your furry friend the very best.
Each 2 oz bottle contains approximately 160 servings. Serving size: Dogs under 25 lbs should receive 1 dropper (1 mL). Dogs between 26 – 75 lbs should receive 2 droppers (2 mL). Dogs over 75 lbs should receive 3 droppers (3 mL). Each dropper (1 mL) contains 28 mg hemp oil, 9 mg hemp CBD. EASE can be absorbed through the gums by lifting the pet’s lip and applying directly to the gums, it can be swallowed directly, or it can be mixed with food.
Are you looking for the highest CBD per mg hemp oil for pets? HEAL CBD Oil for cats contains high-concentration full spectrum cannabinoids and is excellent for clinical applications to help relieve the symptoms, pain, and discomfort from autoimmune diseases, cancer, seizures, Cushing’s disease and more. Research shows that CBD hemp oil kills cancer cells: https://www.projectcbd.org/cancer
Each 1-ounce bottle contains 1,100mg of full spectrum cannabinoids in hemp oil, the highest CBD per mg available in a commercial product.
This 1,100 mg CBD oil for dogs and cats tincture is made from non-GMO hemp grown without pesticides, herbicides, or chemical fertilizers. Additionally, hemp oil is high in essential fatty acids and offers the perfect ratio of omega-3 and omega-6 to promote overall health and well-being. Our all natural formula contains hemp CBD complex, hemp seed oil, and terpenes.
This 1,100 mg CBD oil for dogs and cats contains a full spectrum hemp oil with CBD, CBG, CBN, and CBDA.
Suggested use: Twice daily give 1-2 droppers full (0.75 mL – 1 mL) in the cat’s mouth. Most of the time they like the taste, but to make sure they get the full dose, hold their head up and gently rub throat to encourage them to swallow it. It can also be absorbed through the gums, or put onto food or treats.
HEAL CBD Oil for cats and dogs contains high-concentration full spectrum cannabinoids and is excellent for clinical applications to help relieve the symptoms, pain and discomfort from autoimmune diseases, cancer, seizures, Cushing’s disease and more. Research shows that CBD hemp oil kills cancer cells: https://www.projectcbd.org/cancer
This hemp oil tincture is made from non-GMO hemp grown without pesticides, herbicides or chemical fertilizers. Hemp oil is high in essential fatty acids and offers the perfect ratio of omega-3 and omega-6. Our all natural formula contains hemp CBD complex, hemp seed oil, and terpenes.
Suggested use: Twice daily give 1-2 droppers full (0.75 mL – 1 mL) regardless of body weight, directly in the dog’s mouth. Most of the time, they like the taste, but to make sure they get the full dose, hold their head up and gently rub throat to encourage them to swallow it. It can also be absorbed through the gums, and administered by lifting the pet’s lip and administering directly onto the gums. Every dog is different, and as you use the oil, you may need to adjust your dosage and give your pet more or less.
Made with the highest quality ingredients, and never any artificial fragrances or dyes. Always non-GMO and gluten-free, and produced right here in the USA.
This all-natural, never-greasy topical contains naturally occurring cannabinoids and is made from premium quality ingredients, blended for a refreshing, soothing, and healing experience for your pet. Each 1 oz jar contains 150 mg of cannabinoids and full spectrum hemp oil with CBD, CBG, CBN, and CBDA. Contains coconut oil, CBD hemp oil, frankincense, eucalyptus, peppermint, and arnica essential oils.
Used topically on skin squamous cell and mammary cancers, skin growths, fungal infections, yeast infections, cysts, fatty tumors, skin infections, polyps, warts, and hematomas. To see the science and research behind the power of full-spectrum CBD visit: https://www.projectcbd.org/cancer
We also provide CBD oil for dogs and cats in several different delivery systems, giving you and your pets diverse treatment options. In addition to calming hemp oil for dogs and cats in dropper applications, we offer CBD dog or cat treats and CBD oil for dogs and cats in salve form. No matter what dosage is necessary, or what type of hemp oil your pets require, CBD Dog Health can connect you to the highest quality products.
Treating dogs and cats with CBD for diverse maladies – anxiety, chronic pain, and digestive concerns, to name a few – is becoming increasingly popular among pet owners, and has a growing, if cautious, network of quiet support among veterinarians.
While CBD and its effects on both humans and animals is currently the subject of extensive scientific research, independent studies have found that CBD appears to affect cannabinoid receptor sites. These receptor sites are located in immune cells, the central nervous system, peripheral organs (spleen and lymph nodes) and the brain. CBD has been shown to trigger an anti-inflammatory response, which may help treat numerous physical and emotional maladies. Preliminary studies are investigating the potential of CBD for treatment of cancer and Type 1 diabetes.
CBD Dog Health products are manufactured with non-GMO, vegan hemp for the specific purpose of delivering an exceptional, medical grade CBD product especially for dogs and cats. CBD Dog Health was the very first company to formulate CBD products for dogs and cats, so all our CBD dog and cat products are designed for easy dosing, to administer the appropriate CBD concentration for dogs or cats of any size, and to be taken in a variety of applications. Whether you have a Great Dane or a Chihuahua, a Ragdoll or Siamese, you’ll always find the right product for your furry friend’s needs.
In addition to offering our CBD oil for sale for pets right here on our site, we also offer our products in retail outlets in Florida and Tennessee. However, we’re getting bigger and better every day, so you might find our CBD oil for dogs and cats at a dispensary near you soon!
We’re proud to offer the best CBD oil products for dogs and cats, and we hope that our products will help you and your pets live life to the fullest!


The FDA product label on Lovaza warns of potential bleeding complications with the coadministration of anticoagulants. This warning is based on observational studies that suggested a prolonged bleeding time in populations ingesting high levels of fish oil77 and on in vitro studies that demonstrated an effect on pro-thrombotic mediators such as a reduction in thromboxane A2 production78 and platelet activation factor.79 The same trend, however, has not been clearly demonstrated in measurements of clotting times or in factors of fibrinolysis.80 In addition, in randomized clinical trials of patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, endarterectomy and diagnostic angiography, no adverse bleeding related events have been demonstrated.81 For example, in a trial of 500 patients randomized to pretreatment with 6.9 g of DHA and EPA preparation 2 weeks before balloon percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (where all the patients received 325 mg/d of aspirin and heparin bolus periprocedure), no difference was seen in bleeding complications.82 Similar results were seen in a trial of 610 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery, randomized to either placebo or 4 g/d of fish oil and then further randomized to aspirin or warfarin (dosed to an international normalized ratio [INR] goal of 2.5–4.2). At 1 year, the number of bleeding complications was not increased.15 The effect of fish oil on INR values has not been studied extensively, but a small, randomized trial showed that fish oil did not alter the Coumadin dosing regimen.83 There is very little evidence that a lower target INR is necessary in patients receiving chronic warfarin therapy and fish oil.
A March 2010 lawsuit filed by a California environmental group claimed that eight brands of fish oil supplements contained excessive levels of PCB's, including CVS/pharmacy, Nature Made, Rite Aid, GNC, Solgar, Twinlab, Now Health, Omega Protein and Pharmavite. The majority of these products were either cod liver or shark liver oils. Those participating in the lawsuit claim that because the liver is the major filtering and detoxifying organ, PCB content may be higher in liver-based oils than in fish oil produced from the processing of whole fish.[63][64]
Fish oil supplements have been promoted as easy way to protect the heart, ease inflammation, improve mental health, and lengthen life. Such claims are one reason why Americans spend more than $1 billion a year on over-the-counter fish oil. And food companies are adding it to milk, yogurt, cereal, chocolate, cookies, juice, and hundreds of other foods.
There was a significantly greater association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms in participants receiving omega-3 PUFAs than in those not receiving omega-3 PUFAs in the subgroup with an EPA percentage less than 60% (k, 11; Hedges g, 0.485; 95% CI, 0.017-0.954; P = .04; Figure 4)35,49,52,54-61 but no significant difference in the association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms between participants receiving omega-3 PUFAs and those not receiving omega-3 PUFAs in the subgroup with an EPA percentage of at least 60% (k, 9; Hedges g, 0.092; 95% CI, –0.102 to 0.285; P = .35) (Figure 4).33,34,36,47,48,50,51,53,60 There were no significantly different estimated effect sizes between these 2 subgroups by the interaction test (P = .13).
For preventing and reversing the progression of hardening of the arteries after angioplasty: 6 grams of fish oil daily starting one month before angioplasty and continuing for one months after, followed by 3 grams daily for 6 months thereafter has been used. Also, 15 grams of fish oil has been taken daily for 3 weeks before angioplasty and for 6 months thereafter.
Added inactive ingredients also contribute to product safety. Eight supplements in this study contained ‘natural’ flavors such as citrus-derived additives. One product, Coromega Omega-3, also contained benzoic acid, a popular antibacterial agent linked to carcinogenic risks when combined with vitamin C. Other controversial excipients included the artificial coloring agents FD&C Blue 1 and FD&C Red 40 as well as the whitening agent titanium dioxide.
Cast about for healthy canned tuna. Think all tuna is created equal? Think again. Choose canned light tuna instead of tuna steaks or albacore tuna. It tends to have less mercury. Albacore may contain three times the mercury of chunk light tuna. Check fish guides for the latest information about foods low in toxins but high in omega-3. Two good online sources are:
Before getting to know some of the fish oil side effects, you have to know more about fish oil, like its benefits and usages. Fish oil has become a popular supplement for athletes, as well as those looking to improve their overall health. Many claims have been made regarding the improvements to the body which can be made by using fish oil to increase the body's level of fatty omega-3 acids. Some of these claims have been backed up by studies, while others have not been proven with significant scientific evidence. There are also some precautions that need to be addressed if you will be taking fish oil regularly. People with certain health conditions may see a worsening of their symptoms if they increase their intake of fatty acids too quickly or with the wrong products.
For patients without documented CAD, the American Heart Association 2006 Diet and Lifestyle Recommendations advise the consumption of at least 2 servings of fish per week, preferably fatty fish high in DHA and EPA.65 The guidelines also recommend a daily fish intake equivalent to 1 g/d of EPA and DHA for secondary prevention of CAD. Fish oil supplements containing EPA and DHA are suggested as an alternative to fatty fish consumption for secondary prevention.
As with other supplements, when it comes to quality, you get what you pay for. Life Time sources its omega-3 fish oil (both capsules and liquid) from sustainable fisheries off the coast of Chile. We only use oils from small, cold-water anchovy, sardine, and mackerel. It’s molecularly distilled to be sure it’s free of mercury, PCBs, and heavy metals. If your fish oil brand doesn’t name the species of fish it’s sourced from, or it lists larger, predatory species, the quality and purity of the oil could be less than optimal.
There are three types of omega-3 fatty acids, which include EPA, DHA and ALA, which is alpha-linoleic acid. Although EPA and DHA are found to have high amounts from animal sources, ALA is found in rich concentrations in plant sources, including certain vegetable oils and flaxseeds, although fatty fish and shellfish are the best sources of EPA and DHA, according to the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine. Examples of these fatty fish and shellfish include salmon, tuna, trout, crab, oysters and mussels.
Fish oil supplements are available as liquids or capsules. Some capsules are enteric-coated to pass through the stomach before dissolving in the small intestine, thus helping prevent indigestion and "fish burps". Poorly manufactured enteric-coated products have the potential to release ingredients too early. ConsumerLab.com, a for-profit supplement testing company, reported that 1 of the 24 enteric-coated fish oil supplements it evaluated released ingredients prematurely.[48]
Due to the anticipated heterogeneity, a random-effects meta-analysis was chosen rather than a fixed-effects meta-analysis because random-effects modeling is more stringent and incorporates an among-study variance in the calculations. The entire meta-analysis procedure was performed on the platform of Comprehensive Meta-analysis statistical software, version 3 (Biostat). Under the preliminary assumption that the scales for anxiety symptoms are heterogeneous among the recruited studies, we chose Hedges g and 95% confidence intervals to combine the effect sizes, in accordance with the manual of the Comprehensive Meta-analysis statistical software, version 3. Regarding the interpretation of effect sizes, we defined Hedges g values 0 or higher as a better association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms of omega-3 PUFAs than in controls. For each analysis, a 2-tailed P value less than .05 was considered to indicate statistical significance. When more than 1 anxiety scale was used in a study, we chose the one with the most informative data (ie, mean and standard deviation [SD] before and after treatment). We entered the primary outcome provided in the included articles or obtained from the original authors. As for the variance imputation, we mainly chose the mean and SD before and after treatment. Later, we entered the mean and SD and calculated the effect sizes based on the software option, standardized by post score SD. In the case of studies with 2 active treatment arms, we merged the 2 active treatment arms into 1 group. If these 2 active treatment arms belonged to different subgroups (ie, different PUFA dosage subgroups), we kept them separate. Regarding the numbers of participants counted, we chose intention-to-treat as our priority. If there were insufficient data in the intention to treat group (ie, some studies only provided the changes in anxiety severity in those participants completing trials), we chose instead the per-protocol numbers of participants.
Like its other leafy green counterparts, broccoli is a powerful source of ALA, one of the omega-3 fatty acids your body needs (but can’t make on its own). Broccoli is also high in fiber, zinc, and — surprisingly — protein, a must for any ADHD brain. If you or your child doesn’t like broccoli, try pairing it with a cheesy sauce or baking it into tots — try this simple recipe to get started.
Although there was significant heterogeneity among the included studies (Cochran Q, 178.820; df, 18; I2, 89.934%; P < .001), the sensitivity test suggested that the main significant results of the meta-analysis would not change after removal of any of the included studies. However, through direct inspection of the forest plot, we detected the potential influence of some outliers, such as the studies by Sohrabi et al56 and Yehuda et al.61 These 2 studies evaluated anxiety symptoms with a visual analog scale of anxiety and test anxiety severity, which are seldom used in psychiatric research and lack a definite report to prove their equivalent sensitivity and specificity to some other frequently used anxiety rating scales, such as depression, anxiety, and stress scales or the Hamilton anxiety rating scale. Therefore, these studies might have affected the interpretation of the current meta-analysis.
Various scales were used in these studies to evaluate the target outcome of anxiety symptoms: the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale, Profile of Mood States, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, Generalized Anxiety Disorder questionnaire, Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scales, Clinician-Administered Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Scale, Beck Anxiety Inventory, visual analog scale of anxiety, Impact of Event Scale–Revised, Conners score anxiety subscale, Neuropsychiatric Inventory, test anxiety severity, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale anxiety subscale, and Child Behavior Checklist anxiety subscale. The psychiatric and physical health conditions of the recruited participants also varied widely: general population without specific clinical conditions,36,47,51,55,60 participants with acute myocardial infarction,35 borderline personality disorder,2 mild to severe depression,59 obsessive-compulsive disorder,33 severe accidental injury,49 participants who were traumatized by disaster,54 participants with substance abuse disorder,34 women with premenstrual syndrome,56 children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder,48,53 Alzheimer disease,58 generally healthy undergraduate college students but with test anxiety,61 Parkinson disease,52 and participants with Tourette syndrome.57 Sixteen studies compared the effect of omega-3 PUFA treatment with that of the placebo33,34,36,47-49,51-53,55-61; the other 3 studies were non–placebo controlled trials.35,50,54 The mean (SD) Jadad score of the recruited studies was 3.8 (1.0) (eTable in the Supplement).
“Lipid peroxidation induced by DHA enrichment modifies paracellular permeability in Caco-2 cells: protective role of taurine.” We conclude that hydrogen peroxide and peroxynitrite may be involved in the DHA-induced increase in paracellular permeability and that the protective role of taurine may be in part related to its capacity to counteract the effects of hydrogen peroxide.
Fish oil is also commonly used to treat conditions such as Rheumatoid arthritis, high blood pressure, ADHD, menstrual pain, hardening of the arteries or kidney problems. These conditions can be improved by improving blood flow, which omega-3 fatty acids in the blood stream. There is also some evidence that fish oil may help with conditions such as chest pain, liver disease, migraine prevention, gum infections, breast pain, and muscle soreness due to exercise, skin rashes and stomach ulcers.
According to the National Psoriasis Foundation, fish oil can aid in preventing or slowing heart disease, which is especially great for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis sufferers who are at a higher risk of developing heart disease. (27) When it comes to using fish oil supplements for the alleviation of psoriasis symptoms, studies have been mixed with some showing improvement but others showing no effect. If you suffer from psoriasis, you may want to try a fish oil supplement, or else I highly recommend that you make sure to have fish rich in omega-3s regularly.
This information is not designed to replace a physician's independent judgment about the appropriateness or risks of a procedure for a given patient. Always consult your doctor about your medical conditions. Vertical Health & EndocrineWeb do not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Use of this website is conditional upon your acceptance of our user agreement.
Scaly, itchy skin (eczema). Fish oil might help PREVENT eczema, but research is not consistent. Some early research suggests that mothers who take fish oil supplements during pregnancy reduce the risk of severe eczema in their infants. Also, population research suggests that children who eat fish at least once weekly from 1 to 2 years of age have a lower risk of developing eczema. But other research, including recent studies, suggests that neither supplementation during pregnancy nor supplementation during infancy reduces the risk of eczema. Overall, research suggests that fish oil does not help TREAT eczema once it has developed.

Easy simple recipes that are all about the flavour. As a mother of 3 small kids, most of my recipes are child friendly showcasing a wide range from different global cuisines.
Curry leaves can stay up to a month in the fridge if removed from the stalk and stored in a glass jar.
When you get the curry leaves from the supermarket, remove the stalk and leave to dry on a tea towel for 10 mins or so (or alternatively pat them dry with a tea towel).
Store in a glass bottle. You can line the inside with a kitchen paper towel if you like, or once in a while remember to wipe the moisture inside and pull out any blackened leaves.
Make sure you do not overcrowded them in the bottle or it will encourage moisture to collect faster. Here in Dubai we get big packets of them, so I sometimes use 2 bottles if required.
This picture was taken after more than 15 days of being in the fridge. Neither it's flavour nor its colour was compromised.
Love all things food. Check out my blog at Erica's Yummy Food to get simple easy recipes that are child friendly too.
This blog by Bill Drew the Librarian has been shared a lot by my peers in my 9005 Management class. As a group of MLIS students and aspiring librarians, I think this post strongly resonates with all of us. Among the may things we are taught in this program is to think creatively, be innovative, and share ideas but the points in Bill Drew’s post seems to suggest that the opposite often takes place in an actual workplace setting (we are no longer in Kansas, er….library school, anymore it would seem).
We talk about a lot of different issues in 9005 including workplace org culture, generational diversity, different personalities (we all did the Myers-Briggs test), and conflict resolution. While it may seem to many that learning how to properly catalog, do reference interviews or build a website may seem like crucial library skills we must all acquire, I think the skills learned in 9005 will be more beneficial to us when we get into the workplace and have to deal with some of the issues mentioned in Bill Drew’s post.
As I am nearing graduation and (hopefully) entering the workplace in the not-so-distant future, I hope that I am lucky enough to end up in a workplace that encourages out-of-the-box thinking, new ways of doing things, and allows new librarians room to grow but also learn from their more experienced peers. However, even in such an encouraging environment, you are likely to come up to people who do not like change and may butt heads with you if you propose something even moderately revolutionary but part of the challenge is learning how to communicate with your colleagues, compromise on how things should be done, and learn to listen to other people’s opinions and hope they can offer you the same courtesy. Of course I want to be taken seriously as I enter the workplace in a professional role but young millennials can’t just barge into a new workplace and expect that all their ideas will be listened to either. While it may be disheartening to know you are being stifled, it is important to try and stay positive and keep reminding yourself of why you got into librarianship int he first place (i.e. to help people, make information accessible, advocate for information literacy, etc.) and find your own way to have that positive impact. If you find you are not able to do that at your current workplace, then perhaps it is time to move on to a new institution who allows you to spread your wings a little.
Posted on March 18, 2014 by erinclupp	| Tagged Bill Drew the Librarian, generational diversity, Myers-Briggs, new grads, new librarians, org culture, part2, workplace conflict	| Leave a reply
As a history enthusiast, I really enjoyed learning about the evolution of the library profession in my 9005 Management course and how the profession has changed over the past century. We watched this really interesting vocational video about librarianship from 1947, which gives a good insight about the roles and responsibilities of librarians in the immediate post-WWII era, what kinds of educational requirements are needed, and job prospects for aspiring librarians in the mid-20th century.
In some ways, not much has changed in the past half century in the library profession. In 1947, the educational requirements were a university degree and attend a specialised library school, while in 2014, the same is true except the requirement is now a Master’s degree in Library and Information Science (MLIS/MIS/MLS). That is not surprising in that educational requirements for many jobs have increased to at least have a basic college or university degree, but the specialised degree in library school is still the minimum requirement to be a librarian then and now. Another thing that remains true in the field of librarianship are the soft skills required to excel in the profession. While the demand for hard skills may change as technology advances, the human side of the profession remains unchanged as librarians need to have excellent interpersonal skills and must deliver exceptional reference services to patrons. Having a love for books/information and people is as relevant in the 21st century as it was in the 1940s, even if librarians now use electronic databases and digital resources.
However, some aspects that are different in the profession are the range of job titles and specialisations that exist nowadays and the availability of jobs during this time of austerity and economic uncertainty. In the video, the narrator describes five main types of librarians: (1) Catalogers; (2) Reference Librarians; (3) Circulation Librarians; (4) Children’s Librarian; and (5) School/Academic Librarians. The video also mentions subject specialists, special librarians (i.e. Hospital Librarian), and Library Administrators as potential job titles but this small pool of traditional library roles is tiny in comparison to the wide range of positions that can be found today. Fellow MLIS blogger Mia Breitkopf writes about job-seeking possibilities for MLIS graduates in her blog “Information Space”. In one of her posts, she lists 61 non-traditional library jobs for MLIS graduates, showing the breadth of job opportunities available for the profession. Many of these newer positions are attributed to the rise in technological uses in libraries and information settings, which did not exist in the 1940s. During my MLIS, there has been a lot of discussion about the death of the library profession due to technological improvements but based on this list, it seems that technology has only helped expand the profession into areas never before thought possible. Some examples of job titles she lists include Information Resources Specialist, Digital Reference Librarian, Documentation Specialist, Metadata Librarian, Digital Archives System Administrator, and Data Management Analyst.
One aspect of the video that was surprising and a little disappointing was that it talked about the healthy job prospects and career opportunities for library students during the 1940s and an increasing need for “thousands of librarians”. In the age of mass budget cuts to library and cultural institutions, free internships, part-time and contract positions, and insurmountable student debt to get an MLIS degree, the job prospects for new librarians in 2014 looks quite different from 70 years ago. It would seem that the “Golden Age” of traditional librarianship (whatever that might have been) has passed and a new age of non-traditional, technology-based librarianship is being ushered into the 21st century. However, this cross-disciplinary approach to managing libraries and information will hopefully benefit new MLIS grads and perhaps the job market is not as bleak as it may initially seem. With a little creativity and thinking outside the box, MLIS grads can develop the hard technological skills to excel in a tech-heavy information position, while still utilising their invaluable interpersonal skills to serve clients and provide reference services. Regardless of the job title, this is one aspect of librarianship that is likely always going to remain the same.
Posted in Professional	| Tagged 1940s, 21st century, careers, hard skills, historical, job market, LIS profession, One t, part2, professional values, soft skills	| Leave a reply
Since this is my professional blog, it seemed appropriate to upload a copy of my C.V. which highlights my professional achievements. I have varied interests and have experience working and volunteering in archives, libraries, museums, hospitals, non-profit organisations, and large corporations. While I am open to all sorts if career possibilities, I am trying to pursue a career specifically related to archives and would love to work with special collections within an academic library, a local history room at a public library, or a corporate or regional archives.
Please feel free to contact me to talk about my experience or any career opportunities! I will also be putting a copy of my C.V. in the revised “My Experience” section.
Peachey is a independent book conservator and bookbinder. He also invents, makes, and sells bookbinding and conservation tools.
Seeking to explain the world from a records perspective; we are all records, but what does that mean?
By clicking the button, you will be raising HelenNNick to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. HelenNNick will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Big data can be described as massive amounts of information that are computer based, which require a great deal of storage to contain on an extremely large scale. In order to consider one has big data, the following outline would act as a point of identifying, think the 5 V's ... these would include:
If all the above are applicable to the user, that user has what would be known as big data. Having such data becomes then a great responsibility. The reason for this is because there is very important information within that not only must be stored but also protected.
ERP systems have such data, and as a result require systems such as the could to contain them. The cloud must be secured as well because on large scales such as these, it is very valuable information.
Who would have big data would likely be large companies or businesses that over time, compile a great deal of data through systems such as ERP. It is important to them because they not only need to store it safely on something like a secured cloud, but they also have to be able to locate this information when they need it.
Organizations would also be a large contributor to big data. Its important to note that such data is not only used in a contained environment such as a business, but also by the general public. In that sense, everyone has access to some type of big data, in one way or another. It is for these reasons that it should be treated carefully and properly.
Data mining is the computational process that involves a wide variety techniques in statistics being applied to big data sets usually to discover patt ... read more
Released in 1995, MySQL was developed by Oracle Corporation. It was created by MySQL AB, a Swedish company founded by David Axmark, Allan Larson and M ... read more
Hadoop is a type of massive storage used to contain big data. Its open sourced software framework also runs several applications simultaneously, handl ... read more
Welcome to the tutorial about SAP service master. Service management is procurement of intangible goods by a company. Procurement of services have some differences from the normal procurement process where goods are physically stored and handled. This tutorial is part of our free SAP MM Training course.
Services purchased by a company may include machine repair, maintenance, plumbing, cleaning, housekeeping and other similar services essential for the working of the company.
SAP service master is the record where the service description along with the unit of measure is stored as master data.
Planned Services. In planned services, the nature of the service is known beforehand and hence it is planned. Specifications for procurement like quantity and price are known in advance.
Unplanned Services. In unplanned services, the nature of the service is not clear beforehand and hence it is unplanned. Specifications of procurement like quantity and price are not possible in advance. These services can be extended as per the requirement.
SAP service master is the master data in SAP where all the details about the services procured from the vendor or service contractors are stored.
SAP service master data is stored at the client level. Hence, it is available for all plants in the SAP system. It is not necessary to extend it to individual plants since it is available at the client level. SAP service master record can be created by using transaction AC03.
Activity Number is generated automatically once SAP service master record is created. The configuration for this will be discussed in this tutorial. In the screenshot below, we can see the service activity number is 100320.
Service Description is where we describe the kind of service for which SAP service master data is created. In our example, we entered Service 999.
Service category is similar to the material group we use in stock materials. The steps on how to configure the same is discussed in this tutorial. In our example, we used SERV as a service category.
When we create a service purchase order, it is possible to enter short text. If we check this field, then we allow the short text to be changed subsequently. Here we have Unchecked this field as seen in the screenshot below.
If deletion indicator is checked, then the service master record is flagged for deletion. Here it is Unchecked as seen in the screenshot.
This icon is used when we want to hide or display the overview of all services which can be seen on the left of the screen in AC03. Right now, it is in display mode as can be seen above.
In the Purchasing Data tab, we enter the Purchasing Status and choose from the options seen below. Normally we would enter 10 since it is IN WORK and enter validity date to indicate when it is valid from.
In the Long Text field, we can enter all the details about the service. We can also load or save the text as a local file (buttons are highlighted on the screenshot).
Now that you know how to create SAP service master record, let’s talk about configuration that influences service master functionality in SAP. A few basic configuration activities related to SAP service master records are as follows:
SAP service number range specifies the number range of the Service Activity Number. The activity number is automatically generated once the service master record is created. The following configuration is done using the transaction ACNR.
Service Category defines the characteristics of the services provided. We entered the Service Category SERV during SAP service master record creation. The transaction for service category configuration is OMV1. The path in SPRO is the following:
In the below screenshot. we can see the Service Category is linked with Account Category Reference 0006 (Services) and the description is entered. We can also create a customized entry as per our requirement.
Field display configuration helps to define status of each field during SAP service master creation. We can choose from the following statuses as seen below.
Valuation Class and Account Category Reference have to be setup in the transaction OMSK. The valuation class of 3200 for services that was entered during service master creation can be configured here.
If we click the Account Category Reference button seen above, the system will show the following screen. The default Account Category Reference for services is 0006. This account category reference is also linked to the Service Category during the configuration which we have seen above. We can also create customized new entry of the same.
If we click the Valuation Class button, it is possible to link the Valuation Class to Account Category Reference as seen in the below screenshot. As a result of this configuration, SAP service master records with a particular Service Category can have only Valuation Classes permitted by the assignments made in the customizing.
Did you like this SAP MM tutorial? Have any questions or comments? We would love to hear your feedback in the comments section below. It’d be a big help for us, and hopefully it’s something we can address for you in improvement of our free SAP MM tutorials.

College girl, loves men and women too open to couples and.If you are looking for a professional free online sex magazine to fullfil your spare time at home, hot petite women, since that is one of the things that you can see on - the hottest website when it comes to beach girls nude who love to. years ago xHamster pregnant hairy Pregnant Black Beauty Getting Fucked. Sania mirza nue british hot naked babe ebony sex goddess naked first night nood sex freeoutdoorporn fuck teen bus maite perrony video porno marathi mom and son fuck naked group of fathers perfect nude teacher petit teens loosing virginity. If you responded in the affirmative to both of those questions, then the dating and hookup app known as wild is looking for.
Teacher craft of hook up lyrics offer nissim writing, a do guy and are a willing to. Elizabeth anne was born in houston, texas and her humble american upbringing has contributed to the submissive personality so many of her fans.
Dating your brothers ex-girlfriend our third, he told me he was only interested in a committed without limitation, they brothers ex-girlfriend not be liable for any dating your brothers profits, lost savings or any consequential. She is slut and deserves punishment for. Endless hours of sweet porn for you and everybody step inside and enjoy our natural tits.
Old man licking and toying his sons gf. Find out if denise richards was ever nude, where to look for her nude pictures and how old was she when she first got. Teen cunnilingus porn most recent most viewed top rated longest. These are the best opening lines for a dating app people were not particularly good at predicting what opening lines work keep up with the.
Pregnant hot enjoyed minLawanaxxx.k Views. Tinder is one of the most popular apps for finding a person to hook up with however, if its not working for you then check out some of these other apps like tinder for hookups. Bisexual intercourses in high definition porn videos available free of charge for every big fan of this.

Bosha Bombe, an associate researcher at Arba Minch University (Ethiopia) and a regular collaborator of CFEE, discusses about his investigations about slavery and the social status of former slaves in South Western Ethiopia – a fieldwork he had lead between 2012 and 2014. Bosha Bombe’s works represents a significative contribution to a topic which is still poorly discussed in the literature on Ethiopian societies. With the support of CFEE, Bosha Bombe has participated to the international conference Slafco2014: Slavery in Africa: past, legacies and present, organised in Nairobi in October 26 – 28, 2014.


Once, the Electric Boys were the hottest thing to come out of Sweden. They had just released their second version of their debut album, Funk-o-Metal Carpet Ride and recorded some new songs for that one with then hotshot producer Bob Rock for the American market and were armed and ready for a world-wide launching. The album did ok, but when it was time for the so important follow-up, they overdid just about everything. The album in question, Groovus Maximus, was a really good album but contained far too many songs and the simplicity that made the debut so good, now felt over produced and strained. Guitarist Franco Santunione and drummer Niclas Sigevall then jumped the ship and left band leaders Conny Bloom (lead vocals, lead guitar) and Andy Christell (bass) to themselves. They replaced Nic and Franco with Martin Thomander (guitar) and Thomas Broman (drums), released the half arsed Freewheelin’ which failed completely and the band split. For forever, we all thought. Conny formed the good, but ill-fated Titanic Truth, laid that down and released a couple of great solo albums and then he and Christell joined Hanoi Rocks for two albums. When Hanoi called it quits, Bloom and Christell decided it was time to see if there was any life left in Electric Boys. Sigevall and Santunione joined in and a tour proved that the boys still had what it takes and the next step was of course, a new album.
And what a killer album they made. This is the logic follow-up to their debut. All the elements of a good Electric Boys record are here. Apart from killer songs we get the funked up hard rock mixed with mid sixties Beatles influences that were the Boys brand from get go. The production is very much in your face and down to earth with a raunchiness and groove that is so important for a band like this. Opener ”Referlord” is a butt kicker, ”My Heart’s Not For Sale” is a classic Electric Boys tune with a hot groove and first single ”Father Popcorn’s Magic Oysters” (???) has that Beatles-esque melody with a funky groove. Typical Electric Boys sounding and it should be a hit. ”10 000 Times Goodbye” is a killer ballad, maybe their best ballad yet. ”The House Is Rockin’” swings like crazy, ”Welcome To The High Times” might be the funkiest track they ever recorded and ”Rollin’ Down The Road” is a fine groover, perfect as company while driving in your car with the roof down on a hot summer day.
This might just be one of the best come back albums in a long, long time. It sounds exactly how I want them to sound, the way they knocked me off my rocker some 25 years ago. This is Electric Boys’ best album since their debut and every song on here will work excellent live. Hopefully, they will keep on going and release more albums, because I’m sure there is more where this came from.
When their first couple albums came out, they were just on the periphery of what was getting a lot of airplay here. Also being in a medium-sized town records like this were sometimes hard to find. So I never really heard the first two, just the singles/videos that were sometimes played.
Ok. So you missed out then. If you can find Funk-O-Metal Carpet Ride and Groovus Maximus cheap, then buy them. I can almost guarantee that you will like them a lot. Buy this one as well, if you can. It’s their best album to date.
Relationships and Emotion written by Sadhguru, are two books in one volume. It is a good combination because you can’t have relationships without emotion and vice versa. These books are for people who want to live their life free from the tyranny of emotions which make and break our relationships.
I didn’t know much about Sadhguru​ or his philosophy before these books came my way. These books questioned and shattered some illusions I had all my life​. I wasn’t willing to part with them because there is comfort in the familiar but they don’t work for me so it’s time to let them go.
We are all a little less rational (or not at all) when it comes to our emotions and how we conduct our relationships. Life amounts to nothing without the connections we have forged and yet we struggle with them. In the introduction he talks about how easily bond can become bondage. So with that thought I delved into the book and got some surprising insights. The book is mostly in question and answer format which makes it relatable to the masses since most of us are looking for answers to the same questions.
In the first chapter, Within Four Walls, Sadhguru talks about love, the nature of romantic relationships, marriage, reproduction and parenting. He also talks about the nature of bondage in each scenario and the level of detachment needed to live in this world with joy.
The reason why you go into love is because it is supposed to bring you blissfulness. Love is not the goal; blissfulness is the goal.
The second chapter named Friend or Foe is a misnomer because he talks not only about what friendship means and who is a true friend, but also about who’s a leader and what is leadership. Through a story he aptly shows that friendship cannot be sustained if it’s superficial and built only on commonality. Haven’t we all experienced it – losing ‘friends’ as soon as we changed schools, colleges, workplaces, cities and realized that there’s connecting us together?
In Cosmic Connect, the cyclical nature of life is discussed when a question is asked why the same emotion, situation, pattern keeps on repeating in our lives. He explains the cyclical nature of life and how we go about it depends on what we want from life.
In the last chapter Beyond Life and Death​ he asks us why we crave relationships. I appreciate Sadhguru saying that some people won’t be able to function to their optimum if they are not bound by a relationship. He also states that different people have different needs and marriage or an intimate relationship might not work for everyone.
I understood the nature of time and space because of the way we relate to our bodies, and how it relates to life and death but didn’t understand the difference between intelligence and intellect the way Sadhguru explained it.
eternaloxymoron	bliss, bondage, emotion, illusions, Isha Foundation, Jaico, knowledge, lessons, liberation, life, love, marriage, meaning, parenting, perspective, real world, reality, relationships, ruminating, Sadhguru, spiritual, truth	Leave a comment Apr 30, 2018 May 23, 2018 5 Minutes	
There are few movies where I immediately want to go back to the world it portrayed and my first thought after watching Shoojit Sircar’s October was just that – I have to watch it again. This is not a movie review but a discussion. Spoilers ahead.
For some reason October reminded me of The Big Sick (another movie I wanted to see again as soon it finished) even though the leads Dan and Shiuli aren’t romantically inclined like the real life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily Gordon in the former. Perhaps because like The Big Sick, October dealt with something catastrophic happening out of the blue with humour.
I am foolish. I am naive. I am easily irritated. I am moody. I get affected by things which most people shrug off without a care. I am frequently annoying and have been known to speak out of turn when I should have kept my head down and stare at my feet. I hold on and be direct in the wrong-est of situations, and do things because I want to without thinking of returns in the hope of things working out even when there’s no chance of it. In short your typical Aries. (No better time than Aries season to embrace who I am.) So I could relate to Dan’s character in the film October more than I’d like to admit.
I don’t believe October is about a romantic relationship of any kind. Affection, connection and love are different things. But people have always seen what they wish to see. Although Dan and Shiuli work in the same hotel they had barely interacted with each other outside of work when she was conscious. Most of their interactions are after the accident. Shiuli cannot reciprocate Dan’s affection or repay what he has done for her but he continues tirelessly without hoping for much, a little (flash of) recognition maybe, and, of course, her recovery.
Dan finds a cause which changes the direction of his life. He insinuates himself into something which actually isn’t any of his business. And through this obstinacy and refusal to even admit a negative outcome or become jaded he actually gives hope to a family in a trying time, in a situation devoid of much hope.
Why did he fight for her? The world asks him why does he care so much. Can’t he get a grip on himself? Why is he so affected? To which he says how can you be so unaffected! They see him throwing his life away for a girl he barely knew because of something she said before the accident. They were colleagues not friends. It is perhaps feeling for someone who met a grisly end for no fault of her own and caring because they got the rough end of the deal which could have easily happened to him. Though I am the last person on the planet to admit this, I have seen enough of life to acquiesce that some occurrences in life cannot be explained in rational terms.
Setting the movie in a hospital is bound to connect with people. There is no one in the world untouched by sickness or hasn’t been a patient or a caregiver and dealt with such things in a family member or a relative. And though they are not happy places for me, I have made my peace with them. Knowing about medicines, chit chatting with the staff while waiting for the doctors felt like familiar territory.
Gitanjali Rao is outstanding as the mother of Shiuli trying to hold it together when faced with mounting hospital bills and imminent death of her eldest child. Her children, Shiuli’s siblings, go to tuitions and study in the hospital and she continues to take classes at IIT Delhi, sticking to their routines for the sake of sanity. I have loved her stunning short films as an animator and now adore her as an actor.
The cinematography by Avik Mukhopadhyay is amazing; the quiet moments never drag but allow you to appreciate what is unfolding with an intensity that is immersive. The changing of seasons while circumstances in life’s barely keep pace with it is captured well. It took me back to a time in my life when I couldn’t do much except note the passage of seasons. This is what good cinema does, you experience the film and connect it with the story of your life.
eternaloxymoron	Aries, Avik Mukhopadhyay, Banita Sandhu, characters, coma, connection, Dhobi Ghat, Gitanjali Rao, growing up, Gustavo Santaolalla, hope, hospital, humour, Juhi Chaturvedi, life, meaning, movie talk, movies, October, optimist, Piku, pragmatist, Shantanu Moitra, Shoojit Sircar, sickness, truth, Varun Dhawan, vulnerable	2 Comments Apr 18, 2018 May 23, 2018 5 Minutes	
I loved Alice Hoffman’s Here on Earth and I have come to expect lyrical prose and magical realism in her work. I am not a fan of magical realism as such but hers I gobble up like a plate of hot Top Ramen noodles (read the fragrance of childhood). Poetry, magic, fate everything I have never understood and can’t put into words, Alice Hoffman does it with ease like she has done it all her life, which she has, but it always takes me by surprise.
I usually steer clear of misery or negativity in pop culture unless I think I can handle it. And Alice Hoffman should be read when you can handle her prose. Her words pierce your soul. She wrings out emotions and feelings you never thought you had. The storyline is easy to follow but the themes are weighty. The Ice Queen deals with matters of life and death and everything in between that constitutes the business of living. She writes fairy tales for adults but don’t be fooled into thinking that it would be simple or straightforward.
I took the book with me when I was travelling but somehow I could sense it wasn’t the place for it and I read very little. And I didn’t want to read the book at breakneck speed because I wanted to inhabit the words of this book until I absorbed its essence.
Like many reviewers I agree there isn’t an extra word in The Ice Queen. She covers so much in 211 pages. It is a sentimental tale but the ending is unpredictable. At the centre of the story is an unlikeable protagonist – the unnamed narrator, who is a librarian and a lightning survivor. Something happened when she was a child and and she has allowed it to colour her entire life. Lightning has always fascinated me but this scared me, the damage it can do to your system if you have the misfortune to be struck by it. Her character changes in a fundamental way and she sees herself differently by the time the book ends and so did I. Alice Hoffman makes you feel for her and in spite of everything you root for her. Deep down we are all dreamers.
The Ice Queen is a book about life and death, and about love and hate. It is a book about secrets and their power to define us if we let them.
Secrets are only knowledge that hasn’t yet been uncovered… Therefore, they are not in fact secrets but only unrealized truth.
The Ice Queen is about all kinds of love – love between siblings (blood ties can’t be so easily dismissed), love between people who have survived the same thing, love between people who are married and their lives tied together in ways unimaginable and love that remains even when the object of affection has vanished into thin air. (Not literally true but I wanted to use it because I am feeling theatrical today!)
Feel lucky for what you have when you have it. Isn’t that the point? Happily ever after doesn’t mean happy forever. The ever after, what precisely was that? Your dreams, your life, your death, your everything. Was it the blank space that went on without us? The forever after we were gone?
The Ice Queen tells me things find their own way to fruition if it’s meant to be. And to have an open heart and appreciate the present. Nothing I didn’t know but how many of us actually live fully in the present?
eternaloxymoron	Alice Hoffman, be careful what you wish for, beautiful, beginning, book talk, books as friends, chaos theory, characters, darkness, decision, dusk, fairy tale, faith, family, fate, fear, friendship, hate, heartache, heartbreak, in between, librarian, lightning, loneliness, looking for answers, loss of innocence, love, magical realism, marriage, obsession, old soul, poetry, relationships, sadness, saving yourself, secrets, siblings, survivor, truth, wife, working woman	Leave a comment Feb 28, 2018 Mar 29, 2018 7 Minutes	
There are no words to express the way you feel when you hold the hand of an eleven year old, let her take charge and be your guide. For a few moments I felt like the schoolgirl I had once been, carefree, innocent and oblivious to what the world looked like to grownups. I thought I had left that self far behind but it was hiding in the open underneath the veneer of adulthood. I desperately hope (in spite of knowing that it will) growing up doesn’t rob her of her curiosity.
This child was knowledgeable about the technicalities of photography and that impressed me, I am still an amateur photographer years after professing interest in photography as a hobby. There lies the difference. It is more than a hobby for her. She is passionate about it.
I took to her immediately. Our vibes matched. It would appear strange when I say that because I am a world weary adult (even though I cringe while saying it) and she’s a bright kid. My inner child connected with her and perhaps in her I could see a glimpse of the happy-go-lucky child I used to be.
I have always connected well with children. At the same time, I have been told by my older friends that I am far too mature for my age. I am an old soul with a young heart. And only with a Gemini it won’t be a conundrum.
She was cheerful, restless and bubbling with enthusiasm like children are. It was something I could not have asked for but got in spades interacting with her that day. I was not supposed to meet her but she had come with my friend and how funny it was her that made my day.
The same night I found a book I had been looking for ages, Oliver Jeffers’ The Heart and the Bottle. I don’t have to tell you that the illustrations are beautiful because it’s a book by Oliver Jeffers. It talks about a girl shutting herself away from the world because something bad happened to her. To live and to just exist are two different things. She allowed grief to overwhelm her and forgot to live until a little girl shows her what she was missing, just by being herself, full of life and not being afraid of the future (the great unknown for most of us unless you are a seer). I was that little girl but I don’t want to be that adult. Finding the way to yourself, and discovering who you are, isn’t that the purpose of life?
Life mirrors art. Art mirrors life. And we continue to live on trying to find meaning in the things we do.
Yesterday I read an insightful interview about Oliver Jeffers’ new book Here We Are which comes out today. The cover looks stunning and I cannot wait to read it.
eternaloxymoron	a picture is worth a thousand words, art, book talk, books as friends, childhood, children, Gemini, heartache, Here We Are, home is where the heart is, hope, idealist, kindness, lessons, life, loneliness, meaning, old soul, Oliver Jeffers, perspective, serendipity, The Heart and the Bottle, truth, warmth	Leave a comment Nov 19, 2017 Nov 28, 2017 2 Minutes	
What do you to say to someone, who is a new acquaintance and has no idea where you come from, and thinks that she sees you as you are (how is a conversation or two enough to know a person that I will never know but yes there are exceptions), sees so much potential in you that you wonder if you know yourself at all (lasts for one shaky moment and then it passes as quickly as it had come), and wonders out loud (while you are standing right there) about what are you doing with your life. What’s the plan now? I am sick of this question and I suppose people are sick of waiting for me to figure things out.
It is in everyone’s best interest to shrug it off and run as fast from the conversation and the person in question. I will run as fast as my hypermobile joints will carry me and as long as I don’t end up in a hospital, it should be fine. On a completely unrelated note, it’s true the sure thing boat does not take you anywhere and even if you can’t run your own life, you can at least run away from it, and wallow in self pity. Till life smacks you back into place and drills some sense into your stubborn skull, beyond which there is hopefully a receptive and working brain.
An acquaintance was shocked when I said that I had decided not to work in the field I was interested in at the moment and she took it to mean forever. Why are people so quick to jump to conclusions and worse, they think they have all the facts? It is difficult to explain the present as it is, forget about the past. It has taken years (basically all my life) to become the person I am today.
How do you explain the many false starts and disappointments? How being ill played spoilsport and took away even the will to live? They cannot be so casually dismissed and taken so lightly as people do. Words fail to communicate where and when they are needed the most.
Keeping mum is the only thing to do here since explanations will always fall short. Trust me, I have tried explaining and it serves no purpose other than making me look like a babbling idiot, frothing slightly at the mouth with a glint in my eyes (She is gone bonkers is what they believe and I do nothing to convince them otherwise). Total radio silence is sometimes the best thing.
But if you can bask in the glory of nothingness and be at peace with where you are in life, and proclaim it gleefully to the world then there is nothing better than that. Sit back and enjoy the puzzled looks on their faces as they try to reconcile what they see with what they know about your situation, and how you should feel.
eternaloxymoron	acquaintance, decision, growing up, hope, illness, life, note to self, nothingness, people, real world, silence, story of my life, truth, winter, words	Leave a comment Dec 5, 2016 Oct 27, 2017 2 Minutes	

I've noticed some trends recently that have the potential to spark big changes in agencies' information technology practices:
' Peer-to-peer applications could break the current Internet business model. Napster, Gnutella and Uprizer are pioneers in sharing online computers as both clients and servers. Lots of new apps are developing for all kinds of file types, which could spark a huge demand for bandwidth to the always-connected systems, followed by provider price increases. Government offices that lease both dial-up and permanent connections could feel the pinch.
' Government-specific Extensible Markup Language tag sets finally could become a reality. Take at look at xml.gov. Many government data centers have experimented with XML, but the idea of developing schemas to shuttle data among departments and eliminate duplicate data collections has not taken hold yet because of the massive work involved.
When you visit the site, take the time to fill out the form at xml.gov/efforts_form.cfm?sectionid=9 to make others aware of
' Federal sites are gaining popularity. Ratings giant Jupiter Media Metrix of New York listed three fed sites among its biggest gainers at the end of January. IRS.gov traffic rose 3.6 percent, with a reach of 5.5 percent of the online population and a unique visitor count of 4.52 million. Fedworld.gov traffic rose 2.6 percent, with a 4.1 percent online reach and 3.41 million unique visitors. USTreas.gov enjoyed a 1.5 percent traffic gain, with a 2.7 percent reach and 2.27 million unique visitors. Those numbers are based on sampling and likely do not reflect exact counts as measured by server logs.
' More government sites are accepting online payments through third parties, which frees the government staff from building and maintaining the back-end systems.
For example, Official Payments Corp. of Stamford, Conn., accepts taxes for the IRS, 17 state governments, and 700 counties and municipalities. Such payment processing could easily transfer to other functions, from licenses to court filings to database purchases. Service providers today charge about 2.5 percent to process a payment, and that bite will drop as the service becomes a commodity.
' More governments are adopting Web techniques invented by industry'for example, online auctions. After severe electricity shortages, California's Department of Water Resources recently held a 27-hour reverse auction to find lower-cost energy sources. The department asked bidders to download a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet application from its Web site, print it out, fill it in and fax it back with peak and off-peak energy pricing.
Such auctions have also been used by agencies that buy lots of commodity items, but California took the next step by negotiating several million dollars' worth of energy contracts.
Shawn P. McCarthy designs products for a Web search engine provider. E-mail him at smccarthy@lycos-inc.com.
By providing your e-mail address, you are consenting to receive press releases, quarterly and annual reports, presentations and other information concerning Granite Creek Copper and its affiliates and partners.
Granite Creek Copper (TSX.V: GCX) is an exploration-stage Canadian company in the process of acquiring the STU Copper Project located in an area of well-known mineralization in Canada’s Yukon Territory, approximately 47 kilometers northeast of Carmacks, Yukon Territory and approximately 210 kilometers northwest of Whitehorse. The Property, which consists of 541 contiguous claims covering approximately 11,100 hectares (111 square kilometers), is on trend with the active Minto copper mine approximately 35 kilometers north of the Property, and is directly adjacent to Copper North’s Carmacks Project to the south.
Granite Creek Gold Announces Agreement to Acquire 100% Interest in STU Copper Property in Yukon and Concurrent Financing
In 2002, a survey of weeds in arable crops was set up accross France by the National Plant Protection Organization (network ‘Biovigilance Flore’), which is meant to be a long term project. The primary objective of this survey is to detect and document any change in weed flora due to modifications in cultivation methods (new herbicides, GMO crops, no-tillage systems, etc.). The survey is carried out across 1000 fields chosen to represent the diversity of cultural practices and environmental conditions in arable fields in France. In each field, a ‘relevé’ of all vascular plant species is performed, over a representative area of 2000 m² (40 m x 50 m) and using six cover classes to measure the abundance of each plant. Relevant data about management practices and ecological conditions are also collected. Moreover, a control plot, located in an untreated area adjacent to the survey area, is also surveyed to identify the potential flora (i.e. weeds that would occur if no herbicides were sprayed).
Between 2002 and 2004, ‘Biovigilance Flore’ recorded the presence of about 310 taxa which are considered to be representative of the weed flora in France. The total number of weed species per plot (control plot + treated area) varies from 1 to 58 with a median value of 12 and an average of 13.2 (+/- 0.4). In the treated area, the average number of weed species per field is only 4.2, and 135 plots (about 8%) no longer had any weed species. The untreated control plot area counts 8.5 weed species i.e. about twice as many species as the treated plots. Beyond this brief overview, the richness of the dataset enables: (1) to determine the relative influence of environmental and management factors on weed species composition and (2) to describe and search the underlying ecological rules of weed flora shifts.
(1) Determining the relative influence of environmental and management factors on weed species composition and diversity
A multivariate analysis of data from approximately 700 arable fields was carried out to determine the respective importance of environmental factors and management practices on weed species richness and composition.
This analysis indicated that the major variations in species composition between fields were associated with the following factors (ordered by importance):
crop management: firstly the current crop type and secondly the preceding crop type. Three main weed communities were identified according to sowing periods: winter, spring and summer crops.
soil pH and texture to a lesser degree, resulting in highly contrasting weed communities on basic clay soils compared to those on acidic sandy soils.
climate and geographical position (mainly precipitation and longitude, surprisingly the influence of temperature and latitude was less pronounced).
Species richness also depends on landscape organisation and/or tillage depth. Species richness was 33 % higher in fields located in diversified landscapes surrounded by hedges and meadows than in fields located in open areas, showing that increased landscape complexity enhances species diversity in arable fields. These results open up possibilities for cropping systems with reduced impacts on plant diversity.
This monitoring, conducted over large spatial and temporal scales, allows regular updates of the distribution of weed species in France and the identification of the most problematic species in each crop. An initial review of changes that occurred since the 1970s was undertaken in the five main crop species (maize, oilseed rape, sugarbeet, sunflower and winter wheat).
The most successful species nowadays are Mercurialis annua, Lolium spp., Senecio vulgaris, Cirsium arvense and Sonchus asper that have increased in (almost) all crop types. The large ecological range of these species combined with their ability to make effective use of high nitrogen input and to disperse in the landscape could explain that they have been able to cope with several aspects of agricultural intensification (herbicides, higher amount of fertilizer, competition with the crop, changes in crop rotation, no-tillage systems, etc.).
Some species only increased or decreased in one crop type.;These cases often correspond to species favoured by the lack of herbicide selectivity, e.g. Aethusa cynapium in sugarbeet, Datura stramonium in sunflower, etc.
Legend: + (increasing species);; = (stable species);; - (decreasing species);; + (N) (increasing species not recorded among the top 25 weed species in the 1970s, i.e. dramatic species increase);; - (D) (decreasing species no longer recorded in the top 25 weed species in the 2000s, i.e. dramatic species decline); * characteristic segetal weed species ; # neophyt species (introduced in France after 1500).
It should be kept in mind that even if the frequency and abundance of some species is considered to be decreasing, these species could however remain major weeds (e.g., Alopecurus myosuroides, Papaver rhoeas or Veronica hederifolia in winter crops; Polygonum aviculare or Fallopia convolvulus in spring crops) or could be considered to be serious weeds in particular conditions e.g. Digitaria sanguinalis and Setaria pumila in maize monoculture in Aquitaine.
The use of herbicides cannot explain all changes observed. Other characteristics of weed species (life cycle, competitiveness, etc.) could also be important and should be analyzed through a functional group approach. A functional group gathers a set of plants sharing common biological characteristics as well as common ecological behaviour and/or effects on ecosystem processes. A study conducted in sunflower crops highlighted that nearly two thirds of the increasing species belonged to a single functional group. These species were taller and more nitrophilous (i.e. more competitive), more heliophilous, less sensitive to sunflower herbicides and shared a rapid summer life cycle. In other words, the weed flora occurring in sunflower crops has specialised since the 1970s in favour of ‘sunflower mimicking’ species.
Due to crop rotation, the success of a species in one crop could also have an impact on the following crops in the rotation. For instance, Geranium dissectum increased in winter wheat (although it is well controlled by herbicides in this crop), probably because of its success in oilseed rape which generally precedes winter wheat in the rotation. Some crops can thus be considered as a gateway for ‘new’ weeds in cultivated fields (e.g. oilseed rape for Geranium spp. or Sisymbrium officinale; sunflower for Ambrosia artemisiifolia ; maize for Panicum spp.).
Some ‘new’ weeds such as Ambrosia artemisiifolia, Orobanche ramosa, Cuscuta spp. are monitored through the ‘Biovigilance Flore’ network. Nevertheless, the low density of surveyed fields is unlikely to allow the early detection of new invasive plants.



In this hilarious road trip comedy, a newly single filmmaker (Alex Karpovsky, "Girls") hits the road with an old friend to promote one of his films, but romantic chaos ensues when an adoring fan decides to come along for the ride.

These sketches taken from letters hastily written in the leisure moments of a very busy life make no pretension to literary merit, but are simply a brief record of one person's hospital experience. As such they are republished, with their many faults but partially amended lest in retouching they should lose whatever force or freshness the inspiration of the time may have given them.
To those who have objected to a tone of levity in some portions of the sketches, I desire to say that the wish to make the best of every thing, and send home cheerful reports even from that saddest of scenes, an army hospital, probably produced the impression of levity upon those who have never known the sharp contrasts of the tragic and comic in such a life.
That Nurse Periwinkle gave no account of her religious services, thereby showing a "sad want of Christian experience," can only be explained by the fact that it would have as soon occurred to her to print the letters written for the men, their penitent confidences or their dying messages, as to mention the prayers she prayed, the hymns she sang, the sacred words she rend; while the "Christian experience she was receiving then and there was far too deep and earnest to be recorded in a newspaper.
The unexpected favor with which the little book was greeted, and the desire for a new edition, increase the author's regret that it be not more worthy of such a kind reception,
We feature Alcott's book in our Transcendentalism Study Guide. You may also enjoy Walt Whitman's essay, The Real War Will Never Get in the Books.
TITAN Compact SK-WPZ scales are especially designed as "Pro Portion Scales" for both business and home use. They are dustproof and waterproof, which make them perfect for ultimate hygiene. These portable scales would allow operation virtually anywhere, even in areas without power! SK-WP Scales are fast, accurate and easy to use. All SK-WP models are built to withstand the toughest food service, food processing, chemical and outdoor environments.
A high school graduate in Charlotte, North Carolina, Lemaat Michael has received invitations to attend many of the United States’ major universities, Stanford, Harvard, Princeton, Duke, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Spellman College.
Lemaat received A's in all of her courses, graduated at the top of her class and was valedictorian at her high school’s graduation ceremonies. She chose Stanford University and plans to go to medical school and become a pediatrician. She was born Eritrea and was interviewed by Tewelde of the Tigrigna service.


This article is published under license to BioMed Central Ltd. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.


From a press release: Sesame Street Live’s all-new show, “Make a New Friend,” visits Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-Barre from Friday, March 6 through Sunday, March 8. Tickets for all five afternoon and evening performances are on sale now. A description and preview of the show follows: No matter where you’re from […]
First Night Scranton schedule of events includes music, magic, art, face painting, poetry, clowns, and more
First Night Scranton is back tomorrow night to ring in the New Year with a patriotic theme, and there’s a wide variety of things to do for all ages. The alcohol-free celebration of arts and culture is in its 16th year, and patrons are encouraged, though not required, to wear red, white, and blue this […]
After years of preparation, Harry Connick, Jr.‘s “The Happy Elf” premiered at the Scranton Cultural Center last weekend to great fanfare, and NEPA Scene photographer Robb Malloy stopped by on Wednesday, Dec. 17 just before the opening to capture some moments from the full dress rehearsal run of the show. A description of the musical […]
From a press release: With sold-out audiences across the country begging for more, “50 Shades! The Musical Parody” returns to the Scranton Cultural Center on Friday, Feb. 6 at 8 p.m. The “Fifty Shades of Grey” trilogy has shattered sales records around the globe with more than 100 million copies sold worldwide, and a Universal […]
It’s been a long – but fun – process, and it will all come to a head with a pointy hat on top on Dec. 19 when “The Happy Elf” opens at the Scranton Cultural Center. “The Happy Elf” is a musical comedy by Grammy Award-winning and Tony Award-nominated composer and lyricist Harry Connick, Jr. […]
“The Darling Core” is a title that is both unusual and intriguing, which is also a fair description of what transpires over the next hour. It’s best not to enter this original one-act play knowing too much about it other than its basic premise – Adam and Lilith are a vaudeville duo called the Darling […]
From a press release: “SPANK! The Fifty Shades Parody,” the whip-smart comedy that takes on the naughty fun of the best-selling book and highly-anticipated movie, will be returning to the F.M. Kirby Center in Wilkes-Barre on Friday, March 6 at 7:30 p.m. For those who didn’t catch the show last time, a summary of the […]
Following their first appearance at the Peach Music Festival in Scranton last summer, up-and-coming Boston rock band Hayley Jane and the Primates performed a special concert at the River Street Jazz Cafe in Plains in October, followed by another show at Mountain Sky in Jermyn the next day. In between those gigs, they stopped at […]
From a press release: Mohegan Sun Pocono has announced that it will host a grand opening celebration for the all-new Molly O’Sheas Irish Pub & Eatery in the Wilkes-Barre casino on Saturday, Feb. 3 starting at 2 p.m., preceded by a special ribbon cutting ceremony on Thursday, Jan. 24 at 3 p.m. Located near the […]
After the Mall at Steamtown changed its name to the Marketplace at Steamtown last year, local shoppers have been waiting for the downtown Scranton building to live up to this new moniker. Now, as construction on the former food court nears completion, a new event will welcome people into the space and give them an […]
From a press release: The Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Commerce will host a ribbon cutting for member Candy’s Place to celebrate their 20th year in Forty Fort. The free celebration will be held this Friday, Sept. 29 from 3:30-4:30 p.m., with a ribbon cutting ceremony at 4 p.m. Candy’s Place, a Cancer Wellness Center (190 […]
From a press release: The Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Commerce, the Third Friday Art Walk, and the Downtown Wilkes-Barre Business Association will host the second annual Small Business Christmas in July on Friday, July 21. All day, over 40 small businesses throughout Greater Wilkes-Barre will offer a special deal or discount at their store location, […]
Professionally recorded on Mondays at The Stude in TwentyFiveEight Studios in Scranton and released exclusively on nepascene.com on Tuesdays, the NEPA Scene Podcast is a free supplement to the website, expanding on the arts and entertainment stories covered on the site and going beyond them to discuss other news and entertainment topics. Each week, the […]
For nine full episodes, Jamie Nelson, proprietor of 1Up Games in Forty Fort, and Jim Loomis, founder of Go Left! Records in Edwardsville, have been entertaining NEPA Scene readers with the NEPA Gaming Challenge, putting their skills and egos on the line every week as they challenge each other in various video games across different […]
Jamie Nelson, proprietor of 1Up Games in Forty Fort and lifelong video game collector, and Jim Loomis, founder of Go Left! Records in Edwardsville, are turning the “Let’s Play” video concept on its head! Part vlog, part “Jackass,” and part “Impractical Jokers,” these two friends with a passion for gaming and craft beer are putting […]
HP 81 Dye Ink Cartridges achieve superb, color-rich images on a wide variety of media. Patented inks are designed with the printer to ensure uncompromising print quality, performance, and reliability. Ink formulations support instant dry time to increase productivity and facilitate immediate lamination. Smart Printing technology provides alerts when ink is low and facilitates on-line ordering. Simple installation and reliable operation further enhance productivity and cost-effectiveness.
Brian Dennehy was born on the 9th July 1938, in Bridgeport, Connecticut USA of Irish ancestry, and is an actor widely known for playing a number of supporting roles as a villain in action films and thrillers. However, he is also an experienced stage actor, who among others has won two Tony Awards for his work in theatre, and a Golden Globe Award for his work on television. Dennehy has been active in the entertainment industry since 1977.
How much is the net worth of Brian Dennehy? It has been estimated that the overall size of his wealth is as much as $12 million, as of the data presented in the middle of 2016. Acting is the main source of Dennehy’s fortune.
To begin with, Dennehy studied at Columbia University, New York City, under a scholarship which he received through his sporting achievements as an American Football player. He studied history before moving to Yale, and then he majored in Theatre Sciences. In 1959, Brian went into the US Marines, and served until 1963. Then he decided to pursue a career as an actor.
Dennehy is primarily known as an actor in drama movies. His big breakthrough came with the role of Sheriff Will Teasle in the film “First Blood” (1982) alongside Sylvester Stallone. The film “Cocoon” (1985) saw him as an alien, and then he played a corrupt sheriff in the western “Silverado”, which increased his fame, too. For his role of Willy Loman in Arthur Miller’s “Death of a Salesman” Brian won two Tony Awards in the category of the Best Actor as well as Drama Desk Award. The 1980s was the golden age for the actor as he was the most famous in this period. It was also the period when he began to interpret more leading roles like in the film “Best Seller” (1987) alongside James Woods and “Miles from Home” (1988) alongside Richard Gere. He proved to be one of the best artists after starring in the film by Peter Greenaway “The Belly of an Architect” (1988). For his performance, he won the prize for the Best Actor at the Chicago Film Festival. His net worth grew steadily through the decade.
It should also be noted that Dennehy was nominated for an Emmy Award for his role in the television film “Murder in the Heartland” (1993). In 1999, he was the first male actor who might receive the Sarah Sidon Award for his work in the theatre of Chicago. Moreover, Brian won Golden Globe, Producers Guild and Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work in the television film “Death of a Salesman” (2000). His fame was such the Dennehy was parodied in the series “South Park” and he is mentioned in “The Simpsons” in the episode “Jaws Wired Shut” by the character Apu; these did no harm to his net worth!
The actor also voiced roles in comic productions. He was featured in “Everyone’s Hero” (2006) and “Ratatouille” (2007). Recently, he was in the main cast of the experimental drama film “Knight of Cups” (2015) written and directed by Terrence Malick, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival, but received only mixed reviews. Dennehy was also cast as the main in the police drama series “Public Morals” (2015). In 2016, he appeared in an episodic role in the series “The Blacklist”.
Finally, in the personal life of the actor, Dennehy has married twice. His first wife was Judith Scheff (1959 – 1974). In 1988, he married Jennifer Arnot. He has fathered five daughters, one of them is the actress Elizabeth Dennehy.
Nominations Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or a Movie, Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or a Movie, Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film, Edgar Awards for Best Television Feature/Mini-Ser...
1 I lied about serving in Vietnam and I'm sorry. I did not mean to take away from the actions and the sacrifices of the ones who did really serve there...I did steal valor. That was very wrong of me. There is no real excuse for that. I was a peace-time Marine, and I got out in 1963 without ever serving in Vietnam... I started the story that I had been in 'Nam, and I got stuck with it. Then I didn't know how to set the record straight.
2 It took a long time for me to have any impact in the business because I didn't look like an actor, I didn't sound like an actor.
3 At 68 years old I'm as interested now, if not more so, than I was when I was 24 or 25...[but] if you're sixty-something, pushing 70, the chances of you getting a tremendously fascinating part in the movies are very low, as to be almost negligible, or even in television. But in the theatre, there are still things to do, very interesting, very profound things.
4 [in 1993, on his quitting drinking] I used to be a pretty serious drinker. Heavy in defiance of knowing my family situation, which is chock-full of alcoholism. For a long time I was a functional alcoholic, though it never got in the way of my work. But it affected relationships. I never killed anybody, but I made people unhappy, including myself and people who are extremely important to me, like my kids. It's easy to say I had a wonderful time and a lot of great years, and I did. There were some bad times, too. So that was not a major give-up. That time was due.
1 He was awarded the 1980 Drama-Logue Award for Outstanding Performance in the play, "Says I, Says He," at the Mark Taper Forum Theatre in Los Angeles, California.
2 He was awarded the 2000 Back Stage Garland Award for Outstanding Performance for "Death of a Salesman" at the Ahmanson Theatre in Los Angeles, California .
4 Acting at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Ontario, Canada. Playing the "King of France" in 'William Shakespeare' (I)'s "All's Well that Ends Well", June 19 to August 23. Playing the roles of "Erie Smith" and "Krapp" in the double-bill "Hughie" (by Eugene O'Neill) and "Krapp's Last Tape" (by Samuel Beckett), June 18 to August 31. [June 2008]
8 Chicago, IL: Performing as Larry Slade in the Goodman Theatre production of "The Iceman Cometh" [April 2012]
10 He was awarded the 2012 Equity Joseph Jefferson Award for Actor in a Supporting Role in a Play for "The Iceman Cometh" at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.
11 Participated in OCLC's "Geek the Library" advocacy campaign, appearing on a poster that reads "I geek schooners".
12 He was nominated for a 2010 Joseph Jefferson Award for Actor in a Principal Role in a Play for "Hughie/Krapp's Last Tape", at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.
13 He had been a primary consideration for the original role of Hannibal Lechter in Manhunter (1986), that is, until he recommended Scotsman Brian Cox to director Michael Mann.
14 His football coach and English teacher at Chaminade High School turned him on to both sports and acting. While there he played both tackle and the title role of "Macbeth".
15 He was awarded the 1999 Joseph Jefferson Award for Actor in a Principal Role in a Play for "Death of a Salesman" at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.
17 He was nominated for a 1987 Joseph Jefferson Award for Actor in a Principal Role in a Play for "Galileo" at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.
22 He is the only actor to appear in both Presumed Innocent (1990) and its made-for-television sequel, The Burden of Proof (1992), and plays a different role in each.
24 Has won two Tony Awards as Best Actor (Play) on his only two nominations: in 1999 for a revival of Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman," and in 2003 for a revival of Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night."
28 While performing in "Death Of A Salesman" and "Long Day's Journey into Night" on Broadway, so many of his fans wanted to meet him after the show that producers had to hire extra security to keep the crowds in control near the stage door.
32 He served in the US Marine Corps, but contrary to previous press releases never saw any combat nor was he wounded.
33 On March 14, 1999, three performances of the Broadway production of "Death of a Salesman" had to be canceled because Dennehy had been unable to sleep and didn't feel well. After a check-up in the hospital, he was diagnosed with hypertension.
The 53rd Annual Tony Awards 1999 TV Special Himself - Performer, Presenter: Lifetime Achievement Award & Winner: Best Leading Actor in a Play
The 45th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards 1993 TV Special Himself - Nominee: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Special and Presenter
The 44th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards 1992 TV Special Himself - Nominee: Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Special & Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Special
Bryan Christopher Callen was born on the 26th January 1967, in Manila, Philippines of Italian, American and Irish ancestry. He is a stand-up comedian and actor, who rose to fame as a cast member of the television series “MADTv” (1995 – 1997). In addition, he is a successful screenwriter, but all his efforts have added sums to the outright size of Bryan Callen’s net worth, which he has been accumulating being active in the entertainment industry since 1995.
How rich is the popular actor? It has been estimated by sources that the overall size of Bryan Callen’s net worth is as much as $1.5 million, as of the data presented in early-2018.
To begin with, Bryan was educated at Northfield Mount Hermon School in Massachusetts, USA, and later graduated from the American University in Washington D.C. with a Bachelor’s degree in History.
He started his acting career appearing in the comedy sketch series “MADTv”, created by William Gaines, Fax Bahr and Adam Small, in which Bryan performed a number of impersonations starting with Frank Gifford, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jim Carrey, and ending with Bill Clinton and Al Gore. More, he appeared as himself in the situation comedy series “Caroline in the City” (1995 – 1999) created by Fred Barron, Marco Pennette and Dottie Dartland – Callen was seen in almost 100 episodes. Later, he was seen in such series as “Oz” (1998), “Frasier” (1999), “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation” (2003), “Sex and the City” (2003), and “The West Wing” (2004). Additionally, he created the characters of George Vickery in “7th Heaven” (2004 – 2006), Bilson in “How I Met Your Mother” (2005 – 2009) and Rob Rubino in “Entourage” (2006 – 2007). From 2008 to 2014, Callen wrote scripts for the popular comic crime reality series “truTV Presents: World’s Dumbest…” aired on truTV. He is currently acting in the TV sitcom series “The Goldbergs” (2014 – present), so overall, television is a very significant source of Bryan Callen’s net worth.
Concerning Bryan’s career on the big screen, he appeared in support roles in the films “Mail Bonding” (1995), “Run Ronnie Run” (2002), “Deliver Us from Eva” (2003), “Scary Movie 4” (2006), “Get Smart’s Bruce and Lloyd: Out of Control” (2008) among many others. In 2010 he then starred alongside Mircea Monroe in the feature film “The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It” directed by Craig Moss, and then starred with John Stamos and Michael Rapaport in the comedy film “My Man Is a Loser” (2014) written and directed by Mike Young.
Additionally, Bryan was a co-writer and a co-star of the web series “Dream Crushers” (2009 – 2011). As a guest, he is often invited to appear in various podcasts such as “Ten Minute Podcast” and similar. At the beginning of 2012, Callen launched his own podcast “The Bryan Callen Show”, and he is also one of the hosts of the “The Fighter and The Kid” podcast.
Bryan is still engaged in the type of stand-up comedy with which he began his career. In 2016 he recorded “Never Grow Up”, live at the Irvine Improv, critiqued as his best special to date, and released online in conjunction with “The Fighter and the Kid 3D” web series
Finally, in the personal life of the actor, he has been married to Amanda Humphrey since 2008, so far without children.
1 I've always wanted to be a brooding, deep, dark artist but I can never keep that facade going for more than fifteen minutes. I don't have an inner pain, damn it. My parents were really nice to me. I remember once when I was, like, twenty, I tried to walk around with a scowl. I started frowning and I gave myself a headache. It just didn't work out.
2 Lived overseas until 14 years of age in various countries including: Phillippines, India, Pakistan, Lebanon, Greece and Saudi Arabia because his father was a banker.
Daren Jay Ashba is a musician, producer and songwriter born on 10th November 1972, in Monticello, Indiana USA. He is known for his work with various artists such as BulletBoys, Guns N’ Roses, Neil Diamond, Beautiful Creatures and many others. He is currently the lead guitarist of the band “Sixx:A.M.”.
Have you ever wondered how rich DJ Ashba is? According to sources, it has been estimated that DJ Ashba’s overall net worth is $12 million. Ashba has acquired his wealth by cooperating with many famous stars and artists throughout the years. His two released solo albums have also added to his net worth. Since he is still an active musician, his net worth continues to grow.
Ashba was raised in Fairbury, Illinois by his mother, who was a classically trained pianist. Thanks to her, Ashba started learning about music when he was a toddler. His fascination with music escalated when he turned 18, and he decided to move to Hollywood and pursue his own career. He soon joined the group “Barracuda” and toured with them for two years. Then in 1996 his debut solo album “Addiction to the Friction” was released, but two years later he joined the BulletBoys. During this period he met Joe Lesté with whom he would form a new band in 1999. This newly formed group, with three other members was named Beautiful Creatures, and signed with Warner Bros. to release their debut album by the same name, produced by Marilyn Manson.
His net worth was growing steadily, however, Ashba left the band in 2002 and formed another solo ‘band’ called ASHBA, concentrating on building his solo career. A couple of years later, in August 2007, Ashba released the album “The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack” to critical acclaim, under the name “Sixx: A.M.”, in collaboration with Nikki Sixx and James Michael; their single “Life is Beautiful” reached second place on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks.
In March 2009, it was revealed to the public that Ashba would be the new lead guitarist of Guns N’ Roses; he toured with the band for nearly six years before announcing he was leaving in order to commit to his family and another band, “Sixx:A.M.”. Ashba also co-produced the Mötley Crüe’s album “Saints of Los Angeles” in 2008 for which he co-wrote 11 out of 13 songs. The title track was eventually nominated for a Grammy the same year.
Apart from his career as a musician, Ashba owns two corporations: “Ashba Media, Inc” and “Ashbaland, Inc.”. The first agency is the Agency of Record for Virgin Entertainment whose Megastore, Ashba overlooks thoroughly. On the other hand, he also launched his own creation of clothing and merchandise, called “Ashba Swag”. He closely collaborates with Cody Verona, the CEO of Cengregation of the Forgotton Saints in order to develop the custom Stage Clothing within “Ashba Swag”.
When it comes to his personal life, Ashba met his wife, Colombian model Nathalia Henao, in Rome during a tour with “Guns ‘N’ Roses”, and the couple married in August 2013. Ashba and his wife subsequently appeared in the hit TV show “Tanked”.
Profession Songwriter, Guitarist, Musician, Graphic Designer, Record producer, Composer, Businessperson

Street speaking at Temple Bar, Dublin, 29 November 2013 about the Manning case and promoting public meeting at Trinity College, Dublin, 29 November 2013.
Trailer for Aberystwyth University production of Tim Price’s play where we had a solidarity stall, November 2013
Ciaron and Razz at the Rugby League World Cup, November 2013. Promotional video for raffle, November 2013.
When we buy new device such as Sony 10.4 we often through away most of the documentation but the warranty. Very often issues with Sony 10.4 begin only after the warranty period ends and you may want to find how to repair it or just do some service work. Even oftener it is hard to remember what does each function in Laptop Sony 10.4 is responsible for and what options to choose for expected result. Fortunately you can find all manuals for Laptop on our side using links below.

Before you basically click for more information and go with best black shoes Additional information: black shoes online shopping.
It`s Not About Doing research for the Best black shoes For Sale at all. This Purpose is done! Get rid of reviews! One Point to Go. See The url! Push and GO!
No need to put your trust in my 10 years experience. Rely upon yourself. And choose the best black shoes available to buy.
We’re a little distinct from a variety of other black shoes goods review places for the reason that each one of our item collections are showed in an easy-to-follow format. While we may have looked into a number of black shoes offers in a category, we’ll only show you the most useful picks due to who has amount of time to sort through a number of black shoes products in a marketplace? Our summaries are the perfect variety of black shoes product shop comparison, competent investigation and production info so you can discover the suitable product for you.
Approved-Guide.com is real estate to the most descriptive and handy reviews that you will find on the internet. When shopping black shoes for sale online you will usually find that product information for named items are hazy or imperfect, but we go the excess mile to make sure that you trust just about everything there is certainly to know about your possible purchase decision before you make it. From the appearance of a product to its features we breakdown basically how and just why our picks could be the most logical that youll end up with. The main difference between a good product and a impressive one is in the characteristics, so we study the internet for info in order to bring you the best reviews which people probably can. Here are some of the selling points and features we basically won't compromise on:
Best suited - We only deal with top notch products in our reviews that means you will never have to be nervous that your following purchase wont meet your expectations. What this means is you save time, bucks and effort when you are shopping!
Comprehensive Material - There's always more to discover about black shoes you will certainly pay for, and it is very important to check the finer details just before you check out an internet order. If there are vital differences in the material a product is made from, the design and style or even the amount that the merchandise offers, these details is made easily available so that you can make the best decision appropriate. We will inform you about what materials each product is made from and what their pluses are, the actual proportions of the object are, what color styles it can be organized in, and even category specific guidance such as whether it needs energy or whether it's rechargeable. Each product is packaged with a picture as well, meaning that it will be easier to see what it appears to be before you want to buy it.
Approved-Guide.com is mainly established and continuously upgraded to support you determine and find out more about black shoes online shopping accessible in the marketplace today and are crucial to your day to day personal life in this modernized world. With this universal civilization, the Internet is an particularly great method to obtain information to help you give your daily life a lift. Therefore, it is a highly powerful idea for you to check-out this web site now and again.
We are always there to provide you up-to-date content about the world’s best black shoes online shopping and so many more alternative activities you will definitely find on internet sites today. We handle professional researchers with great experience in their different areas to enable you to get trustworthy information you can extensively use to better the way you live.
We additionally look at multiple reviews from other readers. We have the highest quality products which have many positive, high-rated advisable reviews from other specialists and customers. These reviews are certainly valuable to ensure you get detailed and reliable information.

Gorgeous midtown home with hardwoods, new carpet, vaulted ceilings, brand new heat and air unit and easy access to I-44. Formal dining room, open kitchen with island connecting to large living room with stone fireplace. Rare three car garage!


This is the web interface for the visualization of: Simulation of the ionosphere/thermosphere of the Earth.
Note: Request should be filled within a few minutes to one hour. Only one request can be in the system at a time (whether waiting or executing) for each client IP or email address. Movies and images remain on the ftp server for a week and needs to be downloaded within that time.
Note: Satellite positions are projected onto the selected cut plane if within the selected plot area.
Where: At positions specified: enter positions in Lat. and MLT as comma-separated lists. Use combination of positions in a 2D grid.

The company was founded during 2014 as a result of a partnership.What this means to miners who choose their service is that they can be sure.Other services include mining pools, cloud mining, peer-to-peer lending, exchange-traded funds, over-the-counter trading, gambling, micropayments, affiliates and prediction markets.
Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. Please note that this company is active since 2011 and have very good hash rate and mining.The popularity of cryptocurrencies in Japan continues to grow, with e-commerce and digital services firm DMM moving into the bitcoin mining industry.
Categories: Bitcoin companies Lists of companies by industry Hidden categories: Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pages Commons category without a link on Wikidata.We have first-class specialists in matters related to the development of new methods of crypto mining of Bitcoin and. Mining Max is a cryptocurrency mining company that promises to offer continuous profits from its high-tech mining facility.With cloud mining instead building a costly computer and running a complicated. Bitcoin mining Company Offering Cloud Based Mining Contracts.
At Bitcoin Cloud Mining you can find a detailed list and reviews of as many cloud mining providers as we can find. Buy Bitcoin Worldwide. a Bitcoin mining company based in Stockholm.Become the best Bitcoin miner and learn how to mine Bitcoins with the best Bitcoin mining hardware, software, pools and cloud mining.If you need to discover the best Bitcoin Miner or just want details on the top Bitcoin Mining Hardware then we have all the details.Get started with Bitcoin: find a wallet, buy bitcoin, shop with bitcoin, read bitcoin news, and get involved on the forum.Bitcoin Engineering (CS251P). as an individual or as part of a small group,. and mining.BitClub Network have approx 3.5 % share in bitcoin mining network.
Bitcoin Mining Company Aims at Bringing Bitcoin Mining Closer to the Common People.Hashing24.com is one of the latest bitcoin mining companies with a 100% uptime capacity.The mining game is pretty difficult nowadays, especially if you are trying to earn 4000 Bitcoins in a single year through mining.HashMining is an easy and safe way to purchase hashpower without having to deal with complex hardware and software setup.
After the first full month of operations, the Company is pleased to have delivered on the metrics it outlined on September 13, 2016.GroupFabric makes easy-to-use high-performance mining software.
A sign advertising bitcoin payments in a cafe in The Netherlands in April 2013.Our latest addition of two more income streams in adding Dragon Bitcoin mining to our company.
Coinmint is one of the largest and most trusted Bitcoin cloud mining providers in the world.It may be useful to think of the mining as joining a lottery group,.That makes it appealing to a diverse and sometimes mismatched group that includes tech enthusiasts,.Invest your Bitcoins in Cloud Mining Contracts for the Maximum Returns on your Investment.
Mining Bitcoin Has Become A Ruthlessly Competitive Business. Every ten minutes each machine or group. one would expect the bosses of bitcoin-mining.

Yonas Beyene (CFEE affiliate researcher), Metassebia Bekele and Alemseged Beldados, members of the Association for Research and Conservation of Culture of Hawassa, have lead during three years archaeological, ethnobotanical and historical research on various sites in the SNNPRS region (Ethiopia). They have presented an unpublished statement of their research at CFEE on October 28th 2014, before the publication of a monograph, Recent Archaeological Findings from South Ethiopia, Hawassa, ARCC (2014), a remarkable contribution to the history and historical archaeology of Southern Ethiopia. They present here an overview of their research.


Have you been diagnosed with asthma? You can find a lot of different tips that can assist you deal with asthma in the article below.
TIP! If you have an asthmatic child, do not allow anyone to smoke around him. Secondhand smoke is almost as dangerous to asthmatics as actually smoking a cigarette.
If asthma is something that you are afflicted with, then don’t smoke or immediately quit. Although smoking is bad for all people, it is especially worse for asthma patients because it cuts off the oxygen supply that you need in order for your lungs to function and keep away asthma attacks.
TIP! You need to avoid all of the asthma triggers that you know. Allergens such as dust and pollen can bring on an asthma attack at any time.
If you suffer from asthma, strong cleaning products should be avoided. Cleaning products contain a plethora of chemicals that are triggers to exacerbating symptoms related to asthma, as well as the attacks themselves. Instead of relying on harsh cleaners, check out some organic solutions. They might cost a few dollars more, but the difference is well worth it.
Avoid exposing yourself to any of your known asthma triggers. For many, allergens like dust and pollen, can trigger their attacks. For others, certain physical activities may be the trigger. Try and figure out what gets your asthma started so you know what to avoid.
If you have asthma and cannot afford health insurance or have no eligibility, bring up your situation with a social worker. It is essential that you can buy your asthma medicine, and a social worker might help you find a hospital or clinic that can provide your medicine at reduced cost, or free.
Unscented products are the safest option for those who suffer from asthma. If you are using scented products like perfume, incense, or air fresheners you should up the level of air pollution in your home. New carpet and fresh paint can also emit odors that can irritate the airways. Take all necessary measures to ensure that your home is always filled with fresh, clean air.
Have your rescue inhaler with you at all times, especially when on vacation. Being in odd environments can cause undue stress on your body, which makes you more prone to an asthma attack. While on the road, it is also hard to control the environment you are in, which also makes an attack more likely.
TIP! If you have hay fever or a cold, chances are your asthma treatment will be increased. The effects of some illnesses can exacerbate the effects of your asthma, causing the need for more treatments.
Consider joining a support group, either on or offline. Extremely severe asthma can be debilitating and prevent one from living a full life. By joining a support group, you will be able to discuss new scientific breakthroughs or treatment alternatives with those who are interested.
Asthma is a health condition that usually develops over a period of time, and has symptoms that may not be obvious. There have even been cases where people die from the first asthma attack they had, without knowing they had the condition. Therefore, if you have trouble breathing or a constant cough, you may want to seek a medical professional to determine if you have asthma. Your physician can also determine whether you need medication for either asthma prevention or asthma treatment.
TIP! You need to know what the asthma triggers are so that they can be avoided or treated promptly. Most asthma sufferers have a few common triggers such as smoke, pet dander or pollen.
This article has a ton of tips you could use to control your asthma symptoms. You must remain consistent and persistent with applying the tips found here. If you don’t take care of the warning signs when they arise, asthma can start to affect your life again. Be persistent in the way you follow these asthma tips and you’ll be able to improve your both your health and your quality of life.
Filed Under: Asthma · Tagged: asthma attack, asthma tips, cleaning products, social worker, support group

The Polish president, Lech Kaczynski, has indicated he will not sign the Lisbon treaty until Ireland decides what to do about its No vote, dealing a strong blow to EU attempts to revive the pact. German ratification also went on hold Monday (30 June), pending a Constitutional Court decision expected early next year.
"For now, the treaty question is pointless. It's hard to say how it will end. But to claim there is no union because there is no treaty is not serious," Mr Kaczynski said in an interview with Polish daily Dziennik published on Tuesday, when asked if he would help pressure Ireland by signing the text.
"The principle of unanimity is binding here," he added, explaining that Poland must protect small EU countries' rights as it is not a major power itself. "If the principle of unanimity is broken once it will cease to exist forever. We are too weak to accept this kind of solution."
The remarks come after weeks of public speculation by presidential aides that Lisbon ceased to exist when Ireland voted No in June, despite calls by France, Germany and Polish prime minister Donald Tusk for the other 26 EU states to continue ratification to help force an Irish re-vote.
The Polish parliament passed the treaty in April, but Mr Kaczynski must now sign a Ratification Act to finalise the process.
The president told Dziennik his general approach to EU diplomacy is to give Poland more clout by protecting national interests. "My politics is a way to make sure the telephone number of the Polish president or prime minister is frequently used by Berlin, Paris, London or other capitals," he said.
The Lisbon treaty had already suffered a setback on Monday, when German president Horst Koehler refused to sign the document until the country's Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe rules on two legal challenges by right-wing MP Peter Gauweiler and leftist party Die Linke.
"The president is respecting the request of the Constitutional Court," Mr Koehler's office said in a statement, putting German chancellor Angela Merkel in an awkward position after she personally urged EU states to ratify Lisbon as a response to the Irish crisis.
The German parliament wrapped up ratification in May but German daily Spiegel predicts the court will not give its verdict until early 2009. "The Bundespresident has given the wrong signal by not signing," Handelsblatt cited the Social Democratic Party spokesman, Axel Schafer, as saying.
Mr Gauweiler filed his challenge on 24 May with the help of law professor Karl-Albrecht Schachtschneider, in a repeat of his attack on the EU constitution in 2005. The pair says the Lisbon treaty's Article 48 weakens German people's rights by allowing the EU to change its rules without permission from national parliaments.
Die Linke's challenge, announced on 27 June, also argues that Lisbon undermines democracy and targets defence aspects of the pact. "This false, soulless and militaristic treaty will endanger the EU," the party's Diether Dehm said last week.
The Polish and German developments intensify a headache for the French EU presidency, which takes over the EU helm today (1 July) and which had wanted to focus on climate change, Mediterranean rim foreign policy and building up EU military capacity instead.
French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner on Monday tried to put pressure on the Czech Republic to ratify Lisbon, with Prague also struggling with a constitutional court challenge and a eurosceptic majority in the parliament's upper house.
"What use is it to take, say, three more countries into the EU, if we're blocked and can't proceed with political integration?" Mr Kouchner asked in relation to the Czech Republic's pro-EU enlargement agenda, the FT reports. "They'll be persuaded in the end."
The comments are reminiscent of his threat that Ireland would suffer if it voted No, a few days before 53 percent of Irish people voted against the EU project.
Romania will be unable to manage its EU presidency next year, the country's head of state has warned - prompting a backlash by the ruling party.
While the course is voluntary, the number of MEPs who signed up stands in stark contrast with the number of MEPs who said they supported such remedies in the wake of the #metoo movement.
The commission had originally planned to publish its paper on how to communicate better with its own citizens by June 2018 - now it won't come out until the second quarter of 2019.
Secretariat-general of the European Commission decides that information redacted by directorate-general Communications Networks, Content and Technology should have been made public.
The EU's foreign service says there are no "records" of the Global Tech Panel meetings, but acknowledged foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini writes summary letters. Five MEPs worried about killer robots suggest the panel's composition is skewed.
The head of one of Europe's top courts has said MEPs' right to privacy was more important than taxpayers' right to know how they spend their money.
In Brussels, PR professionals and lobbying consultants are working for some of the world's most autocratic regimes. And we have no way of knowing for sure who they are, how much they are paid, or what they are up to.
From MEPs expenses, to denial of Freedom of Information requests, to the backroom deal to appoint Martin Selmayr - the EU's institutions are failing to live up to their own standards.

Fried G, Norton LR, Reboud X. Environmental and management factors determining weed species composition and diversity in France. Agriculture, Ecosystems ; Environment, in press.

One has to wonder just what, if anything is going on in the heads of some of these soon to be pro athletes who are about to enter the NFL draft. SI.com reports that Boston College defensive standout B.J.Raji has failed a drug tesr at the NFL combine. This act of gross impiety not only effects the draft standings from selections ranging anywhere from # 8 – 25 depending where you have him, but is likely to cost the trench behemoth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
This is not Raji’s first offense either. In 2008 he tested positive for marijuana and in 2007 he missed the entire season for academic reasons.
Smarten up young man !!! This is dumb ! This is D-U-M-B !!! Maybe not Plaxico Burress dumb. Maybe not Pacman Jones, or even Britney Spears dumb. But this is “ you are now on the radar screen and will be closely monitored from this point on, and if you set a toe out of line your bum is gonna look like freshly mowed grass“….DUMB ! This is “despite being a Giant in physical stature, you are now going to be assumed to be a dwarf in mental acuity”…….Dumb !
And furthermore, you are not alone ! The Draft Bible reports that LB Clay Matthews and Brian Cushing have tested positive for steroids, and CB Vonte Davis, WR Percy Harvin and K Jose Martinez have all tested positive for marijuana.
Just how this will effect the first round and what effect, if any it will have on the Vikings at # 22 remains to be seen. But this much is for sure, as long as there is an opportunity for wealth beyond your wildest dreams, there will be people D-U-M-B enough to spoil it for themselves.
If you live in or around Beavercreek Ohio, you need to know how to have a good time there. You can find a lot to do in the area if you know what you’re doing. This guide will help you plan out trips to places that are nice and worth the money.
A good place to find information about a place you’re going to go out to is the internet. You can find websites that let you look up different reviews on places, so that way you can avoid going anywhere that has a pretty bad reputation. Some companies may not have many reviews, and they are okay to work with but you should be careful about any place with mostly negative reviews. You don’t want to show up and give it a chance only to find out that the reviews were right.
Beavercreek has fun places to go for adults. For instance, you can go to a bar or a club to have a few drinks if that’s what you’re into. When you are going out to do any drinking, make sure that you have a way to get home. Either bring someone with you that is not going to drink and will be the designated driver, or find a cab company you can call when you’re done at the bar. Either way, don’t drive yourself even if you feel like you can drive because getting a DUI and/or into an accident could happen.
Find a tour of the city that you can go on or go to museums to learn more about certain things. You can find a lot out there that has to do with teaching you new things so you can teach yourself and your children about new subjects. When you’re going to a museum or anywhere similar, know that so me places are going to charge you a fee to get in. They may also have discounts for kids, so be sure you call a museum or anywhere else like a city tour company to ask what their pricing is like.
When you are out and about in Beavercreek Ohio, it helps to know where to go. You don’t want to get ripped off by a place that has a bad reputation and you want to make sure that the trips you take are memorable for all of the right reasons.

Mostly everything is adjustable. Our driver has tools so that if you need something adjusted to fit you he can do it on the spot. But, if you come to our store we can find something that will fit you perfectly.
We will do everything we can to accommodate you. Please call us and we will make the necessary arrangements.

Independent Reasercher / This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.

Since November just began we have tried to get some Christmas things up on our shop. I know, I know, it isn’t December yet! But we wanted to get them up sooner rather than later (we have some Thanksgiving things up too!) and I wanted to share the story of our gingerbread man ornaments with you.
One Christmas many years ago when I was very very young Lisa (my mom) lost her job. This was a huge blow to our family and Christmas was looking pretty bare that year. For our family Christmas is extremely important and we have a long list of traditions that we stick to every year, we also come up with at least one new tradition each year. One of the traditions that we have is to buy a few new ornaments for our tree, usually Dennis and Lisa buy each of us kids an ornament and then a few for the family. But this specific year we could not afford ornaments and Lisa was extremely upset about it so Dennis decided to make his own ornaments for us.
Eventually Dennis came up with the idea of these gingerbread men, and so he set out to make them. He drew, cut, and painted them by hand and tried to give each one a little character. I mean, check out the sleepy gingerbread man with the butt flap! He even cut out a few extras that Jessica and I could paint and make our very own.
The next year our family was back on our feet but we loved Dennis’ ornaments from the year before so much that he decided to try to make a few more for that year. The idea of doing birds came about because we live in the country and have a lot of little bird visitors in the winter. Dennis is a bird watcher and four of his favorites are the cardinal, blue bird, and blue jay so that is why we only have those four as ornaments (for now!). These are also completely handmade by Dennis and they also mean a lot to our family.
We wanted to share our family memories with everyone and that is why we have decided to add them to our shop. We tried to make them affordable because we know life is hard and we believe everyone should have a decorated tree for their holidays!
Cheryl’s new FOREVER series is finally coming. There will be four books in all. The first three titles, FOREVER YOURS, FOREVER MINE, and FOREVER AFTER, will be released together this summer on July 15 so you can read them back to back without waiting for the next installment to arrive. The fourth and final novel, simply titled FOREVER, will be released later in the fall of 2017.
This is an example of a bespoke Sawnbeam Sideboard made to a customers' specification and constructed to by our very own craftsmen
If this has inspired you to have your own bespoke furniture created by Cheshire Pine and Oak, please feel free to browse a few other examples of our made-to-measure furniture, including several examples of made-to-measure bedroom furniture.
PLEASE NOTE - This top box increases the height of our standard wardrobes to 2345mm (Corniced top) and 2310mm (flat top) respectively. Please call if you require further clarification on this
This exclusive solid pine collection is hand made by time served craftsmen from Quebec yellow pine and Scandanavian redwood. We use traditional cabinet making skills, including dovetail joints on all drawers with solid timber backs and drawer bottoms . This collection offers a wide variety of products, from the largest wardrobe to the smallest bedside cabinet. All items come traditionally hand waxed, however, both antique lacquer and painted finishes are available on request
All items in the Cheshire Range, are available made-to-measure. Please contact us for further details.
Examines vehicle for collision related damage and documents the time and effort required to repair and refinish vehicle to pre-accident condition in accordance with industry standards and insurance company guidelines.
Educate the customer about the collision repair process, including insurance claims processing, payment procedures, repair techniques, repair needs and approximate repair time;
Supervise and route each repair including disbursement of all paperwork, scheduling, monitoring repairs, negotiating repair times, coordinating sublet work and all other aspects of the repair necessary to provide the consumer with the most expeditious and high quality repair available;
Service all insurance accounts in order to maintain those business relationships vital to Service King's success;
Service King is a multi-state operator in high quality collision repair, one of the nation's fastest growing collision repair company nationwide. Service King is a leader in the collision repair industry, currently serving customers in more than 300 locations across the United States. We're now proud to say that Service King is rated one of the best places to work. Providing growth opportunities has always been one of our main objectives. Service King offers opportunities for internal promotions and great benefits.
I don't think that it has a release date as yet, which is a shame because one of my friend wants one

Reply 'For Mr William Hog', advising him to take the sulphurous waters in Moffat. Cullen provides directions on taking the waters, dressing his sores, and diet, and encloses a laxative prescription if it is necessary.
Summary Reply 'For Mr William Hog', advising him to take the sulphurous waters in Moffat. Cullen provides directions on taking the waters, dressing his sores, and diet, and encloses a laxative prescription if it is necessary.
Take one ounce each of Soluble tartar and Glauber's Salts, half an ounce each of Spanish sea-salt and polychrest salts, six ounces of Spring water, and two ounces of simple cinnamon water. Dissolve and strain. Label: Laxative Solution a table spoonfull or two to be taken when occasion requires.

The 2017 MAPPS Geospatial Products & Services Excellence Awards competition has drawn 11 projects and technology product entries from 11 firms. A panel of 3 independent judges will evaluate the projects and select winners. The judges panel will once again be chaired by Robert Burtch, professor emeritus of the Surveying Engineering Program at Ferris State University, Big Rapids, MI, where he taught courses in surveying, geographic information systems, photogrammetry and geodesy. Burtch is a Professional Surveyor in Michigan and a Certified Photogrammetrist, ASPRS. Joining Mr. Burtch as judges are Perry Trunick, Editor, POB Magazine and Neil Sandler, Publisher, xyHt magazine. The 11th annual MAPPS awards competition is a contest in which member firms submit recently completed projects and associate members submit recently introduced technology, particularly hardware and software. The excellence awards competition recognizes the professionalism, value, integrity and achievement that MAPPS member firms have demonstrated in their projects and technology developments over the previous year.

It was a day etched in the memory of Class XII forever when they assembled for a farewell party hosted and conducted by the students of Class XI. The day was a fiesta devoted to the years spent together with friends and teachers to reminisce joyous moments. The program started with a welcome song, lighting of the lamp by the Principal and the Class Teachers of Class XII followed by Oath taking ceremony. Thereafter the students of Class XII lighted the sacred candle around the huge map of India depicted colorfully on the assembly ground.
The venue was set ablaze with the cultural program in between followed with a ramp walk, self introduction, Talent and Question Round for Master and Miss APS Mathura Cantt. The pulsating music and scintillating dance performances rocked the ambience. The highlight of the event was the ever first ‘Citation Ceremony’, the thought processed by the honorable Principal. It was being given to every student of Class XII conveying them good wishes for their future. Somyabrata Sen from XII Sc. was adjudged Master APS Mathura and Vaishnavi Sharma from XII sc. was declared as Miss APS Mathura. Furthermore, many boys and girls of Class XII were given the titles like Most popular boy and girl, Computer Maestro, Miss Chulbuli, Mr Beans, Twinkle Toes etc. The program ended with the thanksgiving speech by the Head Boy and Girl of the institution and thereafter the blessings by the Principal.
The Republic Day was celebrated with a lot of zeal & fervor. The Chief Guest of the event was Col. V.D. Chandola, SO to Chairman.The school choir presented melodious patriotic songs. Urvi Bhatia of ClassXI Sc delievered a speech elaborating upon the drastic progress our country has made after being republic.The Chief Guest put forward a word of advice to all the students. The programme ended with tree plantation.
APS Mathura Cantt. fraternity bid farewell to the honorable Chairman, Brig D S Rawat on 19th Jan. His wisdom, knowledge and insight is truly reflected in the progress that APS Mathura has made under his able guidance. The Principal and Mrs Archana Jain (PGT Physics) elaborated upon the support & motivation that Sir had extended during his tenure. The institution wished him prosperity & good luck.
It was indeed a magnum occasion on 18thJan’17 when Maj. Gen. V.D. Dogra, the Patron of the institution visited the school. The Principal made him aware of the comprehensive infrastructure, the staff, working environment & scenario of the institution. He was kind enough to extend his worthy advice for the betterment of the school. The school takes pride to witness the dynamic persona of the COS being reflected in the working of the institution.
Our reward program makes you earn digipoints from all the shops of the Digistore network in a same customer account and let you redeem in these shops.
The amount of points to earn from purchases is shown on the product page, it can be a defined % on all the range or a special offer!
You can redeem your at checkout. If you have accumulated enough to redeem them you will have the option of using as one of the payment methods. The option to use , as well as your balance and the monetary equivalent this balance, will be shown to you in the Payment Method area of the checkout. Redeemable can be used in conjunction with other payment methods such as credit cards, gift cards and more.
From your account you will be able to view your total (and currency equivalent), minimum needed to redeem, whether you have reached the maximum limit and a cumulative history of acquired, redeemed and lost. The history record will retain and display historical rates and currency for informational purposes. The history will also show you comprehensive informational messages regarding , including expiration notifications.
You can sign up to receive email notifications each time your balance changes when you either earn, redeem or lose , as well as point expiration notifications. This option is found in the section of the My Account area.

[origin: WO2005115545A1] An ultrasonic medical device (11) includes a balloon catheter (36) having at least one engaging mechanism (66, 67), a balloon (41) that is supported by the balloon catheter (36), an inflation lumen (85) located along a longitudinal axis of the balloon catheter (36) and an ultrasonic probe (15) located along an outside surface of the balloon catheter (36) wherein the ultrasonic probe (15) engages an outer surface (53) of the balloon (41).
NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Information is building high-resolution digital elevation models (DEMs) for select U.S. coastal regions. These integrated bathymetric-topographic DEMs are used to support tsunami forecasting and warning efforts at the NOAA Center for Tsunami Research, Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory (PMEL). The DEMs are part of the tsunami forecast system SIFT (Short-term Inundation Forecasting for Tsunamis) currently being developed by PMEL for the NOAA Tsunami Warning Centers, and are used in the MOST (Method of Splitting Tsunami) model developed by PMEL to simulate tsunami generation, propagation, and inundation.
2017-02-07T00:00:00 - All datasets obtained by NCEI were converted to common horizontal datum of WGS84 geographic using ArcGIS or GDAL. They were also converted to common file format for visualization and inspection.
2017-02-07T00:00:00 - Datasets were visually inspected with ArcGIS and Global Mapper for identification and editing of data anomalies. Datasets were then compared with overlapping datasets to ensure data consistency.
2017-03-06T00:00:00 - Multibeam surveys were gridded to 1 arc-second spacing using MB-System's 'mbgrid' tool. The resulting Arc ASCII grid was imported into ArcGIS.
2017-03-14T00:00:00 - xyz files of the bathymetric data were surfaced using GMT's 'surface' tool onto a 1 arc-second grid that interpolated to fill empty cells. Points extracted every 5 meters along the coastline were also included to ensure that the bathymetric grid reached zero at the coast. The resulting Arc ASCII grid was imported into ArcGIS and clipped to the coastline to remove values over land.
2017-03-23T00:00:00 - xyz files for each input dataset were gridded using MB-System's 'mbgrid' tool, which utilizes a high-tension spline interpolation method to fill grid cells with no input elevation values. Preferential weighting was given to more recent, higher-accuracy datasets.
The General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (GEBCO) consists of an international group of experts who work on the development of a range of bathymetric data sets and data products, including gridded bathymetric data sets, the GEBCO Digital Atlas, the GEBCO world map and the GEBCO Gazetteer of Undersea Feature Names.
The Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) was a partnership between NASA and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). Flown aboard the NASA Space Shuttle Endeavour (11-22 February 2000), SRTM fulfilled its mission to map the world in three dimensions. The USGS is under agreement with NGA and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory to distribute SRTM elevation products derived from the C-band radar data. SRTM utilized interferometric C-band Spaceborne Imaging Radar to generate elevation data over 80 percent of the Earth's land surface. Global SRTM data at a resolution of 1 arc-second have been edited to delineate and flatten water bodies, better define coastlines, remove spikes and wells, and fill small voids. Larger areas of missing data or voids were filled by the NGA using interpolation algorithms in conjunction with other sources of elevation data. The SRTM 1 Arc-Second Global data offer worldwide coverage of void filled data at a resolution of 1 arc-second (30 meters) and provide open distribution of this high-resolution global data set.
The Digital Nautical Chart is produced by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) and is an unclassified, vector-based digital database containing maritime significant features essential for safe marine navigation.
The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office (UKHO) provides hydrographic and geospatial data to mariners and maritime organisations across the world.
This GeoNode is established to share data prepared as an outcome of the CHARIM project conducted for five Caribbean countries. The CHARIM project is financed by the EU-funded ACP-EU Natural Disaster Risk Reduction program, managed by GFDRR. Its implementation is done by University of Twente, Netherlands, Asian Institute of Technology, Thailand, University of West Indies and University of Bristol.
I propose to use a distributed graph-based approach to detect cross-entity attacks via correlating global events on multi-tenant platforms. Detection efforts have mostly focused on detecting each incident individually, while in most attack scenarios, it is a single attacker or attacker group that goes after multiple targets often via stolen credentials within a rather concentrated time window. Coordinated or concurrent attacks seriously impact the trust of the multi-tenant service platform provider when customers get infiltrated on their platform. How can we detect these cross-account attacks by quickly making connections across concurrent incidences? MConnections are often buried under terabytes of data and among tens of millions of legitimate connections. Only a complete graph with a proper level of abstraction of all information and smart algorithms provide us a viable solution. By representing all entities of interest (i.e., an organization or an IP address) in a graph, we can efficiently track the connectivities among these entities that allows us to differentiate unexpected connections that is indicative of cross-account attacks from legitimate cross-account relationship (for example, two accounts belong to the same customer) by identifying correlated threats. Change detection algorithm is proposed to identify unexpected connectivities of accounts with a graph. For example, as we detect suspicious behavior across multiple accounts, how do we know if this is a large-scale account take-over, or just a legitimate license upgrade that results in novel behavior across multiple users. If affected accounts are already densely connected, a suspicious concurrent behavior detected is not as interesting as where it is detected among highly disjoint accounts. A graph provides a holistic view of how components are connected. A graph-based solution is essential to security defense techniques. It gives us a number of opportunities beyond cross-account attack detection such as intuitive context retrieval and interactive visualization,
Ping spent a decade innovating ways of making sense of data in various domains, from consumer behavior modeling to algorithmic security threat detection. Her works were published as journal articles, monographs and books. Ping holds a Ph.D. in Management Information System from the University of Arizona with a focus on Machine Learning and AI. She is currently a Research Scientist with the Salesforce Security Analytics team. Ping spoke at various Data Science and InfoSec conferences such as ICIS, WITS, CanSecWest 2013, OWASP AppSec 2015, and Spark Summit 2016.
Herman spent the majority of his 13 years of software engineering career in management roles. His experience with enterprise software ranges from user interface to the back-end, and spans major industries. He currently runs the Kernel group at Salesforce as Senior Director of Engineering, and puts a significant focus of his team on security and threat detection. Herman holds a BSE in Computer Science and a BSE in Computer Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
We are providing HR solutions company providing services like manpower outsourcing, temporary staffing, contract staffing, payroll processing,and providing a full range of staffing solutions to help businesses create strong teams and successful futures. Explore our Services to identify the staffing strategy best for your business.

Group of feminists and pro-choice activists, the Platform for Reproductive Rights, on the eve of the so-called March for Life held on Saturday, May 20th which year after year further silences women’s voices staged a night-time street action which inscribed women’s experiences into the city of Zagreb (housing blocks, churches and hospitals) with the aim of speaking out about issues faced by women who seek abortion.
In a symbolic night-time action women’s stories and experiences became an extension of all the silenced voices of anonymous women. Invisible experiences are written on the body of the city – we live among you, and so do our experiences. Projected into the public space of the city, these experiences became the voice of the people and women’s stories became – both our stories and your stories.
Peaceful mass protests have brought a much awaited turning point to Armenian... Ireland has voted ‘Yes’ to end the ban on abortion after a historic...

The cloud is taking business by storm. In fact, due to the extraordinary growth of the cloud, it has been described as a tornado, not a fluffy white floating object! Commercial research analysts consider cloud as one of the most significant trends with a potential to change the whole global IT industry. Governments, including those in the US, Britain, and Australia, have cloud-first policies now in place which mandate cloud over non-cloud services in ICT procurement. But CIOs and other senior executives, while it's on the majority of their agendas, aren't sure what it really means for their organisations - how to leverage the benefits, control the commercials, manage the business risk, and adapt their organisations. While it is important to set requirements, negotiate commercials (terms, service level agreements, and pricing), and sign the contract - it is also critical that we develop a clear plan for ‘Moving to the Cloud’ which realigns our business architecture, organization and most importantly our people. This course provides the answers that management must know to be successful and realise the benefits: •	Where should I go cloud? •	What are the commercials? •	Where is my leverage? •	How do I realign my business practices and architecture? •	How do I gear up my people and structure my organisation? View the MOOC promotional video here: http://tinyurl.com/hvtz2ph
Welcome to week three! At the end of this week you will be half way through the course. In this module we will become familiar with the commercial aspects of cloud. We will explore cloud contracts and the specific clauses to watch out for. Then we’ll take a look at some common KPIs in a cloud SLA and what they mean for the business. Some of our previous guest lecturers will also return to share their insights and experience. Lastly, we will investigate the complexity of pricing in cloud configurations and the different vendor charging models.

I have heard Spring for years but i have no chance to work with it before. Finally i could get a touch on it in year 2010. My first goal is learning the Spring MVC.
I find a very useful tutorial on building a Spring MVC application. The sample codes there use Ant for building the application.

The reception of the works of Czeslaw Milosz in Italy. With the complete bibliography of Milosz’s texts and texts on Milosz in Italian
ABSTRACT. The author presents the reception of the works of Czesław Miłosz in Italy starting from the first articles mentioning his name in the late 1940s. After his emigration from Poland in the 1950s, thanks to his efforts in favor of freedom of expression and of criticism of socialist realism, he found many Italian intellectuals who shared the same views. In 1980, when he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, Miłosz had his greatest moment of fame, which allowed him to publish his most important works in Italy. The second part of the article consists of the complete bibliography of Miłosz’s texts in Italian, including those published in newspapers and magazines.	
Make sure that Santa can see where to stop this Christmas with this Santa Window Sign with the words 'Santa Please Stop Here'.
Who doesn't love Lavender? It's so relaxing and soothing to the skin.....made with Essential oils this bomb will not let you down!
Plum Southern is an upscale gift\bridal registry shop, located on Main Steet in historical downtown LaGrange, GA. We offer a wide selection of unique, one of a kind gifts. Plum Southern, which opened in October 2007, also has a full bridal registry.

We always strive to provide a quality service at a reasonable price. To learn more about our services or to hire an experienced garage door repair/installation team in zip code 78207, you can call us on 210-245-5642!
Me and husband recently (June 18) got back from a dream vacation of a lifetime. 8 days in Bora Bora. 5 days in a bungalow right on the beach, 3 days in an over the water bungalow. It was fabulous! The colors of the water and the clarity of it was just mesmerizing. I could sit all day just looking at it (which says a lot for me). I loved to snorkel, but did get bored of it as it looked the same each time I went in, but I could sit there and look at the water all day. Some times there were more fish, but they were the same fish all the time. The coral wasn’t as bright and colorful like I imagined it would be. The fish weren’t large and colorful, but still it was fabulous. The temp was in the 80’s with a breeze to keep you from getting too warm. The water was in the 70’s and waist deep for a long distance. Of course being a quilter I want to capture the colors and feelings into a quilt, and I even have ideas of how I want to do that. I just uploaded pictures I took with my waterproof camera (804 of them) plus another 147 form my DSLR camera and I don’t know how many from my iPhone. So I have over 1000 pictures and videos to help be design my new quilt.
Last big vacation (April 2014 Panama Canal Cruise) I came home and designed a king size bed quilt to help me remember that vacation. Even though I have lived be beaches for a good part of my life (Fort Walton Beach in Florida and Los Angles in California), I have never really been that fond of the beach. I did like the sand in Fort Walton Beach, it was white and very soft. And come August the water was very warm-but at that time it was full of sea weed and disgusting to go into. In both places and any other time I have been to different beaches I really have not enjoyed it much.
Part of it probably stems from not learning to swim until I was 16 and in High School. I grew up in Pueblo, CO and growing up I remember going to the Mineral Palace park pool every summer with my brother and sister and our friends. I didn’t know how to swim, so I played in the shallow end or clung to the side when I wanted to be close to my friends who did swim so I could watch them going off the diving boards. I can swim, although I really don’t like putting my face under water, but I suppose I could swim if I had to (just like I probably could still drive a stick shift car if I needed to).
When we were stationed in Australia (in Woomera which is a small town in the middle of the outback so nowhere near a beach, but we did have a pool and the most interesting thing I can say about that is we went swimming the day after Christmas because their seasons are reversed from ours (in North America). Anyhow the year before we left Australia, me and my husband took a long awaited honeymoon trip to the Great Barrier reef. I remember being so excited and so nervous about having the chance to go snorkeling there. On the boat ride to the reef they gave us the equipment and showed us how to use it. I was fine on board the boat with putting on my mask and breathing through the snorkel. But the water was a bit choppy that day so not as clear as normal. Anyhow when I got in the water and put my face in I started hyperventilating. That was end of snorkeling for me. I traded in my snorkel gear and joined the others exploring the tide pools (which was very interesting anyhow).
So now about 20 years after that we planned a Panama Canal cruise and I wanted to try snorkeling again. This time I had the internet to do some research and found out that it is quite normal to start hyperventilating when you first snorkel. Also found out that they have new snorkels that if you go under or a wave washes over the top it has a ball valve that will close and you won’t end up breathing in salt water ( a fear I had of course.) SO what did I do. I went out and bought my own mask and snorkel (talking to a salesman at the sporting good store, he recommended I practice in a pool before going). Since I didn’t have a pool and thought it would be really strange to practice at the pool at the gym, I filled the tub with water and tried to practice. While I didn’t have enough water to see if it really would close and keep water out of it (the ball valve really does not work when it is sideways.) I was able to get to where I didn’t hyperventilate when I put my face in the water. On our cruise we ended up at Grand Cayman Island and had some time there to do some snorkeling. It simply was amazing. The water was clear, but since the sun was reflecting off it as it moved you really could not see the fish clearly, until you put your face under water. When I did, I was mesmerized. To see the fish so clearly and so close was absolutely enthralling. I had a great time. And then we went to the Turtle farm and got to hold a baby (or a young) sea turtle, I fell in love. And I loved the green color of the water.
I only had a disposable underwater camera at that time, so I do have some pictures of the fish under water, but they are real pictures not digital so I will see about adding them here. They do have a place out there that they call sting ray city. This is a shallow place around the islands where the sting rays are accustomed to being fed there so there were a lot in that one place (hence the name, the tour operator said that they here the boat motors and come.) They are docile and would come up to you and you could actually touch and feed them if you wanted to (I didn’t but my husband did-they eat by sucking the food out of your closed fist since they could suck your fingers into their mouth you needed to keep your fingers tucked in). This is the quilt I came home and designed in EQ& and made to commemorate that vacation. I didn’t quilt this myself, but sent it to a long armer who put in all sorts of personal touches for me, fish and turtles, waves on the side and back of the boat. It has large blocks because I wanted it to go together fast.
Since I had chosen (with my husbands consent) the last 2 big vacation trips. in 2004 we did an Alaskan Cruise, and then the 2014 Panama Canal cruise, I let him choose and plan the next one. Well he did the choosing, he wanted to go to Bora Bora, and did some of the research, it was going to be expensive, and then I ended up taking over (I am the planner in the family.) He wanted this special trip to be for our 30th anniversary (which is in November), but that is their summer and the UV index was a bit scary for me (I am white and burn very easy). So in my research it turned out that June or July would be better, but June would be a little less expensive and less crowded as they have a big festival and water events and competitions in July (we do not like crowds and big events.) So we decided on June. This time we both had snorkel gear (he borrowed our son’s), I got an underwater digital camera. You know you always see these great photos and think that it will not look like that when you are there, that they knew the ideal time to be there or that they used special filters or photoshopped the pictures after. I am here to tell you that the water looks like that. the pictures have not been photoshopped. We were there and had some stormy weather, but the water still looked wonderful. Here are some pictures.
This will just be a wallhanging as I want to include special fabrics and objects. I can’t wait to start planning and designing and sharing this process with all of you. Stay tuned…
This entry was posted in free-motion quilting, quilting, snorkeling, tropical water, Uncategorized, vacation and tagged Bora Bora, Cayman Islands, memories, quilting, vacation. Bookmark the permalink.	

Let me introduce BAF Publications. Here we offer High Quality Magazine Publishing Service at Lowest Cost in the Internet.
* There are Millions of Apple iPads, Android Tablets and Amazon Users. But there are ONLY 5000 or less Newsstand Magazines.
1. Choosing Magazine Niche, Name and Theme (Worth $200): Once you place order, we will discuss with you to choose Niche, Name and Theme for the Magazine. In case, if you already have a print version of Magazine, we can convert it into a Apple iTunes Newsstand, Amazon Kindle and Android Magazine.
2. Professional Cover Page Designing (Worth $200): We will design a Professional Cover Page for your Magazine.
5. Versions: (Worth $800) We will give you 4 versions of Magazines. Apple iTunes Newsstand, Android, Amazon Kindle (as e-book) and Amazon Kindle Fire App.
6. Monthly Issues (Worth $300): We will publish your Magazine?s issue every month with fresh content.

SCOTUS considers limits to the government's surveillance powers over personal technology http://www.abajournal.com/magazine/article/carpenter_v_united_states/P1 This article was published in the December 2017 issue of the ABA Journal with the title "Cell Block: The high court considers limits to the government’s surveillance powers over personal technology." SCOTUS = Supreme Court of the united States. ABA = American Bar Association In 2011, the police and the FBI used data from cellular telephone towers to help connect a suspect to a string of armed robberies of Radio Shack and T-Mobile stores in the Detroit area. The authorities didn’t rely on a warrant based on probable cause but on a broad court order under a 1986 federal law, the Stored Communications Act. They collected more than 120 days’ worth of records from two wireless carriers for the cell-site data of the suspect’s mobile phone. The records helped show that the suspect, Timothy I. Carpenter, was in close proximity to the stores at the time of the crimes. Combined with other evidence that Carpenter was the leader of the robbery ring, the records led to his conviction on federal robbery- and weapons-related charges. Carpenter challenged the warrantless collection of cell-site data as an unconstitutional search under the Fourth Amendment. He lost in the lower courts. But the U.S. Supreme Court granted review of a case that several legal observers predict will have enormous implications for privacy in the digital age for generations to come. “It’s hugely important,” says Orin S. Kerr, a professor at the George Washington University Law School and an expert on the Fourth Amendment. “This is the case that is going to determine the limits on the government’s surveillance power at the state and federal level in new technologies for years to come. I think the justices know that.” Andrew G. Ferguson, a professor at the University of the District of Columbia law school and a privacy expert, says the case affects cell towers and individuals’ data from email, smart watches, activity-tracker bands and so-called smart appliances—devices as conventional as refrigerators, which now have some models that connect to the internet. “This is not about just one technology and one criminal defendant,” says Ferguson, author of The Rise of Big Data Policing: Surveillance, Race, and the Future of Law Enforcement. “It is really about how the Fourth Amendment will or will not protect all Americans in the digital age.” The closely watched case was scheduled to be heard Nov. 29, which falls under the court’s December argument calendar. TRACKING STORED COMMUNICATION Authorities initially arrested four suspects in spring 2011 in the string of robberies at Radio Shack and T-Mobile stores. One suspect identified an ensemble of 15 others who had participated in some or all the crimes, which involved small groups of robbers entering a store, herding employees into the back at gunpoint, and ordering them to fill bags with new smartphones. Court testimony later suggested that Carpenter organized a string of such robberies in Michigan and Ohio during a four-month period. He supplied the guns and typically waited in the getaway car, testimony showed. The police received Carpenter’s cellphone number from the informing suspect. The FBI sought orders from federal magistrate judges to require the release of cell-tower information for Carpenter’s phone. The magistrates granted the orders under the Stored Communications Act, which requires the government to show “reasonable grounds” for believing that the records were “relevant and material to an ongoing investigation.” Carpenter’s cellphone provider, MetroPCS, provided 186 pages of the suspect’s “call detail records” that covered 127 days, while Sprint provided records for Carpenter’s phone for two days in Warren, Ohio, where one robbery took place. (Sprint was the roaming provider in that area because MetroPCS did not have its own towers there.) At trial, FBI Special Agent Christopher Hess, a cellular analysis specialist, testified for the prosecution. “If you dial a number and you hit send, that tower information is populated in the call detail record,” he said. Hess identified eight calls to or from Carpenter’s phone that happened around the time of four of the robberies. He presented maps of the cell towers that connected those calls to demonstrate that Carpenter’s phone was within a half-mile to 2 miles of the crime scenes. On cross-examination, the agent acknowledged that he could not say that Carpenter’s phone was located within a particular spot or intersection, and he agreed that the cellular analysis was “not an exact science.” At closing argument, a prosecutor argued to the jury that the cellular data provided another overlay of corroboration, showing that Carpenter was “right where the first robbery was at the exact time of the robbery, the exact sector.” The cell-tower evidence may well have been, in this case, another layer of corroboration. There also was incriminating testimony from seven of Carpenter’s accomplices. Carpenter was convicted of all six robbery charges he faced under the federal Hobbs Act and five of six firearms charges. He was sentenced to 116 years in prison. THIRD-PARTY BUSINESS RECORDS But on appeal, Carpenter pressed his motion to suppress the cell-tower evidence, which the district court had rejected. The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals at Cincinnati also turned away his arguments, holding that Carpenter lacked any property interest or reasonable expectation of privacy in the cell-tower records acquired by the government under the Stored Communications Act. The 6th Circuit panel acknowledged that in United States v. Jones, a 2012 Supreme Court case about long-term GPS monitoring of a suspected drug dealer, five justices had agreed that people have a reasonable expectation of privacy in information very similar to cell-site data. But the appeals court said Carpenter’s case was different because it “involves business records obtained from a third party.” Those records are closer to the landline call records that the high court had held were not entitled to Fourth Amendment protection in Smith v. Maryland in 1979. “Cell-site data—like mailing addresses, phone numbers and IP addresses—are information that facilitate personal communications, rather than part of the content of those communications themselves,” the 6th Circuit said. “The government’s collection of business records containing these data therefore is not a search.” Nathan Wessler, an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer representing Carpenter, says the Smith decision and the Stored Communications Act were products of an era when few Americans were carrying phones in their pockets. “In this case, law enforcement went to Mr. Carpenter’s cellphone providers and got more than four months of cellphone records that created a granular map of everywhere he went,” Wessler says. “That is a chilling power.” DIGITAL CRIME AND PRIVACY U.S. Solicitor General Noel J. Francisco argued in the federal government’s brief that the “third-party doctrine” long recognized by the high court applies here. “Cellphone users voluntarily reveal to their providers information about their proximity to cell towers, so the providers can connect their calls,” Francisco said in the brief. “Users cannot reasonably expect that the providers will not reveal that business information to the government.” John M. Castellano wrote an amicus brief on the federal government’s side for the Arlington, Virginia-based National District Attorneys Association. He says prosecutors use cell-site location data as an important investigative tool. They also use grand jury subpoenas and court orders short of a warrant to investigate identity theft, fraud, public corruption and other offenses. Those investigations would be seriously hampered by any restriction on the third-party doctrine, he says. “You don’t always have probable cause at the time you are issuing a subpoena,” says Castellano, the deputy executive assistant district attorney for the Queens County DA’s office in Kew Gardens, New York. “The nature of crime has changed. It has taken full advantage of the digital era.” But Wessler of the ACLU says the government “misreads Americans’ expectations of privacy in the digital age and sets the bar way too low.” Ferguson of the University of the District of Columbia wrote an amicus brief on Carpenter’s side for a group of scholars of criminal procedure and privacy. The basic thrust is that the third-party doctrine is ill-suited for an age in which smart devices that transmit all manner of personal information to third parties are pervasive. These include cellphones, smart cars, smart homes and smart medical devices within the body. “It used to be that police officers had to sit in hot cars drinking cold coffee to conduct surveillance,” Ferguson says. “The idea of a 1970s-era law about old telephone technology governing this area just doesn’t make a lot of sense now.”

I Zelene Age: 27. Based near Port AdelaideI'm a very out going and open minded girlIt's your turn to feel the satisfying effects of HEAVEN?? I'm Kendall
I Sapphire Age: 23. My name is Katy and I'm independent young lady, passionate, hot and lovelyPlease text with inquiry and or details firstTo make an appointment or for more informations, please, contact me by phone (no withheld numbers, please) or e-mail.$Always discreet and free drama

Imagine the room is lit with candles, flower petals sprinkled over the tables, your veil lifted over your train and that special song plays as you place your head on his shoulder for that first dance as husband and wife.
Can you see it? We can! Allow us the honor of making the first moments of your new life as Mr. & Mrs. unforgettable.
We offer our guests the luxury of a four star venue while providing the same level of service for significantly less.
DiLucia's provides on-site consultation to assure a personalized approach to your catering needs. We believe that planning and organization are the backbone of any successful social occasion.
DiLucia's is a full-service organization offering everything required for a personal, relaxed, expressive catered party. You will receive the utmost in Service, Food Quality, Atmosphere and Cleanliness.
We provide delicious, orginal, attenion-getting cuisine, beautifully presented with a sense of warmth and individual style. Our food is carefully prepared by our Chefs using only the highest quality and freshest ingredients.
Please call us today to reserve a date for your next party. Menu planning, professional service staff, bar set-up, rentals, flowers, entertainment...we do it all!
You invite the guests and DiLucia's takes care of the rest. Our menus are only a sampling of the foods we can prepare. Each function will be handled on an individual basis.
Should you have any doubts, references are available from our more-than satisfied customers. Some may even be neighbors and business associates of yours.

You may want to add this page as a Favorite or Bookmark on Your Internet Browser as well so you can come back to it in the future.

The Capstone project is the culmination of the International Business Essentials specialisation, and brings together knowledge gained in the previous courses and applies this to a real-world scenario. Throughout the Capstone, you’ll be taught new skills, and will use the knowledge you have gained throughout the Specialisation to develop a business plan. This course forms part of a specialisation from the University of London designed to help you develop and build the essential business, academic, and cultural skills necessary to succeed in international business, or in further study. If completed successfully, your certificate from this specialisation can also be used as part of the application process for the University of London Global MBA programme, particularly for early career applicants. If you would like more information about the Global MBA, please visit www.londoninternational.ac.uk/mba This course is endorsed by CMI
This week will investigate the internal information needed for business planning, including costs, break-even analysis, and pricing.

The ties between the Midwest and France are strong and growing further. We enjoy 238 years of friendship, since Marquis de Lafayette embarked to America in 1780 with a letter from the King of France committing to support American independence.
Last year, we achieved remarkable success together. The Paris Agreement on climate, with the participation of many countries of the world, will keep the possibility for humanity to continue to live on an environmentally responsible planet. It is perhaps the most important international agreement of the beginning of the 21st century. On the Iranian Nuclear program, an important deal was reached last July, to prevent the development of a bomb. We shall remain vigilant for its implementation. We also reinforced the cooperation between the US and France in other areas, in particular with regards to security. Following the Paris attacks, we were overwhelmed by the signs of solidarity from the American people.
In 2016, the French network in the Midwest will remain fully mobilized and dedicated to French-American cooperation: Cultural, Science, and Consular Departments of the French Consulate in Chicago, Business France, French Honorary Consuls, the French Foreign Trade Counselors, the French American Chambers of Commerce, the Alliances Françaises, the French Lycées and Schools, and many other French-American associations will continue to reinforce the links between France and the Midwest.
March is Francophonie Month/Mois de la francophonie. Alliances Françaises and various institutions throughout the Midwest will be hosting special events to celebrate French culture and language;
On March 21st, eleven restaurants in the region will participate in the worldwide Goût de / Good France event;
In April, French Innovation Week in Chicago will showcase the best of French science, technology, and innovation. It will include free public lectures, panel discussions, and hands-on activities for young students. French businesses will come together at Chicago tech hub 1871 to present their cutting-edge technological advances. The event will close with the annual French-American Chamber of Commerce gala “La Nuit des Étoiles”;
In October, we’ll have the second edition of À La Carte Chicago. Following the success of last year, we have had requests to extend it beyond Chicago to the rest of the Midwest;
Also in October, the Chicago-Paris Committee, working with the Sister Cities, is planning a series of events to mark the 20th anniversary of the partnership between Paris and Chicago.
All the Departments of the Consulate and Business France endeavor throughout the year to promote cultural, education, scientific, trade, and investment exchange between the Midwest and France.
We also promote tourism to France and encourage you to take part in the Share Your Story of France contest.
We’ll continue to recognize our common history and thank the brave American heroes who served in World War II with France’s highest distinction, the Legion of Honor.
Ozinga Brothers, Inc. embraces future as a fourth-generation family-owned business | Chicago Construction News
As Ozinga Brothers, Inc. enters its 88th year, the family owned Chicagoland ready-mix concrete company celebrates both its work and spiritual ethics, demonstrating how a business can thrive through incredibly challenging economic,
“Serving our co-workers, serving our community, standing on our firm values of service, learning and entrepreneurship – these are our core values,” said Tim Ozinga, the company’s marketing and communications director and a fourth-generation family member.
Martin Ozinga IV, the company’s president, echoed these observations in his presentation at the “We Built Chicago” discussion in June, emphasizing the spiritual and values-based ethics for the business, which now employs 1,400, has successfully outlasted several competitors, and thrived in an industry increasingly dominated by vertically integrated multinational organizations.
Ozinga’s great grandfather Martin Ozinga started the business, originally delivering coal in Evergreen Park in Chicago’s far south side in 1928, after he decided that a law enforcement career in the corrupt Prohibition era would not provide a secure life for his young family.
The timing was both unfortunate and auspicious, because soon the Great Depression would destroy the U.S. economy. However, Martin Ozinga had not been in business long enough to lose his frugal start-up values, so he carried on, mortgaging his house and drawing on family funds to survive until Depression-era heating subsidy programs could provide some income.
He introduced his three sons to the business, beginning the family dynasty. However, they enlisted to serve in World War II, forcing the company to close for several years. The brothers decided to reopen the business after the war, making wise decisions to move from coal deliveries to aggregates and building materials, and (most significantly) to embrace newly developing ready-mix concrete technologies.
By the late 1980s and early 90s, the business had grown to serve Chicago’s southern suburbs, and it was starting to attract more work in the downtown area. “One of our clients had the faith to give us the contract to build the new Comiskey Park,” Ozinga said. “That got our foot in the door in the downtown Chicago market, traditionally dominated by big local companies.”
Ultimately, the Ozingas took what then seemed a risky step – purchasing riverfront land to build a central-area concrete-batching plant. There was concern that some of the large local competitors would overwhelm the upstart business, but in the end Ozinga outlasted the local competitors (who have been replaced by multinationals.) In recent years, the company has been exploring vertical integration strategies, enhancing its ability to source cement and aggregates, while retaining its independence and regional focus.
Ozinga has always embraced technology, incorporating computerized dispatch systems, laboratories, and state-of-the-art management processes, while at the same time retaining family-oriented values and work ethic.
Very few family-owned businesses survive through the fourth generation. “In our generation, the fourth, six brothers and one cousin are involved,” Tim Ozinga said. The family values extend to many of Ozinga’s employees, with upwards of three generations working for the company.
These values translate to an underlying message that Ozinga doesn’t focus on its profits, but on its faith and community – and more recently, the American worker, as the economy rebounds from the recent severe recession.
“We’ve developed the ‘Born to Build’ Campaign,” Ozinga said. “We’ve been reaching out with video commercials, radio ads and social media, to promote and be an advocate for the American worker. We feel it’s a very exciting time in the industry.”
“We feel the outlook is very promising. Lots of great things are happening. It feels like we are on an upswing. We’re excited for the future.”
Unable to make weekly appointments at our facility in Northfield? Satellite personal training is perfect for accountable and highly motivated long distance clients that are serious about reaching their performance and transformation goals.
Your trainer will develop a complete 12-week personal training program that is individualized to help you reach your sport performance or transformation goals while still training at your own gym. Each 12-week satellite program addresses training, nutrition, and lifestyle.
You will have a combination of monthly face-to-face personal training sessions as well as online interaction with your coach to ensure that the program is being executed properly and that progress and necessary modifications are being made to optimize results.
The Hong Kong & Guangzhou stock footage collection contains 67 (obo 4.35 gb) high definition (1080p) video clips filmed in December 2011. See view night time views from Victoria peak, Canton Tower (2nd tallest tower in the world), Views driving from the 2nd level of a double decker Hong Kong bus, the ferry ride and waterfront views from Hong Kong Island to Kowloon and more. The footage package is available for royalty free licensing use upon on-line purchase and immediately available for download.
1. Upon your payment of the purchase price for the footage package, you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use and reproduce the footage in printed materials, or any electronic or digital form.
The above is subject to the following restrictions. Without limitation, footage clips may not be used:
• for uses covering sensitive subjects including, without limitation, topics that may depict the subject matter of an Footage in a negative or unfavorable light or subject persons to ridicule
• use in retail photo products – these include, without limitation, greeting cards, calendars, postcards, stationery, mouse pads, clothing etc
• for a purpose in respect of which a model or property release is required should such a release not be available. You shall check that the footage has the appropriate releases before using the footage for such a purpose.
2. “Non-transferable” means that the work you produce using our Footage must be for your own use, or if purchased on behalf of your employer or client, your employer or client must be the end-user of your work. You may not sell, rent, loan, give, sublicense, or otherwise transfer to anyone the Footage, or the right to use the Footage package, and nothing you produce shall grant or purport to grant to any third party a right to use or duplicate an Footage. You agree to take all commercially reasonable steps to prevent third parties from duplicating or distributing the Footage.
3. You shall indemnify and defend the photographer against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to (i) a breach of this Agreement, (ii) the use or modification of any Footage or combination of any Footage with any other material, (iii) your failure to abide by any restriction regarding the use of an Footage, or (iv) any claim by a third party related to the use of an Footage, alone or in combination with any other material. The photographer warrants ownership of the copyright for the Footage.
You know you want the best Diamond Springs childcare provider. You may even look throughout El Dorado county. ChildCareAvenue provides you with a list of 3 daycare centers in Diamond Springs, California. We leave the research up to you to find which center is best for your family.
Whilst we use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information published on this website is accurate, current, and complete at the date of publication, no representations or warranties are made (express or implied) as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of such information. We cannot accept any responsibility (to the extent permitted by law) for any loss arising directly or indirectly from the use of, or any action taken in reliance on, any information appearing on this website or any other website to which it may be linked.
We make no warranty that the website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the website.
These terms and conditions only cover the website you are currently browsing. Any other websites to which you link from this site are governed by their own terms and conditions. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content or operation of websites, which are not under our control.
We own the copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in all material and content on this website, which you may use, download, copy, publish, transmit or otherwise make available by any other means only for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of reproduction of the material or content is strictly prohibited.
You may not create any link to, or frame, this website without prior written consent, nor may you restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of it by anyone else.
There is no guarantee that any e-mail you send will be received by us, or that the confidentiality of that e-mail will be maintained during internet transmission.
Any disputes arising from the use of this website shall at all times be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the parties shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
As the Internet can be accessed worldwide, if you are visiting the site from outside the UK, your visit will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. By visiting this site and communicating electronically with us you are consenting to these transfers.
Remember to close down all browser windows when you finish using the website. In fact, if you share a computer with someone else or use a public system (e.g. library, in your office, internet café) then we advise you to shut down the computer. This will help ensure any personal information stored temporarily in the computer's memory is lost.

Jazz visited our st udios on 16th August 2010. Originally from Dorset, Jazz has a distinctive very likable voice oozing with soul, which suits her beautifully crafted songs perfectly. She has a warm, friendly personality and speaks with sincerity and a certain amount of vulnerability. She is quickly establishing herself as an accomplished artist constantly touring and playing the gig circuit and with some very credible and influential fans amongst the music and radio industry.
My philosophy is to offer face-to-face bespoke advice to help clients achieve their personal and business goals. I am committed to building long term trusted relationships, providing an ongoing service regularly reviewing client finances to determine whether they remain suitable.
Our relationship-based service means we put you firmly at the centre of everything we do, whilst having the support and backing of a company.

I visited Parivaar 2 years ago.It was such a inspiration to meet people who genuinely cared about children and their needs.
Parivaar ( www.parivaar.org )is listed on Give India, a very reputed fundraising interface. Give India is having a special event called 'India Giving Challenge' and for 40 days it will match each donation that an organisation raises from amongst its supporters. The period which started from 8th of September will go on till 20th Oct. So if a person donates x amount to Parivaar (through Parivaar's page on Give India site) during this period, it shall be matched with an equal amount and will effectively become 1.91x (a small part is retained by Give for its transaction processing charge).
Last year Parivaar won this contest and emerged as the highest funds-collecting organisation from amongst hundred plus participant organisations. We won about Rs 20 Lacs extra as prizes for this contest.
Donations are welcome during the course of this week (19th to 25th September). That will enable Parivaar to win a Speical Weekly prize in this period.
I wanted to request you all to make a donation (any amount 1k, 2k, 5k, 10k)) through Give India to Parivaar so that it effectively doubled. It will be matched by Give India, and we want to take our fund-collection to 50 Lacs by 20th October.
The most important aspect of leadership is respect . Its not what the group members offer the chosen leader,its what the leader offers the group members.Its not easy to be respectful of people who have flaws.Every human is a imperfect being going towards perfection.
How to respect other people is a lesson, I don't think they teach in management schools.I somehow am amazed, at how my mind is stuck on its own beliefs and refuses to respect other's opinions.May be I belong to the old school, when I say the leader's intention guards the well being of the group.When a person really cares about others , the dormant potential just rises up.
"If I doubt astrology to a believer, I am looked at with a shocked and bewildered stare, as if I were attacking apple pie and motherhood." Anthony Standen, Forget Your Sun Sign, 1977.
An updated and expanded version of this article (more quotes, more tests), and of this website generally, is in the 2013 book Astrology under Scrutiny compiled by the compilers of this website. For details see bottom of home page. But the case for and against astrology remains the same.
Abstract -- Eleven representative views of astrologers 1863-2006 imply that astrology is all-revealing, factual, inarguably true, applicable to everything including past lives, enthralling to thinkers, soon to dominate scientific thought, the key to a new world view, and more. Just study it seriously, they say, and you will be convinced it works. But seven representative views of scientists 1930-1998 who studied it seriously imply the exact opposite. This conflict of views can be explained by differences in what astrology means to different people, by differences in what astrology claims, and by the failure of astrologers to allow for non-astrological factors (hidden persuaders) that lead to astrology-like outcomes. The case against astrology is that it is untrue, it has failed hundreds of tests, and astrologers do not usefully agree on what a given birth chart indicates. The case for astrology is that a warm and sympathetic astrologer provides low-cost non-threatening therapy that is otherwise hard to come by. Much the same applies to sun sign astrology but at a more basic level. In short, there is more to astrology than being true or false. But astrology is an easy target for commercial abuse. It also faces strong competition from hundreds of self-help psychology books that it may or may not survive once its true nature becomes more widely known. Includes tests of validity and agreement, and insights into how not to test astrology.

An innovative new program offers participants a unique opportunity to learn the processes and techniques of historic preservation
The National Civic Art Society announces their 2016 “Classical Architecture, Classical Values” walking tours, which will demonstrate the enduring connection between core American values and the classical architecture of the nation’s capital.
Morristown National Historical Park will welcome author David Veasey on March 12, 2016 for an illustrated talk on his book, New Jersey’s Colonial Architecture Told in 100 Buildings.
The Writers House officially opened on November 17 and will be the home to the MFA program and the English department.
Kean University will host a workshop on Vernacular Architecture, or “building without architects,” on Saturday, Sept. 19.
The National Civic Art Society? is seeking a college intern for the summer to help them protect and advance a beautiful and meaningful American civic realm.
This past Halloween weekend the exhibition Sylvan Cemetery: Architecture, Art and Landscape at Woodlawn Cemetery closed at the Wallach Gallery at Columbia […]
From the National Building Museum: In 1996 the National Building Museum instituted Investigating Where we Live, a program bringing together middle […]
From The Washington Chapter of the American Institute of Architects: From April 21 to May 1, 2014, Washington D.C. will […]
By Linda Shopes If buildings define a place, then the structures designed by Philadelphia architect Frank Furness (1839 – 1912) […]

FCR Stands for Facilitating Commerce & Relationships. We’re a full service sales and digital marketing company headquartered in Dublin that offer website design, SEO, SEM and PPC, among others.


Random musings on STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics), art, and personal adventures
With this motivational quote, I start my own weblog. This blog is an aggregation of my thoughts and ideas coming to my mind. I always wanted a platform to have an open conversation with people around the world.
I’ll be talking about science, engineering, technology, mathematics, art, and some of my personal experiences. If you are interested to read all posts on my blog then you are welcome to do so, if not then I will categorize the posts based on topics.
You can make any type of comment here: constructive, destructive, criticizing or encouraging. What I want is a greater level of thought interaction with you.
(CNN) President Donald Trump told Puerto Rican officials Tuesday they should be "very proud" that hundreds of people haven't died after Hurricane Maria as they did in "a real catastrophe like Katrina."
"Every death is a horror," Trump said, "but if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina and you look at the tremendous -- hundreds and hundreds of people that died -- and you look at what happened here with, really, a storm that was just totally overpowering ... no one has ever seen anything like this."
"16 people certified," Trump said. "Sixteen people versus in the thousands. You can be very proud of all of your people and all of our people working together. Sixteen versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everybody watching can really be very proud of what's taken place in Puerto Rico."
"I've established from the get-go that due to the magnitude of this event it is likely that that number is going to go up," Rosselló told reporters at a news conference Tuesday.
The White House has pushed back on the notion that Maria is this administration's version of Katrina, and the President praised relief efforts in Puerto Rico as he departed Washington Tuesday.
"I think we've done just as good in Puerto Rico and it's actually a much tougher situation," Trump told reporters on the South Lawn of the White House. "But now the roads are clear, communications starting to come back."
On the ground in Puerto Rico, Trump also appeared to blame the island and its 3.5 million residents for throwing the federal budget "a little out of whack."
"I hate to tell you Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack," Trump said with a grin. "Because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico and that's fine, we've saved a lot of lives."
But the bulk of Trump's remarks on Tuesday focused on praising his administration's response to the destructive hurricane, even as more than half of the island's roughly 3.5 million residents still lack access to potable water and as nearly all of the island remains without power.


William Bezmen from Pathways To Health discusses Neuro Feedback and how it can help an individual correct a disregulated brain wave imbalance into a normal regulated organized pattern.
Intro to Neuro Feedback …. What is it and how can it help you and your family from William Bezmen on Vimeo.


Globalization, trade liberalization and poverty alleviation in Southeast Asia: the case of the livestock sector in Vietnam
Time-series cloud noise mapping and reduction algorithm for improved vegetation and drought monitoring
Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectro-radiometer (MODIS) time-series Normalized Differential Vegetation Index (NDVI) products are regularly used for vegetation monitoring missions and climate change analysis. However, satellite observation is affected by the atmospheric condition, cloud state and shadows introducing noise in the data. MODIS state flag helps in understanding pixel quality but overestimates the noise and hence its usability requires further scrutiny. This study has analyzed MODIS MOD09A1 annual data set over Sri Lanka. The study presents a simple and effective noise mapping method which integrates four state flag parameters (i.e. cloud state, cloud shadow, cirrus detected, and internal cloud algorithm flag) to estimate Cloud Possibility Index (CPI). Usability of CPI is analyzed along with NDVI for noise elimination. Then the gaps generated due to noise elimination are reconstructed and performance of the reconstruction model is assessed over simulated data with five different levels of random gaps (10–50%) and four different statistical measures (i.e. Root mean square error, mean absolute error, mean bias error, and mean absolute percentage error). The sample-based analysis over homogeneous and heterogeneous pixels have revealed that CPI-based noise elimination has increased the detection accuracy of number of growing cycle from 45–60% to 85–95% in vegetated regions. The study cautions that usage of time-series NDVI data without proper cloud correction mechanism would result in wrong estimation about spatial distribution and intensity of drought, and in our study 50% of area is wrongly reported to be under drought though there was no major drought in 2014.

The Episcopal Diocese of L.A. is geographically one of the nation’s largest faith communities. It comprises five-and-a-quarter Southern California counties; creating a rich, diverse community where ALL are welcome.
The finest orators and leaders share their vision in a way that stirs the spirit. The Episcopal Diocese of L.A. is home to “spirit stirrers” aplenty. Engage with the powerful, empowering, & uplifting voices of the diocese.
From traditional hymns to modern anthems, the choirs, musicians, vocalists, and bands of the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles will get your feet tapping & your soul singing. Explore the soundtrack to your spiritual life!
A two-day course, Using Your Hands to Heal: Healing Touch Spiritual Ministry 103, will incorporate a variety of healing modalities…
» Resources for Parishes Welcoming Deaf and Hard of Hearing People Resources for Parishes Welcoming Deaf and Hard of Hearing People | Episcopal Diocese of New York

Author Information: Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, West German Heart and Vascular Center Essen, University Hospital Essen, Essen, Germany
Preoperative liver dysfunction is a well-known risk factor for adverse events after major surgery. However, there is only little data regarding the precise role of the Model of End-Stage Liver Disease (MELD) score and the De Ritis ratio (DRR, alanine transaminase/aspartate aminotransferase) as a predictor for outcome after left ventricular assist device (LVAD) implantation.
A retrospective analysis of all patients undergoing LVAD implantation at our institution between January 2012 and August 2014 was performed. The primary outcome was survival at 180 days after surgery.
During the observation period, 63 patients underwent LVAD implantation (mean age 59.9 ± 8.3 years, 50% male). Mean preoperative ejection fraction was 16.3 ± 7.7, 13 patients required preoperative renal replacement therapy and 9 patients were on extracorporeal life support. Mean Interagency Registry for Mechanically Assisted Circulatory Support level was 2.8 ± 1.3, mean preoperative MELD was 12.7 ± 7.2, mean preoperative DRR was 2.01 ± 4.4. Aspartate aminotransferase (102 ± 220.8 vs 57.8 ± 123.4 U/l, P = 0.041), MELD score (16.1 ± 8.8 vs 11.4 ± 6.1, P = 0.017) and DRR (4.2 ± 7.8 vs 1.1 ± 1.1, P = 0.001) were significantly higher in non-survivors than in survivors after 180 days. Using logistic regression analyses, a DRR >1.37 was an independent predictor for 30-day mortality [odds ratio (OR) 4.5] and 180-day mortality (OR 4.1). In addition, the DRR was associated with postoperative acute kidney injury with need for renal replacement therapy (OR 4.2) and prolonged postoperative ventilation time >72 h (OR 3.8). Using receiver operator characteristics analyses, DRR showed a sensitivity of 0.80 and a specificity of 0.81 (area under the curve 0.834, cut-off 1.37) for 180-day mortality.
The DRR is predictive of early and mid-term mortality as well as relevant morbidities in patients undergoing LVAD implantation. Therefore, the DRR should be considered within the preoperative risk stratification and patient selection for LVAD implantation.


The San Lorenzo Library has been awarded a Curiosity Creates grant from the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association. The grant will fund a portable makerspace and podcast programming at the library for children ages 6-14 through May 2016.
“The goal of the project is to expose children and young teens to new materials that they might not have encountered before, and to give them the confidence to explore new concepts independently,” said Jesse Nachem, Children’s Librarian. Materials for the new makerspace kits include: duct tape, leatherworking, crochet, felting, and motorized Lego©. The library will hold group workshops introducing each material and skill and small portable kits will be created so young library patrons can use them in the library on their own, or with minimal supervision. In addition, sessions on 3D printing will also be provided.
Included in the project will be a monthly podcast, including interviews with makerspace participants. The first podcast introducing the grant will be recorded on December 16, 2015 in the San Lorenzo Library Community Room, where young patrons and their caregivers are invited to participate in a brief interview about creativity and makerspaces.
The San Lorenzo Library is the original branch of the Alameda County Library, established in 1910. The library opened in a newly expanded building in August 2015, and features a Learning Center, Community Room, new computers and media, and a wide array of programming for children, teens and adults.
You are currently browsing the San Lorenzo Library Notes blog archives for the day Tuesday, December 8th, 2015.



Last week I finally traveled to the distant Northern lands of Cary, NC for some open stages. (Cary, in case you were wondering, is about a 90 minute drive from Fayetteville. This makes it Really, Really Far Away if you’re like me and hate driving anywhere after work.)
First I stopped in Fuquay-Varina at the Fainting Goat Brewing Company, where I met some lovely folks and sampled delicious cider. Then it was off to The Corner Tavern and Grill in Cary, where I got to experience an outdoor open stage for the first time. They asked me to come back and play on a live music night, which was nice! It’s always a self esteem boost when someone wants to listen to you play again. 😉
Since I’ve given up on performing every week, my new (slightly more realistic) goal is to make it up to Raleigh and/or Cary once a month. There are lots of places to visit. Despite the vast and treacherous distance, I was glad I went. And I look forward to going back!
Manager Alberto Bianco is a lucky guy. He makes a lot of money, lives in an awesome mansion with swimming pool, and gets a chance to fuck his secretary Susy Gala whenever he wants to! What a life. Sit back, and see for yourself...
The busty brunette hot babe with brown eyes walks up to her boss and seduces him by grabbing him by the balls. The tattooed glamour porn star from Spain is so hot, Alberto's dick get hard the moment he sees her. She takes off her bra and wraps her massive jugs around his thick dick for a titty fuck. Soon, she blows his rod and sucks his balls before riding that dong like a wild cowgirl. Fucking the secretary under the sun is Alberto's favorite way to start the day! He slides his shaft deep into her wet pussy and fucks her so hard, Susy Gala can't stop moaning! Alberto bangs her doggy style and licks her tasty shaved pussy which makes that horny nerdy bombshell orgasm multiple times! Finally, the stud blows his cum on her belly, leaving her with the best all-natural sun screen there is...

Obviously, each developer working on OpenBSD has their own aims and priorities, but it is possible to classify the goals we all share:
Provide the best development platform possible. Provide full source access to developers and users, including the ability to look at CVS tree changes directly. Users can even look at our source tree and changes directly on the web!
Integrate good code from any source with acceptable licenses. ISC or Berkeley style licences are preferred, the GPL is not acceptable when adding new code, NDAs are never acceptable. We want to make available source code that anyone can use for ANY PURPOSE, with no restrictions. We strive to make our software robust and secure, and encourage companies to use whichever pieces they want to. There are commercial spin-offs of OpenBSD.
Pay attention to security problems and fix them before anyone else does. (Try to be the #1 most secure operating system.)
Greater integration of cryptographic software. OpenBSD is developed and released from Canada and due to Canadian law it is legal to export crypto to the world (as researched by a Canadian individual and as documented in the Export Control list of Canada).
Work towards a very machine independent source tree. Support as many different systems and hardware as feasible.
Focus on being developer-oriented in all senses, including holding developer-only events called hackathons.
This map approximates where our developers live. We will attempt to update it occasionally, but please don't count on that.
It was Veteran’s Day yesterday and I celebrated our vets with my big tit photos. I have a cousin overseas serving in the army. I Skyped with him last night and some of his troop buddies. They all got such joy jacking off to my big tits. I showed them more than my big boobs too. I enjoyed rubbing my bald pussy while they jacked off. They were all gathered around my cousin’s computer rubbing their dicks to me. Made me feel so good too. I am an exhibitionist slut. I get off showing my big tits and sexy BBW body off to American soldiers. They deserve to have some hot fun for all they do to protect us. My wet bald pussy is always wetter with men in uniform. I told them how to stroke their cocks for me. They told me how to rub my pussy for them. I fucked my cunt with a camo dildo in honor of them and veterans everywhere. I made a few soldiers happy and they made me very happy too. Happy Veterans day to all the active and retired soldiers.
I love playing with my wet bald pussy. I was such a naughty girl yesterday. I was expecting an Amazon delivery. The guy that normally delivers my orders is fucking hot. I have French doors where the deliveries arrive. So, I decided that I be waiting for him. Naked and masturbating. If my naked sexy BBW body didn’t get his attention, nothing would. I know he is married. I have seen the ring when I have signed for packages. His package, however, is the only one I wanted. I could tell he was hung. He was flirty in the past, but never overtly so. There was always the chance he wouldn’t physically cheat, but I was hoping the site of seeing me play with my pussy would convince him if he was on the fence. My bravado worked. He rang the bell, licked his lips and pulled out his huge cock. I opened the door and we fucked. Right there on my foyer floor. He was better hung than I imagined. We didn’t say much. There was a lot of grunting and moaning. It didn’t last long for either of us. I was squirting all over his cock as he was cumming inside me. I lied when I told him I was on protection. I am hoping this hot random encounter might knock me up.
My big tit photos are my super power. I was at a Halloween party last night. I was dressed as wonder woman, but I made sure to show off my boobs. At this party, there were lots of handsome men. I was horny. Hornier than usual. Something about dressing up in sexy costumes makes me super wet. This was not just a typical Halloween Party. It was a swinger’s party. I have some neighbors that live across the street from me. They are lifestyle swingers. I have had some hot threesomes with them before. They invited me to their masquerade party. I was dressed up and wearing a mask. I wouldn’t know anyone at the party anyway, but if anyone did know me, they would recognize my big boobs. It wasn’t a key party. Men bid on who they wanted to fuck. It was a charity swinger’s party with all money raised going to help the victims of the recent Pittsburgh shooting. I was down to help anyway I could because that’s my city. I had hoped my sexy BBW body would make me a popular choice. I was right. There was a bidding war for me. The winner of my company for the night was Ted. I never saw his face. I’m not sure that was his real name, but he was not the only winner of the night. I won too because not only did he pay $5,000 for me that was going to a great cause, by my high bidder had a huge cock. He was married. I assumed his wife was one of the women bid on along with me, but I was just focusing on his big cock in my wet bald pussy. Damn, I made sure he got his money’s worth. I fucked him all night in my pussy and ass. Hottest Halloween party of my life.
Titty fucking phone sex? Yes, please. My big tits are hungry. I called over one of my married fuck buddies last night. He is obsessed with my boobs. I bet you are too. I met him in the grocery store a few months ago. We have been fucking ever since. He is my titty fucking lover. He fucks my pussy and ass too, but it is my big boobs he must have first. We titty fuck, so he will cum on my boobs. He is a quick cummer. I let him jizz on my boobs the first time. This way he lasts a little longer when he is deep inside my wet bald pussy. I love his cock. It works, it’s big and it is always hard for me. The only problem is that he can be a minute man. I edge him, even deny him. Most times, however, I just let him cum on my boobs then wait for him to get hard again. In between cums, he is always between my legs eating my pussy which makes him hard again easily. He is worth working with because his cock is big for a white guy. I think the issue is he doesn’t get fucked enough. His wife isn’t fucking him, and I only see him maybe once a week. He says he watches too much porn and is a chronic masturbater too. I had to lay down some rules. No porn, no touching himself for 3 days before we see each other. He will pop quickly on my tits, but he is never completely drained, which means he is hard again quickly. He can fuck a solid 30 minutes on round two. Some men just need a sexy BBW who knows some edging and tease and denial tricks to get the most out of his cock. Do you need some guided masturbation?
I love exhibitionist phone sex calls. I have a thick and juicy body that I love to flaunt. I have been showing my sexy BBW body off for years now. Last night, I talked to a nudist and an exhibitionist. He loves being naked in his house and doing things like ordering delivery food. He likes to see the reaction of people when they see a naked man at the door. He inspired me last night. Normally, I just flash guys my big tits. I have never greeted a delivery guy naked. That all changed after my call. This morning, I was expecting the bug guy. My place gets treated quarterly. When he arrived, I answered the door in my birthday suit. I told him a little white lie. I said I was a nudist. He couldn’t take his eyes off my sexy BBW phone sex body. I glanced at his crotch and saw the wood rising. “Did I do that,” I asked coyly, knowing full well that my sexy curves made him hard. I unzipped his pants, pulled out his hard cock and went down on him. He had a serious woody which I took as a high compliment. I love giving men boners. I am no cock tease though, I satisfied him. I let him fuck my plump pussy before he got to work on my house. If you are a good girl and you create a problem, you should take care of the problem too.
He asked for some big tit photos, but I gave him something better. I gave him some face time with my big jugs. I could have gotten arrested because he was still in high school. He is the son of this married man I am fucking. The boy has developed a crush on me. I don’t think daddy would approve, but since I don’t think daddy’s wife would approve of us fucking, I didn’t give a fuck that I was seducing his teen boy. I wasn’t touching him. I was just showing him my big tits. What high school boy doesn’t want to see a pair of real 44 EE boobs? We played a game of show me yours and I will show you mine. His daddy has a big dick, so I thought junior might too. Perhaps I have been fucking the wrong man in the family. Junior was bigger than daddy. Much bigger. And, since he was half his age, my guess was his stamina was better. We made a mutual masturbation porn. I told him how to stroke his cock. He told me how to rub my pussy. I know I could go to jail for even masturbation with a jailbait boy, but he is worth the risk. I might just replace daddy with his son.
My doctor likes big tit fucking. I had no clue until I went to his office for a routine check up. I just wanted my flu shot, but he thought I needed a breast exam. That was my clue he was a big titty man. He is my general practitioner not my gynecologist. I have been going to the GP for years and he was the first one to offer up a breast exam. I knew what was going on. He just wanted to see my big tits. I didn’t feel like denying him. He is hot. An older man with salt and pepper hair. When he was listening to my chest, I grabbed his cock. I felt how hard he was and asked if he wanted to be in between my big jugs. He didn’t hesitate once. I know guys in this climate are afraid of sexual harassment, but I wouldn’t report him for misconduct. I was encouraging his bad behavior because I wanted his cock between my tits and in my wet bald pussy. He had patients waiting to see him, but he made them wait while he fucked my titties. I could see his purple throbbing cum oozing cock head between my sexy breasts and it just made me wetter for him. On the exam table, I bounced up and down his cock until he shot a huge load of jizz inside my pussy. The only shot I really needed was the shot of cum he gave me.
I love bisexual phone sex. I make it no secret that I like pussy too. I will take a sexy babe over a small dick any day. My girlfriend and I went bar hopping over the weekend. We met this tall handsome older man. We assumed by his bravado and height, he had a large cock. He had some swagger that usually means the guy is endowed. We love sharing dick together. We took him back to my place. He is married, just in town for a fraternity reunion. He of course was happy to have a threesome with two sexy BBWs. I unzipped his pants, expecting to see at least an 8-inch cock. We were both sad to see that his dick was smaller than average. We decided we would rather play with each other than fuck a cock so small we wouldn’t feel it. I mean the chances were high that he would fall right out of us. We told him to have a seat and watch. He was officially benched for the night. Sherri has big boobs like mine. We brought out some whip cream and chocolate syrup and made sundaes out of our boobs. Wasn’t the cum shots on tits our companion was expecting, but it was a yummy hot sticky mess. We made each other cum while neglecting our sidelined guest. When we came up for air, we realized he was beating off his short dick. He appeared to like the BBW on BBW show we gave him. I bet you would have enjoyed it too.
GFE phone sex is why guys call me. Look at me? I am a sexy BBW with the tits and ass you crave. My neighbor certainly can’t get enough. He is always sneaking over once his wife leaves for work. This morning, he brought me over a $200 Starbucks card just for being me. Every time he comes over, he brings me a nice gift, cash or a gift card to one of my favorite places like today. He doesn’t need to spoil me because he is a married man with a nice cock. I would fuck him for free, but I never turn down presents. When he arrived, he was in his work clothes. He was even holding his briefcase. I was wet just seeing him all decked out for work. I unzipped his pants ready to stroke him, but he was ready to go. He was rock hard. He said it was from seeing my sexy big breasts. Whatever the reason, I was happy to see he was rock hard. I knew he didn’t have much time, so I was happy to just give him head. He wanted to give me a hot squirting pussy first. Married men love making me cum. I rode his face, feeling his tongue wash over my clit and taint. I started grinding my wet pussy on his face drenching his face in my BBW juice. While I was sitting on my lover’s face, I thought I could suck his cock while he was eating my pussy, but before I got my mouth on his cock, he blew his load on my face. He said that my pussy tasted so good and I was responding so well to his mouth and fingers, he overheated lol. I took that as a high compliment. My cunt tastes so good it makes my married lover cum!
I love showing off my wet bald cunt. Usually, I just show it off online and to my lovers, but I am a huge exhibitionist and sometimes I can’t help myself. I love showing off m sexy BBW body. Sometimes, I take huge risks like last night. I was in the grocery store and I had on a skirt with no panties. I saw this hot married man checking me out and I wanted him to see more. I dropped something just so he could check out my pussy. I heard the heaving breathing and the “oh god.” I turned around and smiled and said, “See anything you like?” He looked around to make sure no one was nearby, then he grabbed his dick and smiled. I wanted his cock up my plump pussy badly, but we were at Giant Eagle. It would get us arrested if I fucked him in the cereal aisle. He had a better idea. His brand new SUV. I was happy to christen it, make it his cheating fuckmobile. There was plenty of room for my big ass and his huge cock in the back. Tinted windows took some of the fun out of this tryst in broad daylight, but I still enjoyed his cock in my ass and pussy. He was clearly in need of a ball draining. This was not my first hardcore ass fucking in a car, but it was the best. I am still sore, but damn it hurt so good. I need to pick up more married men at the grocery store. They fuck me so well.

Honeymoon planning and shopping…Shopping for summer /holiday pieces during winter is one of the hardest tasks ever! Why didn’t anyone tell me?
If you are following me on Instagram, you’ll know I’ve been away for my honeymoon to sunny Thailand and rainy Bali. I’ll come back to these 2 places in a second…but first…the planning.
I started planning, sort of, just after my wedding in October. I had a clear idea of my destinations and when I wanted to go, it had to be January. A break from the winter chills and a strategic escape of January blues.
Did I say planning, I suck at that. I am a pathetic planner. After a few weeks trying to organize the trip by myself, I got carried away and then I gave up. A colleague at work recommended a travel agent and I was on the phone with them right away. ( If you need recommendations, hit me up).
This was circa last November. At this point, my whole existence had already fasted forward to January. I could not wait. I had a bright idea of doing a vlog, but then, I didn’t want to take the element of privacy and relaxation out of the whole experience, so I decided not to. If it was a press trip, a vlog would be appropriate…
Hic…as a Nigerian passport holder, I had to apply for a visa for both countries. Roll my eyes. The moment I realised I’ve been on my Indefinite Leave Permit for too long…way too long…
Shopping for summer /holiday pieces during winter is one of the hardest tasks ever! Why didn’t anyone tell me?
I was unable to find anything in stores. Only winter pieces, even in department stores. How did people survive before e-commerce?
If you know me well, you know all roads lead to Figleaves when it comes to lingerie, swimwear, underwear shopping. The variety they offer just makes my shopping life so easy and I don’t have to scout the entire world wide web for anything under these categories. Now that summer holidays are fast approaching, it’s the perfect time to check out their new collection, including this gorgeous piece I wore here and here.
I also made a great discovery whilst scouting for bits, Next carry a small range for ladies with big busts as well and their holiday collection is impressive. Peep this swimwear from Next.
Talking about Next, one of the best things I packed with me was this cover up. Ok, I’m not as confident as you may think about my body, I’m not one of those women who strut around in their bikini all day. This was my go-to piece at our resort in Phuket.
Hands down one of my biggest essentials, a pair of slim plain Havaianas flip flops and they are super affordable too. I barely wore any other sandals in all two weeks. I wore these from the sandy beach in Phuket to the tropical storm in Bali, and trust me, I took with me one too many pairs of footwear options – just in case.
Let’s be honest, if you are laying about on the beach or by the pool, you need little or no accessories or makeup, of course, sunglasses are an exception. But in saying that, a little touch of details is always a good idea, like a straw hat or scarf, or my recent obsession, gipsy/boho jewellery.
Forget the statement straw hats with a personalized message, that’s so 2016, let’s talk classic straw hats like this Trilby hat from Next. I also like the idea of a backpack for mini-adventures, it was a perfect choice for going out and about, for example, our trip to the Elephant Sanctuary in Phuket. Ahhh, last but not least, a waterproof phone case might also come in handy…just saying. I have linked one below.
That’s it for my honeymoon planning and shopping. I’ll share more about the destinations in my next post. Please don’t forget to leave comments and show some love if you’ve enjoyed reading this post.
HEhehe!!! Can’t wait for Spring and warmer temperatures. But London is home and It’s a good feeling coming back home. I would love to do more travelling. 🙂
The majority of people who complete the exam have little intention of entering the military. However, it’s important to keep in mind that the United States military is actually one of the nation’s largest employers. If you’re undecided about your future after high school graduation, taking the test can give you a better picture of your options in both civilian and military life.
25.	Use the following passage to answer questions 25 and 26. Sarah is about to fly from New York to Los Angeles. She packs the night before and checks her list three times. Anxiety keeps her from sleeping well. The next morning, she accidentally puts salt in her coffee instead of sugar. She forgets her purse and has to go back to the house to get it. Finally, she arrives at the airport just in time to catch her flight. The flight is uneventful, and soon Sarah is landing at LAX. Her sister is waiting for her. What was the main idea of this passage?	
Your performance in four basic areas – Arithmetic Reasoning (AR), Mathematics Knowledge (MK), Paragraph Comprehension (PC), and Word Knowledge (WK) determines whether you’ve made the grade. Your scores in the AR, MK, and Verbal Composite (VE, which is WK+PC) sections add up to the all-important “AFQT” (Armed Forces Qualifying Test) score that recruiters use to see if you are eligible to serve.
In order to perform well on the ASVAB, you should take a practice test to get an idea of what you’ll encounter on the actual test. Also, completing a practice test will help you to feel more at ease on test day. Reading the test instructions and focusing your full attention on each question are both important steps to take. As you work through the test, avoid spending too much time on a single question. The test has a time limit and you don’t want to fall into the trap of running out of time before you arrive at the end of the test. Taking the time to provide thoughtful answers to test questions allows you to offer a clear picture of your skills and capabilities. Earning a high score on the ASVAB may give you more options when it comes to choosing a specialty.
The Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps each provide tuition assistance (a "kicker") in addition to what you earn through the Montgomery GI Bill. Each service controls the amount of extra money it provides. The Army fund increases the amount of support to as much as $70,000, the Navy fund increases the amount of support to as much as $50,000 and the Marine Corps fund increases the amount of support to as much as $30,000. College Funds are awarded on a competitive basis according to academic merit (i.e., scoring in the top half of the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery). To qualify one must also agree to serve six years.
The test must be completed if you wish to serve in the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, or Coast Guard. The test can also be taken as a career-exploration tool if you are a high school sophomore, junior, or senior. It takes approximately three hours to complete. If you take the computerized version of the test, results are given immediately. If you complete a paper and pencil test, you’ll get results within two weeks.
The P&P-ASVAB gives you a set number of questions to answer and a set time limit. If you finish a section before your time runs out, you may go back and review your answers and change them if you want to. It’s better to answer all of the questions on the P&P-ASVAB – there is no penalty for guessing because only correct answers are added to make up your final score.

iPhone LCD Display Backlight Film is iPhone repair parts. They are designed for the replacement of damaged iPhone 4/4s, iPhone 5/5c/5s, iPhone 6/6plus/6s/6s plus , iPhone 7/7plus LCD display backlight film. The high quality LCD display backlight film will work perfect performance for your iPhone refurbis and repair.

I'm a fourth year medical student at Boston University School of Medicine (I will graduate and get my M.D. this May!). I've had a passion for tutoring and teaching for the past 5 years. One of my achievements that I'm most proud of is scoring in the 99th percentile on both USMLE Step 1 and Step...
I am a medical physician with experience in General Practice and Obstetrics and Gynecology. Over years of teaching I have adapted an approach that fits best with students goals. Upon initiating a lesson plan, I encourage students to be open about their goals and commitments, which I feel...
I have my bachelor's degree in journalism and a master's degree in journalism and two years of tutoring experience at the professional level. I am here to help with subjects such as anatomy, physiology, psychology, and pharmacology. I enjoy running, reading, and acting in my free time...
Hi! I am an experienced and patient science tutor for both middle and high school students. I have taught over a 1000 students during my 7 years in the classroom in the following subjects: Biology, Honors Biology, Anatomy & Physiology, and Physical Science. I have also tutored in Biology, Honors...
Here's a little bit about me: I'm from the East Coast and have a B.S. in Exercise Physiology/Chemistry. In college I worked as a Tutor and Supplemental Instructor at the academic support center of my university. After graduating in 2012, I worked for 3 years at the National Institutes of Health...
I'm attending the University of Southern California to earn a master's degree. I already have a master's degree in public health that I earned at the University of Texas- Houston, and I also earned a bachelor's degree at the University of California - San Diego in biochemistry. As a tutor, I...
Hey there! I'm Kyle, a recent Caltech graduate with a degree in biology and work experience in aerospace engineering, particle physics, synthetic biology--even lighting design for live concerts! I've done a little bit of everything, but I got my start tutoring in high school by teaching guitar...
I have a BA degree in Kinesiology emphasis on Pre-Physical Therapy. I've never tutored formally but have tutored colleagues back in college, and have tutored elementary and middle school aged here and there. I am very flexible and is willing to also help tutor with other subjects. I love to help...
I've been in love with science, a way to understand the world around me, since I was very young, and luckily, had a parent who encouraged that by providing me with as many science books as I could read. I adore the scientific method of forming a hypothesis, working to prove or disprove it, and...
Konnichiwa (Hello), Japanese learners. My nick name is Chi-sensei. I have a total of over 7 years of tutoring experience. I had taught science and English as a private home tutor and three-on-one tutor at a supplemental school when I was in Japan but now I am teaching Japanese language online...
Hello guys, I am Ebru and I was raised and born in Turkey, my major is Turkish language and Turkish Teaching. I worked in many high schools and special courses as a Turkish language, Turkish grammar and literature teacher. So if you would like to learn Turkish, you are in right address. I was...
I graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a bachelor's degree in Art History. I then earned my Doctor of Philosophy in American Studies from the University of Minnesota in the Twin Cities. I have over 10 years of experience teaching English, writing, history, and reading to students in...
My commitment is to provide a customized lesson based on individual student attributes and needs. I enjoy exploring concepts with students and applying them to real world scenarios to encourage critical thinking. Over the course of my undergraduate and clinical career I've accumulated over 900...
My name is Kim B. I am excited to have this opportunity to assist children, teens and/or adults with their educational development. I hold a bachelor's degree in Philosophy from the University of California, San Diego; a master's degree in Philosophy from San Diego State University; and a Ph.D...
My name is Markos and I enjoyed the working in the medical field very much, I took the decision of conducting research. As result, I decided to return back to school to obtain a PHD in Biomedical Engineering with a focus in Neuroscience. Upon going back to school, I had to take several...
In less than 3 years of study, I graduated with honors from UC Berkeley in 2012 and was inducted into Psi Chi, The International Psychology Honors Society, in the same year. My coursework focused mainly on Psychology and the Pre-Medical Sciences and Mathematics. My favorite classes were...
Hi everyone, my background in tutoring stems from work I did with the LA Youth crisis center where I volunteered tutoring the group of teens that were living there. The structure there had a bit of a classroom feel with an effort to understand each students needs. My personal style is to have...
A great tutor will make you a better student, but as a Certified Academic Manager I do more than that. My specialty is turning academic drudgery into discovery ? changing the way you think about your work. Along with your confidence, you'll see your grades go up. But more importantly, I'll show...
I am a recent graduate of Cal State Long Beach. I have a B.S. in microbiology with a minor in chemistry, but have enjoyed learning and teaching other subjects. I started tutoring while in high school and have had the opportunity to adapt my teaching methods to various learning styles. I've...
I have spent my most of my life in academia, having achieved a Ph.D. in Biology. I have taught at the university level for several years, run labs and mentored undergraduate and graduate students, and given a variety of lectures to the general public on scientific concepts. I am presently...
Hi everyone! My name is Arman and I have graduated from the University of California, Irvine. I plan on applying to medical school in the near future. My interests in the STEM field is rooted in my passion and curiosity for understanding the natural world. Additionally, I have profound...
I cherish every student, but I don?t necessarily want to build a long-term relationship with them. At the cost of tutoring, that is not a good deal for everyone. I will quickly fill in the gaps, get you caught up, and teach you how to deal with new concepts on your own. Later, if your subject...
My name is Leanne L. and I am a graduate of UC Berkeley with a degree in Integrative Biology. I also have a Master's Degree in Biology from CSUN. My experiences as a elementary and junior high school science teacher and tutor at a career college have afforded me the opportunity to interact with...
Hi there! My name is Nicole, and I have been tutoring for nearly 10 years now. I started tutoring in high school, fell in love with it, and have been doing it professionally ever since. My extensive experience has given me the opportunity to become familiar with not only many different types of...
Hi! My name is Peter P., and I would like to specialize in tutoring in biology and math, especially AP biology and college level biology classes, including upper division biology classes. I have an undergraduate degree in molecular and cell biology (with emphasis in immunology) from UC Berkeley...
My background is rooted in science and mathematics with degrees in Biology (BS, Minors in Chemistry and Computer Science) and Distillation(MSc). Focal points include: ?biology (microbiology, zoology, genetics, bioinformatics and genomics) ?statistical analysis ?programming (C++, java, C#,...
Connecting with Anatomy Tutors at Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles is easy on Uloop.com. Browse for Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles Anatomy Tutors and more in and around Los Angeles, CA. You can check out Anatomy Tutors listings from Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles students and profiles from local Los Angeles residents. To make things easier, you can narrow your Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles Anatomy Tutors search down using filters to refine results and enhance your tutor search experience. Share relevant Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles Anatomy tutors with Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles classmates to make the tutor search process even faster for them. Utilize Uloop.com to find Marinello Schools of Beauty-Los Angeles Anatomy tutors today!
About Us | Support Our Troops | What's New | A Place to Connect and Share® | Meet Our Marines | Outreach MarineParents.com, Inc. is an IRS-approved 501(c)(3) public charity.
If it's new on the web site, you'll find it on one of our announcement pages! Different topics will be of interest to you throughout your Marine's career. Choose from the categories of Marine Parents' web sites to the right. The most recent announcements will be at the top.
Be sure to sign up for our daily newsletter to get additional updates and news. There's a signup box at the bottom of every page of the web site.

How do I let go of the past? “When you have a sensation of desire for the past rise up in you. Look at it, feel it, and acknowledge that sensation and say unto yourself… “I am moving beyond this … Continue reading →
Good night Abraham. Good night sweet heart. I am thinking about the people I am working with who are living in fear that they are being attacked by a demon. Yes. They are looking to me for advice. What do … Continue reading →
I don’t spend much time working with darker energies. Abraham refers to all energy as either “Beneficial or Non-beneficial” He makes no reference to anything specific. So all the dark and scary names we might use never come up. To … Continue reading →
If you are desperate to get back together with someone or desperate to change the way someone is treating you. Stop it! Nothing you do toward the other person will change the way you feel. It isn’t what someone else … Continue reading →
When you find your self trying to take pity on someone and telling them. “It’s okay, happens all the time.” You are really aligning yourself with the same behaviour and allowing it to manifest into the future. Keep a … Continue reading →
I don’t really have any phobias, but I do have two things that can make me feel a bit frightened, unguarded railroad track Crossings and Heights. Both of these can bring on a tightening sensation in my legs and locking … Continue reading →
Sometimes it’s not the things we say, it’s the things we didn’t say! I didn’t tell myself stop it when I was over eating! I didn’t recognize that I was actually forcing myself to eat more than I should, to … Continue reading →
Telling yourself “don’t cry” is a really bad idea, because there’s more emphasis on the word crying then there is on don’t. That little word “don’t” doesn’t have enough power to hold up against the wave of emotion that was … Continue reading →


love this dress, actually same with the picture and detail, but unfortunately there's a fraud, the shoulder band is twisted. I was plan to return it back to Zaful, but after checked the shipping fee I change my mind. I then sent a message to Zaful CS, then they give me a choice that I can keep the dress but they will refund half of the dress price, that's awesome.
Very pretty, exactly as in the picture. Not see-through and material that feels nice. Adjustable in the waist so it fits perfectly. Would definitely recommend.
Awesome dress, love the cut & quality. I got an S, and it fits rather loosely on the chest area (I'm a 32A) but still very flattering. Great for going out!

anti radiation shield phone cases for lg | mobile phone radiation is safe are bluetooth speakers safe
A group of 30 healthy volunteers, 15 men and 15 women, were given a simple memory test. First, the entire group was tested without any exposure to Wi-Fi radiation — no problem. Then, they were exposed to 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi from a wireless access point for about 45 minutes. During that portion of the testing, brain activity was measured and the women had a noticeable change in brain activity and energy levels. [8] Sorry ladies! But guys, don’t get too comfortable…
I used to have an iPhone (see Why I Got Rid of My Smartphone) and discovered that no case kept the radiation from emitting. I tried the Pong Case, the Otterbox, and an RF Safe Pouch. The pouch by far was the most effective. The Pong Case was better than the Otterbox, but still showed higher levels than I would like to see. You’ll see the various levels in the video below.
Unfortunately, the current state of cell phone radiation research is similar to the early days of tobacco research. It wasn't until 1999 when the U.S. Department of Justice finally filed a racketeering lawsuit against the major tobacco companies for engaging in a "50 year scheme" to counteract any scientific evidence that showed that cigarettes are harmful to a person's health. Is the potential cell phone cancer link the same sort of scenario? Are cell phone companies funding and promoting research that "proves" no link from cell phone radio radiation in an effort to discredit those studies that are uncovering problems?
This study aimed to investigate the effect of 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radiation (12 h/day for 30 days) on multisensory integration in male rats. Results demonstrated that rats in Wi-Fi exposure groups could not discriminate significantly between the novel and familiar objects in any of the standard SOR, tactile SOR, visual SOR, and CMOR tests and the expression of M1 receptors increased following Wi-Fi exposure. In conclusion, results of this study showed that chronic exposure to Wi-Fi electromagnetic waves might impair both unimodal and cross-modal encoding of information.
"Love it...In love...This case works as advertised, no pocket dialing and everything shows through the case clearly as expected, this is the second case of this type I have purchased and both although a bit pricy at $59 work to perfection....Love the fact that this case gets it's power wireless(y) from the phone rather than a battery within the case itself which would wear out rather quickly."
What the study showed: Self-reported cell phone use was not associated with an increased risk of glioma, meningioma, or non-central nervous system tumors. Although the original published findings reported an association with an increased risk of acoustic neuroma (14), this association disappeared after additional years of follow-up of the cohort (15).
Researchers at Wageningen University in the Netherlands have reported that radiation from WiFi networks is harmful to trees. Problems observed included growth variations, and bleeding and fissures in tree bark. The researchers exposed 20 ash trees to various sources of radiation for three months. The tress closest to the WiFi source exhibited a lead-like shine on the leaves. The researchers also found that WiFi radiation is harmful to growing corn.
Because these are complex diseases that develop over decades, it is difficult to conclusively show that the increase in wireless signal exposures directly cause the diseases. International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) considers wireless radiation as a class 2B possible carcinogen due to limited evidence. These small number of studies are leaning towards showing that electromagnetic radiations, including WiFi, are not safe.
Free Standard Shipping on purchases of $34.99 or more applies in the U.S. only. Free Returns in the U.S. and Canada. Large, oversized items and products delivered by special or white glove carriers are not eligible for free shipping or free returns. Free returns are not applicable to final sale/non-returnable items. As always, check the deal's Fine Print for restrictions. Learn More
So for example, if you have a Samsung Galaxy S 5 you could turn it off completely (briefly pulling the battery if you need to) push the power button to turn the phone back on until you see the Samsung Galaxy S5 logo screen, release the power button and then immediately press and hold the Volume Down key until the phone booted up with Safe Mode activated displaying “Safe mode” in the bottom left hand corner of the phones display.
WiFi radiation exposures drop off significantly with distance (called the inverse square law). Many routers have a strong enough signal to maintain a connection up to 100m from the router. Make sure you put as much distance between you and your wireless router as you can without diminishing the efficiency of your connection. Remember: walls don’t stop wireless radiation, never situate a wireless router behind a bedroom wall.
All that research has taught us that at high frequencies, electromagnetic radiation can promote tumor growth and cancer. The sun’s ultraviolet rays and their links to skin cancer are one example. Even at lower frequencies, very high levels of electromagnetic radiation exposure can hurt you. “But we’re talking skin burns, not cancer or tumors,” says Kenneth Foster, a professor of bioengineering at the University of Pennsylvania.
Protect your iPhone and keep your ID and credit cards handy with a stylish, customizable wallet case from Zazzle! Tired of that bulky wallet? Well, you've come to the right place. iPhone Cases Wallet cases from Zazzle eliminate the need for a separate wallet while keeping your precious phone protected. These sleek new cases aren't just some boring monotone color, either. The front can be fully personalized with your photos, logo, or text. Not only will it carry your most important belongings, it can carry your memories or show off your attitude, too!
Non-ionizing radiation at 2.45 GHz may modify the morphology and expression of genes that codify heat shock proteins (HSP) in the thyroid gland. The present study used a diathermy model – the therapeutic application of non-ionizing radiation – on laboratory rats subjected to maximum exposure non-ionizing radiation (30 min, 10 times in two weeks) in the left front leg, in order to study the effects of radiation on the nearby thyroid tissue.Ninety minutes after radiation with the highest SAR, the central and peripheral follicles presented increased size and the thickness of the peripheral septa had decreased. Twenty-four hours after radiation, only peripheral follicles radiated at 12 W were found to be smaller. Morphological changes in the thyroid tissue may indicate a glandular response to acute or repeated stress from radiation in the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis.
The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of  prenatal and postnatal 2450 MHz electromagnetic field exposure (1hy/day from intrauterine or postnatal period) on the growth and development of female Wistar rats. Birth masses of the groups were similar (p > 0.05), however mass gain per day was significantly lower and the puberty was significantly later in the prenatal group. Brain and ovary TOS and OSI values in the prenatal group were significantly increased (p < 0.05) compared to the control group and serum LH levels of the prenatal and postnatal groups were increased, although serum FSH, and E2 values did not differ among the groups (p > 0.05). Histological examinations of the specimens revealed no statistically significant difference between the groups (p > 0.05). Exposure to 2450 MHz EMF, particularly in the prenatal period, resulted in postnatal growth restriction and delayed puberty in female Wistar rats. Increased TOS and OSI values in the brain and ovary tissues can be interpreted as a sign of chronic stress induced by EMF.
I’ve started to shut off my WIFI from midnight until about sundown the next day. The results have been astounding. I’ve been having serious joint aches and I’m not THAT old. Enough that it was hampering my quality of life. So I did an experiment. I turned off my WIFI router and took out the battery. Been doing this now for 2 days and I’m telling you I’m a new woman. I’m a little stiff getting out of bed in the morning but nothing like I was.
Before making a purchase from a Fry's Electronics store or online, if you see the same item at a lower current price at a local authorized competitor (including their online prices) or shipped from and sold by these major online retailers - Amazon.com, Bhphotovideo.com, Dell.com, HP.com, and Newegg.com - Fry's will be happy to match the competition's promised price. If a Fry's Promo Code is offered on an item, and the competitor's final price is still lower after the Promo Code is applied, Fry's will cheerfully discount our price by 110% of the difference.
when i bring my hand very close to a tuned-in radio transistor, the volume drops to almost zero and i can no longer hear the music or news unless i take my hand away from the transistor radio set. if that is the effect of em radiations from a human body on the audible signal of an electronic device reducing its audio signal to almost zero then the long-term effect of powerful em radiation of 1- 2GH frequency from a wi-fi router or a celphone must be dramatically traumatic for the human health. this has to be so because human body almost entirely functions on signals generated by ions and molecules in the body cells which are likely to be severely disrupted in the presence of such strong em radiation fields emitted by man-made external sources such as wi-fi routers and mobile phones.
Sexting: The vast majority of kids are smart and don’t take, send, or post or even store nude photos of themselves or peers on their phones. People who do so can be charged with production, distribution, or possession of child pornography, a serious crime. They can also be subjected to jokes, bullying, blackmail, expulsion from school, loss of a job, etc. and the images can circulate forever. Just don’t go there.
Exposure to non-thermal radio frequency radiation from Wi-Fi and cellular phones can disrupt normal cellular development, especially fetal development. A 2004 animal study linked exposure to delayed kidney development. [4] These findings were supported by a 2009 Austrian study. In fact, the disruption of protein synthesis is so severe that authors specifically noted, “this cell property is especially pronounced in growing tissues, that is, in children and youth. Consequently, these population groups would be more susceptible than average to the described effects.” [5] In short, bathing the developmentally young in Wi-Fi increases their risk of developmental issues.
Result: More than 100 studies on 2.45 GHz radiation were analyzed, most of which found changes compared to the control groups at levels below the safety guidelines of the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) (issued as exposure limits of the 26th Federal Pollution Control Ordinance (BImSchV) in Germany). The available studies document damage to the reproductive system, impacts on the EEG and brain functions, as well as effects on the heart, liver, thyroid, gene expression, cell cycle, cell membranes, bacteria, and plants. As a mechanism of action, many studies identify oxidative stress. Adverse effects on learning, memory, attention, and behavior are the result of cytotoxic effects.
The present study was carried out to investigate the potential combined influence of maternal restraint stress and 2.45 GHz WiFi signal exposure on postnatal development and behavior in the offspring of exposed rats. 24 pregnant albino Wistar rats were randomly assigned to four groups: Control, WiFi-exposed, restrained and both WiFi-exposed and restrained groups. Each of WiFi exposure and restraint occurred 2 h/day along gestation till parturition. The pups were evaluated for physical development and neuromotor maturation. Moreover, elevated plus maze test, open field activity and stationary beam test were also determined on postnatal days 28, 30 and 31, respectively. After behavioral tests, the rats were anesthetized and their brains were removed for biochemical analysis. Our main findings showed no detrimental effects on gestation progress and outcomes at delivery in all groups. Subsequently, WiFi and restraint, per se and mainly in concert altered physical development of pups with slight differences between genders. Behaviorally, the gestational WiFi irradiation, restraint and especially the associated treatment affected the neuromotor maturation mainly in male progeny. At adult age, we noticed anxiety, motor deficit and exploratory behavior impairment in male offspring co-exposed to WiFi radiation and restraint, and in female progeny subjected to three treatments. The biochemical investigation showed that, all three treatments produced global oxidative stress in brain of both sexes. As for serum biochemistry, phosphorus, magnesium, glucose, triglycerides and calcium levels were disrupted. Taken together, prenatal WiFi radiation and restraint, alone and combined, provoked several behavioral and biochemical impairments at both juvenile and adult age of the offspring.
Anything you can do to keep the phone away from your head will help. (Even cell phone manufacturers warn consumers about this. See the previous post Cell Phone Manual Warnings for examples of warnings from Samsung, Apple and more.) If you hold the phone 2 inches away, the signal is about one-fourth the original strength. At four inches away, it’s about 1/16th as strong. Even better is a hands-free kit with a wireless air tube nearest the earpiece. (A regular wired headset can act as an antenna and make matters worse.)
According to a peer-reviewed Dec. 2006 study of 420,095 cell phone users in Denmark, the results showed a "reduced brain tumor risk" among long-term subscribers. [1] Two other peer-reviewed studies also found that cell phone users had a slightly decreased risk of developing brain tumors. A July 20, 2005 Danish study [41] found a "decreased risk for high-grade glioma," a malignant brain tumor, and a 2005 Swedish study [42] also found a "decreased odds ratio" for developing glioma as well as meningioma, another type of brain tumor.
Just take a moment and think about how much you’re using your phone every single day. Answering calls, discussing plans, talking about your day with friends, playing games, watching videos and using apps, only scratch the surface of how much you’re actually using your phone. You might even have it by your bedside or on your nightstand when you go to bed at night. It’s time you stopped exposing yourself to dangerous EMF radiation and protected yourself from the dire consequences of using an unshielded smartphone or tablet.
We did not simply measure energy coming from the front of the case which is the area of the case where the phone would be "shielded" from radiation. If we had taken readings with a directional meter, specifically measuring energy coming from only the front or flap cover where the shielding material is, we assume as the manufacturers claim, that we would have seen a drop in the radiation readings.
RF Safe methodologies for shielding the cell phone radiation only use technologies to deflect radiation which is directed towards the user’s body and will not cause the phone to increase output power. RF Safe’s technical goal is only blocking RF radiation that your body would have absorbed (line-of-sight radiation, in relationship to the device itself and your body) — radiation absorbed into your body wasn’t helping the cell tower connection or your health either. Keeping this in mind, only the front shielded part of the phone should be facing your body at all times.
While cell phones localize the highest microwave exposure to the brain, Wi-Fi exposures are often localized to the abdomen, leg and chest area. However this is not always the case as some people sleep in rooms with Wi-Fi baby monitors, Wi-Fi routers or Wi-Fi gaming devices near their pillow. Wi-Fi printers may be in offices next to a person’s desk and most people are unaware that they transmit continuously. All in all, for some people- especially children- the Wi-Fi exposure is quite significant to overall cumulative exposure.
And, it’s not just sperm. The results of an animal study suggest that some wireless frequencies may prevent egg implantation. During the study, mice exposed 2 hours a day for 45 days had significantly increased oxidative stress levels. The cellular damage and impact on DNA structure from exposure suggest a strong possibility of abnormal pregnancy or failure of the egg to implant. [12]
Here at CellularOutfitter, we know it’s a challenge to find your perfect match, so we’ve hand-picked some of our best-selling cell phone wallets! To start with, we wanted to introduce the Embossed Butterfly Wallet Case that’s been stealing our hearts! Available in about 7 different colors, this wallet phone case also comes with amazing features like it’s detachable matching case, extra card slots, and a wristlet! Why wait? Have all your cards in one place and grab this wallet case so you’ll always be ready on the go.
Because of this physical law, even if holding a Wi-Fi router directly against your forehead was very dangerous (and, we assure you, it is not) working in your home office 45 feet away from the Wi-Fi router would not be dangerous simply because the microwave radiation of the already minuscule 1 watt Wi-Fi router would have radically decreased in intensity. When you factor in that the Wi-Fi radiation is already harmless, you see that there is no situation in which the Wi-Fi signal from your router, your laptop, your media center, or any other Wi-Fi device in your home could possibly hurt you.
This Samsung Galaxy S8 LED Wallet Cover is a multifunctional case that stores cards in the interior pocket and shows you LED notifications on the outside. On the front cover the LED lights will notify you of incoming calls, messages, current time and more. Simply press the phone's power button with a closed case to get all your information. Answer or reject calls by swiping the cover.
If you're looking for ways to limit your exposure to the electromagnetic emissions from your cell phone, know that, according to the FTC, there is no scientific proof that so-called shields significantly reduce exposure from these electromagnetic emissions. In fact, products that block only the earpiece – or another small portion of the phone – are totally ineffective because the entire phone emits electromagnetic waves. What's more, these shields may interfere with the phone's signal, cause it to draw even more power to communicate with the base station, and possibly emit more radiation.
The CERENAT study, another case–control study conducted in multiple areas in France from 2004 to 2006 using data collected in face-to-face interviews using standardized questionnaires (18). This study found no association for either gliomas or meningiomas when comparing regular cell phone users with non-users. However, the heaviest users had significantly increased risks of both gliomas and meningiomas.
The wireless industry’s determination to bring about the Internet of Things, despite the massive increase in radiation exposure this would unleash, raises the stakes exponentially. Because 5G radiation can only travel short distances, antennas roughly the size of a pizza box will have to be installed approximately every 250 feet to ensure connectivity. “Industry is going to need hundreds of thousands, maybe millions, of new antenna sites in the United States alone,” said Moskowitz, the UC Berkeley researcher. “So people will be bathed in a smog of radiation 24/7.”53
DefenderShield Cellphone Radiation Case also claims independent testing and says in their website: That a "sophisticated layering of separate non-toxic, human safe materials processed for maximum radiation blocking efficiency. Each material has unique and targeted radiation-shielding characteristics designed to work in unison to eliminate all radiation emissions from 0 to 10 GHZ and Defender Shield technology refracts, conducts and finally absorbs all these potentially harmful emissions." In this demonstration, the radiation level measured when DefendeShield case was on is still quite a bit above the level of exposure that I would recommend. I personally do not recommend-holding a phone with a shielding case to your head as the DefenderShield website shows a young woman doing as she demonstrates the product.
Many modems provided by internet service providers are also routers pushing wifi. So even if you bought your own router and use it for your internet, you’re modem may also be pushing wifi into your home. I just ran into this personally. I was helping my mother in law set up internet in her new home. She had a router that she wanted me to set up, but when doing so I found out the modem her internet company gave her was already pushing out a wifi. Obviously, I disabled that and set up a few ethernet cables in her home.
If you want cutting-edge technology, but also want to catch everyone’s eyes, then a designer phone case might be your speed. You’ll have your choice of colorful prints, glittering sparkles, and unique see-through designs. You can even combine your sense of fashion with your sense of security, thanks to leather phone cases that double as wallets with built-in RFID, preventing theft of your credit information. Holding multiple cards and cash all in one is not only convenient, but also saves valuable purse space. And never miss an opportunity for a great picture or phone call with a built-in battery case that keeps your phone charged and ready.
That result enabled the industry to continue proclaiming that there was no scientifically established proof that cell phones are dangerous. Jack Rowley of the GSMA trade association said that “interpretation should be based on the overall balance of the evidence.” Once again, the slippery word “overall” downplayed the significance of scientific research that the industry didn’t like.43
28. At night turn it off to lower EMF exposure. “This is one of the best ways to protect your immune system and, therefore, your dental health. Give your body a break by keeping your cell phone far from your head while sleeping. Invest in a landline if needed and turn off all routers before bed. There are lots of ways to protect your body’s critical restorative process.” – Andrea Fabry, Cell Phones and Tooth Decay, It Takes Time; Twitter: @AndreaFabry
mobile phone radiation is safe rf safe case iphone 6 | rf shielding paint wifi router radiation safe distance
The cell phone pocket shield allows you to use your earbuds or headphones during a call but at the same time, safely place your cell phone in your pocket, purse, etc. This means you are protected both when the phone is connected on a call or sitting idle. The shield will not interfere with your cellular signal and will not negatively affect battery life.
The aim of this study was to investigate the possible protective role of selenium and L-carnitine on oxidative stress induced by 2.45-GHz radiation (60min/day for 28 days) in heart of rat. Electromagnetic radiation exposure was found to cause oxidative stress in the heart of rats. There is also an apparent protective effect of selenium and L-carnitine by inhibition of free radical formation and support of the antioxidant redox system.
So if you are trying to access the Safe Mode feature it’s going to depend on what phone you have possibly what version of Android your smartphone is running on. If you are unsure what the Safe Mode key combination is for your specific Android or how to boot your cell phone into Safe Mode then you might have to perform a quick search online to find the exact method used for your particular smartphone.
It’s been suggested that sleeping near a phone, in a home with Wi-Fi, or in an apartment building with many Wi-Fi signals can create chronic sleep problems as the constant bombardment of Wi-Fi pollution interferes with falling asleep and sleep patterns. For many, sleep deprivation is just the start for larger problems. The development of depression and hypertension have also been linked to inadequate sleep. [3]
"To expect relief from radiation exposure from one specific device, is nearly impossible. It’s crucial to weigh in the MANY environmental factors; such as, temperature, atmospheric pressure, other radio waves, emissions from other devices, energy shifts from others around you, and Schumann Resonance shifts. Therefore," he explains that “relying on alteration of the environment as a safety precaution is always a game of chance…and signals affect people differently,” which adds another variables in the game of chance.
This is a powerful tool when troubleshooting an Android as it allows you to rule out poorly written, malfunctioning, or troublesome applications as possible causes. If you have a bad app or have installed a bad update for an app and your phone stops responding properly or starts having issues then you could put your phone into Safe Mode, uninstall that bad app, take your phone out of Safe Mode and be good to go, which actually brings us to our next objective, how to turn on Safe Mode and how to take your cell phone out of Safe Mode.
Have you ever felt more awake after using Wi-Fi or even struggled to sleep through the night? Reports of these phenomena have been frequent and even prompted a study in 2007 that evaluated low-frequency modulation from cell phones and its impact on sleep. Participants were exposed to the electromagnetic signals from real phones or no signal from fake phones. Those exposed to the electromagnetic radiation had a significantly more difficult time falling asleep and changes in brainwave patterns were observed. [2]
An excessive production of reactive oxygen substances (ROS) and reduced antioxidant defence systems resulting from electromagnetic radiation (EMR) exposure may lead to oxidative brain and liver damage and degradation of membranes during pregnancy and development of rat pups. In the EMR groups, lipid peroxidation levels in the brain and liver were increased following EMR exposure; however, the glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity, and vitamin A, vitamin E and β-carotene concentrations were decreased in the brain and liver. Glutathione (GSH) and vitamin C concentrations in the brain were also lower in the EMR groups than in the controls; however, their concentrations did not change in the liver. In conclusion, Wi-Fi-induced oxidative stress in the brain and liver of developing rats was the result of reduced GSH-Px, GSH and antioxidant vitamin concentrations. Moreover, the brain seemed to be more sensitive to oxidative injury compared to the liver in the development of newborns.
The study was conducted on 16 adult male Wistar-Albino rats. The rats in the experimental group (n=8) were exposed to 2.4GHz frequency radiation for over a year. The rats in the sham control group (n=8) were subjected to the same experimental conditions except the Wi-Fi generator was turned off. After the exposure period was complete the possible DNA damage on the rat's brain, liver, kidney, skin, and testicular tissues was detected through the single cell gel electrophoresis assay (comet) method. The amount of DNA damage was measured as percentage tail DNA value.
The present study was designed to determine the possible protective effects of melatonin on oxidative stress-dependent testis injury induced by 2.45-GHz electromagnetic radiation exposure (60 min/day for 30 days). Lipid peroxidation levels were shown to be higher in melatonin-supplemented group compared to EMR only and controls, as well as reduced glutathione and glutathione peroxidase levels. Vitamin A and E concentrations decreased in exposure group, and melatonin prevented the decrease in vitamin E levels. In conclusion, wireless (2.45 GHz) EMR caused oxidative damage in testis by increasing the levels of lipid peroxidation and decreasing in vitamin A and E levels. Melatonin supplementation prevented oxidative damage induced by EMR and also supported the antioxidant redox system in the testis.
Another thing, a WiFi router is not continuously sending data, when devices don’t communicate to the internet. In an idle situation, a WiFi router just sends beacon signal, like “Hello I’m a WiFi router” every x miliseconds and your smartphone just listen to it, like a radio. The same is for GSM/3G/4G. Your mobile is not communicating to the GSM antenna continuously, otherwise it would drain your battery in minutes and your mobile gets very hot. Further more, the government forced the mobile companies to lower the transmit power, that’s why you see more GSM antennas (actually called basestations) in places like cities for better coverage.
40. Set clear rules and guidelines for downloading media and apps. Giving your kids free reign to use all the features on their smartphones can quickly rack up your wireless bill and introduce security risks to their devices. “Downloading new ringtones or games can add unwanted expenses or hidden bugs. Set limits and rules about downloads.” – Amanda Martin, Cell Phone Safety Tips for your Child, Securemama.com; Twitter: @securemama
8. 911 is free—call for an emergency. “Your cell phone is one of the greatest tools you can own to protect yourself and your family in dangerous situations – with your phone at your side, help is only three numbers away. Dial 911 or another local emergency number in emergencies such as a fire, traffic accident, road hazard or medical emergency. Remember, an emergency call is a free call on your cell phone!” – Cell Phone Safety Tips, Mize Centers; Twitter: @mizesales1
RESULTS: Our analysis demonstrates that the data from a substantial amount of the studies on RF-EMFs from mobile phones show physiological and/or morphological effects (89.9%, p < 0.001). Additionally, our analysis of the results from these reported studies demonstrates that the maize, roselle, pea, fenugreek, duckweeds, tomato, onions and mungbean plants seem to be very sensitive to RF-EMFs. Our findings also suggest that plants seem to be more responsive to certain frequencies, especially the frequencies between (i) 800 and 1500 MHz (p < 0.0001), (ii) 1500 and 2400 MHz (p < 0.0001) and (iii) 3500 and 8000 MHz (p = 0.0161).
The NTP study was to be peer-reviewed at a meeting on March 26–28, amid signs that the program’s leadership is pivoting to downplay its findings. The NTP had issued a public-health warning when the study’s early results were released in 2016. But when the NTP released essentially the same data in February 2018, John Bucher, the senior scientist who directed the study, announced in a telephone press conference that “I don’t think this is a high-risk situation at all,” partly because the study had exposed the rats and mice to higher levels of radiation than a typical cell-phone user experienced.50
Prenatal exposure to radiation from cell phones may increase the risk of ADHD and other behavior problems in children. According to a peer-reviewed Nov. 2008 study in the journal Epidemiology, exposure to cell phone radiation while in the womb "was associated with behavior difficulties such as emotional and hyperactivity problems around the age of school entry." [65] A Dec. 2010 study replicated those findings. [67] A peer-reviewed Mar. 15, 2012 study found that mice exposed to cell phone radiation in the womb "were hyperactive and had impaired memory" as adults. [66]
The possible effects of RF-EMR due to cellular phone and Wi-Fi usage should be investigated by researchers in more detail because the harmful effects should be proven instead of just implying the possible detrimental effects. Our findings display contrast results when we compared them with existing information and beliefs. We have not seen any difference between sperm parameters and cell phone and wireless internet usage. Larger population based studies combined with the laboratory results are needed to reach a definitive conclusion.
Stay connected and protected with this Samsung LED wallet cover case for Galaxy Note9. The folio design and shell-type construction provide 360-degree protection against scratches and impacts while maintaining access to the screen and phone functions. This Samsung LED wallet cover case features external LEDs that display notifications and phone information while the front flap is closed.
Changing technology and methods of use. Older studies evaluated radiofrequency radiation exposure from analog cell phones. Today, cell phones use digital technology, which operates at a different frequency and a lower power level than analog phones. Digital cell phones have been in use for more than two decades in the United States, and cellular technology continues to change (3). Texting and other applications, for example, are common uses of cell phones that do not require bringing the phone close to the head. Furthermore, the use of hands-free technology, such as wired and wireless headsets, is increasing and may reduce exposure by distancing the phone from the body (36, 37).
Foster was Moulder’s coauthor on that 2013 review of Wi-Fi’s health effects. He says that, based on our current understanding of radio wave strengths and risks, world health authorities have set safety standards for all devices and appliances that emit electromagnetic radiation—from phones and microwaves to your car’s keyless entry fob. “The exposure you get from your Wi-Fi router is orders and orders of magnitude below those safety limits,” he explains.
I wear a hat and shirt made of gold silver and nickel in the cotton. It is a German invention available from YSHIELD. My walls are painted with graphite paint and the windows laminated to shield, me from neighbours wifi. I am OK living this way but the NBN requires wifi router and ADSL 2+ will, not be available after a few weeks. I am now looking to move to another country leaving my many descendants to fry and me alone in my 80s. I want to live but here it is becoming impossible.
The king is dead — long live the king. If you’re looking for a smartphone that doesn’t break the bank and won’t sting too much if it’s lost, but still offers good performance, then Motorola’s G-range is usually where you’d start. This year, the Moto G6 has upped the ante, delivering a glass-and-metal design that your sprog won’t be ashamed to be seen with. A protective case is included in the package, but you might want to pick from our range of the best Moto G6 cases, since glass is prone to breaking.
Cell phone storage in front pockets has been linked to poor fertility and higher chances of miscarriage and childhood cancer. [18] According to the Cleveland Clinic Center for Reproductive Medicine, semen quality "tended to decline as daily cell phone use increased." [19] According to a May-June 2012 meta-study in the Journal of Andrology, "men using mobile phones have decreased sperm concentration" in addition to "decreased viability" of their sperm. [64]
This study investigated the effect of 2.45 GHz microwave radiation (2 h/day for 45 days) on biomarkers within Wistar rats. A significant decrease (P < 0.05) was recorded in the level of pineal melatonin of exposed group as compared with sham exposed, while a significant increase (P < 0.05) in creatine kinase, caspase 3, and calcium ion concentration was observed in whole brain of exposed group of animals as compared to sham exposed. The study concludes that a reduction in melatonin or an increase in caspase-3, creatine kinase, and calcium ion may cause significant damage in brain due to chronic exposure of these radiations. These biomarkers clearly indicate possible health implications of such exposures.
The FCC provides information about the specific absorption rate (SAR) of cell phones produced and marketed within the last 1 to 2 years. The SAR corresponds with the relative amount of radiofrequency radiation absorbed by the head of a cell phone user (47). Consumers can access this information using the phone’s FCC ID number, which is usually located on the case of the phone, and the FCC’s ID search form.
CONCLUSION: The available literature on the effect of RF-EMFs on plants to date observed the significant trend of radiofrequency radiation influence on plants. Hence, this study provides new evidence supporting our hypothesis. Nonetheless, this endorses the need for more experiments to observe the effects of RF-EMFs, especially for the longer exposure durations, using the whole organisms. The above observation agrees with our earlier study, in that it supported that it is not a well-grounded method to characterize biological effects without considering the exposure duration. Nevertheless, none of these findings can be directly associated with human; however, on the other hand, this cannot be excluded, as it can impact the human welfare and health, either directly or indirectly, due to their complexity and varied effects (calcium metabolism, stress proteins, etc.). This study should be useful as a reference for researchers conducting epidemiological studies and the long-term experiments, using whole organisms, to observe the effects of RF-EMFs.
As with exposure to ‘anything’ sun, pollen, pharmaceuticals, there will be a certain percent of population that is ‘sensitive or hypersensitive’ to wifi / emf frequency. I am definitely sensitive with my husband doing his own control experiment by holding his wifi phone behind by head without my knowledge and me In pain from a piercing wave going through my head. Why is it that it must be all or nothing. There are those who will never be sick from wifi/ emf and those of us who live with it everyday.
Cracked a screen…or two? We know how you feel. We’ve been there, done that! The answer to your problem? Isn’t it obvious? Get a protective case! With our protective cases, we have a huge range of heavy-duty to simple and sleek TPU cases that’ll have you wishing you had picked one up two or three cracks ago. Don’t wait. Be safe and get a mobile cover to keep your phone protected today!
We couldn't find one legit EMF expert online or anywhere else that would recommend a radiation blocking case or anti-radiation case. Not the Environmental Health Trust or Magda Havas, or Joel Moskowitz, in fact his site, safeEMR cautions against scams and claims for radiation protection. So if a so-called "EMF expert" is recommending any kind of anti-radiation case, they probably aren't that much of an expert.
Wi-Fi certainly isn’t going to do you in, but something else you forgot to worry about while you were worrying about your Wi-Fi router might: put that worry to good use and make sure there are fresh batteries in your smoke detectors, that you’re planning on getting a yearly physical this year, and you floss before bed (you know, those things you’ve been putting off that might actually, sooner or later, harm you).
Keep it kind. Because people socialize on cellphones as much as online, cyberbullying can be mobile too. Treat people on phones and the web the way you would in person, and the risk of being bullied goes down. Be aware, too, of people randomly taking pictures at parties, in locker rooms, etc. – you may not want to be tagged in their social-network photo albums!
“If you’re experiencing eye discomfort, make your phone’s font size bigger. Mark Rosenfield, O.D., Ph.D., told Men’s Health that phone users should try to hold their phones at least 16 inches away from their faces. Every few minutes look up from your screen at something far away for short breaks, and don’t forget to blink.” – Amanda Hawkins, 5 Seriously Bad Side Effects of Your Smartphone Addiction, Good Housekeeping; Twitter: @goodhousemag

We cut through the science to help you work out how our recipes – and the foods you buy in the supermarket – fit into a balanced, healthy diet
JUST LIKE PRE-PACKED FOODS, all our recipes provide detailed nutrition information for a typical serving. But how does that compare with your total daily needs for energy, protein, fat, carbs and certain vitamins and minerals?
Provided you stick to the serving size we recommend for each recipe, the easiest way is to compare the nutrition information for each recipe with the Reference Intake (RI). You’ll gradually see this term being used on food labels in place of Guideline Daily Amounts (GDAs).
The new you starts here! Jump into the new year and join the Healthy Food Guide experts' Get Waisted belly fat challenge. Find out how to reboot your liver with our top tips for cutting the booze, plus we show you how to slash the sugar from your trolley. And, as ever, our nutritious recipes will let you keep eating family favourites without all the calories, with a comfort food makeover special, lighter savoury pies and on-trend smoothie bowls. Find it all in this month's Healthy Food Guide.
(0 Customer Reviews) | Write Review 12 issues per year Railway Digest brings you the very latest in railway news. Published every month since 1963, each exciting issue of Railway Digest contains:
Many local residents and media turned out on Wednesday, 30 November to photograph and welcome the first cattle train to traverse a reopened and rebuilt 1.3 kilometre section of the closed Oakey – Cecil Plains line and reach Oakey Beef Exports’ meatworks, located on the western edge of Oakey, 30 kilometres west of Toowoomba. John Hoyle was there to join the celebrations.
Rumours have been rife for quite a while that QR’s long distance service The Westlander may be on the way out, due to high running costs and a lack of patronage. Recent evidence suggests it to be, per capita, the most heavily subsidised of all Queensland Rail’s Traveltrains. It travels from Roma Street Station, Brisbane, to Charleville in south west Queensland, taking some 17 hours to travel the 777 km distance. Seasoned traveller Robert Gill thought it may be wise to take a trip on The Westlander while he still had the chance.
The May 2016 closure of Alinta Energy’s Northern Power Station, at Stirling North in South Australia, left a large number of coal wagons surplus to requirements. Southern Shorthaul Railroad (SSR) took the opportunity to purchase 180 of these wagons, through its subsidiary Consolidated Rail Leasing, for use on coal and (after conversion) grain traffic in NSW. What made the transfer operation exciting for railfans, as Ewan McLean reports, was the use of quadruple and quintuple sets of veteran Clyde/EMD Streamliners on each of the two 90-wagon trains.
Two trains, each carrying around 2500 tonnes of chick peas loaded on the main line at Milguy, on the Moree–North Star line in north west NSW in November/December 2016, were the culmination of collaboration between farmers Stuart and Lyndall Tighe, the Australian Rail Track Corporation (ARTC) and Southern Shorthaul Railroad (SSR).John Hoyle reports.
Railway Digest brings you the very latest in railway news. Published every month since 1963, each exciting issue of Railway Digest contains:
Digital Subscriptions > Women's Interest > Lifestyle & Fashion > Staffordshire Living Magazine > January February 2014
(0 Customer Reviews) | Write Review 6 issues per year Need a new style bible fix? Download the latest edition of the Staffordshire Living now, offering you bucket loads of expert trend-setting advice all at the touch of a button. Staffordshire born and bred, our mission is to put our fabulous county back on the stylish map with inspiring and relevant editorial to suit only the most fun and fashion-forward tastes.
share with you. It’s truly an exciting time for us here at Staffordshire Living magazine, and a journey
love to mix things up a bit, and decided to ditch the celebs for something a little more seasonal. Please tell us what you think via our social media sites…we would love to know your thoughts on our new direction and whether you’re enjoying our latest issue.
in finding the next stunning face of our equally beautiful county, and our talent search has officially
There has been many a rumour surrounding this next newsflash, and yes they were all true. You’ll also discover a major splash the launch of Staffordshire Living magazine’s brand new
‘Living Live’ event –the first of its kind in both Staffordshire and the Midlands! This lifestyle event
Need a new style bible fix? Download the latest edition of the Staffordshire Living now, offering you bucket loads of expert trend-setting advice all at the touch of a button. Staffordshire born and bred, our mission is to put our fabulous county back on the stylish map with inspiring and relevant editorial to suit only the most fun and fashion-forward tastes.
Forever evolving, we act as the perfect pick-me-up covering a variety of topics to feed your tastes. Looking for your latest fashion fix? Check. Want to
know our top beauty picks? Check. Need some delicious recipes for a dinner party? Check. Or looking for your next holiday hot spot? Sit back as we have it covered.
But that’s not all, being our counties leading bi-monthly we bring you all the top entertainment for the area, latest releases and forget Farmer Giles we source top celebs to interview. Who will it be this edition?
Sections include Fashion, Health & Beauty, Wining & Dining, People & Places, Property & Interiors, Leisure, as well as a different exciting supplement each edition.

These nylon cantilever rollers include free safety covers and are quick and easy to install. Use them for any sliding or rolling gate made out of round stock. Will open your gate faster and smoother than any other rollers out there.
This is a very versatile gate roller. The durable safety cover allows you to mount each roller on either the top Or bottom of your gate. These nylon rollers are quick and easy to install and will open your gate faster and smoother than any other rollers out there.
Each of these nylon cantilever gate rollers includes a FREE safety roller cover. Covering your gate's cantilever rollers ensures no fingers get pinched, pulled or even worse. We understand that covering all external nylon cantilever gate rollers is a must when children and pets are around, which is why we include them at no extra cost.
Each safety cover features adjustable ice scrapers, a bonus that you don't see often in cantilever rollers.
Use these rollers for any sliding or rolling gate made out of round stock. Typically four are required per gate.
*We strongly encourage you to measure the size of your post and gate frame before making a purchase.
Sofa-Dress by Maezm is furniture ‘clothes’ that is here to make your chairs more “cushiony”. Using the product can also help unify your existing collection of diverse chairs, dictating a style theme and thus making them go together perfectly.
Author Julia OsovskayaPosted on September 17, 2011 February 10, 2017 Categories armchair, chair and sofa upholsteryTags foam, Maezm	

Ratzenberger was the keynote speaker at a day-long event sponsored by UVU and the Career and Technical Education department.
UVU’s Office for Global Engagement hosted leaders from the United Nations and Utah-based international NGOs (non-governmental organizations) on campus Oct. 29, 2018.
UVU President Astrid S. Tuminez announced a new $15 million First Generation initiative aimed at raising funds for scholarships and programming that supports UVU’s first-generation students.
For the fourth year in a row, UVU is the largest public university in Utah, with a headcount of 39,931 students enrolled for the 2018 fall semester.
Jerry Henley of Alpine, Utah, has accepted the position of associate vice president of major gifts and development at UVU.
Determine the best course of study and program options to pursue your chosen career path or simply browse possible career avenues for your area of interest.
Despite some growing trends, we still have not reached the promised land of healthy, affordable eating. Discover a new restaurant concept looking to change the way we think about fast food.
Sure, the classic kings of the industry still remain. Taco Bell continues to churn out ever-more ridiculous-sounding bastardizations of Mexican food. McDonald’s reign is on the decline, but the golden arch empire puts the Mongols’ empire at its height to shame. And you can always go to Wendy’s for your square burger fix. C’mon, though: if you’re relying on the likes of Taco Bell or KFC for your caloric intake, you’ve already given up on life.
But when a person can walk into Chipotle and get a tub of presumably-cruelty-free meat, guacamole, lettuce, and grilled vegetables for under $10, haven’t we reached the promised land of healthy, affordable eating? The vegans can have their quinoa and the paleos can have their carnitas. Everyone’s happy.
Except real students of nutrition and healthy eating know that much of what passes for healthy fast-casual food can still be improved upon. What we have, while better, simply isn’t good enough.
Better burger joints let you ditch buns for lettuce wraps, but the meat by and large still comes from CAFOs.
As I see it, these guys are simply rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. An iceberg made of nutritional awareness, partially forged by folks in the ancestral health movement, threatens to wreck their livelihood. They can either continue toward disaster or change course. They’re trying to change course, but it’s slow going, they’re manning massive ships, they’re operating on bad information, and they still have millions of customers who expect things done a certain way — the old way.
Things are changing, and several growing trends give me hope. The food truck craze sweeping the nation has kickstarted an exciting new medium for food. Legions of mobile restaurants helmed by exciting, innovative chefs with vision, agility, and low overhead are changing the scope of food in this country, bringing incredible food at lower prices and higher quality. There are even full-on paleo/Primal food trucks.
The farm-to-table movement is bigger than ever (well, in this century, at least). Grass-fed beef, local poultry, and wild-caught seafood are no longer rare menu items, but calling cards and outright staples for an increasing number of new restaurants.
Even Chipotle finally ditched the soybean oil with which they laced everything on the menu, switching instead to rice bran oil. Hey, it ain’t EVOO or lard, and it was more about eliminating GMOs than high omega-6 seed oils, but it’s a step in the right direction.
Still, not everyone has access to food trucks and hip eateries with close ties to local farmers. And Google’s autofill has a disconcerting tendency to associate “Chipotle” with “causes diarrhea.”
Some suggest we should learn to make do with what’s available at existing restaurants. It’s possible, sure. With my travel schedule, I’m always zipping around the country and going abroad. Since I can’t just eat anything if I want to be at my best, I’ve become a pro at divining the healthiest, most nutrient-dense fare in the saddest of chain restaurants. I know which places will usually “cook my eggs in butter” or “have real olive oil in the oil and vinegar spouts.”
That’s me, though. I basically do this stuff for a living. Scanning a menu and figuring out what’s good is like breathing at this point. Most people aren’t going to take the time to pick through the meager offerings to find something worth using to fuel their mitochondria.
Imagine where you can rest assured that the cooks aren’t dropping frozen hunks of potato into vats of rancid vegetable oil that hasn’t been changed in a week.
Think of a restaurant where you can walk in and order anything with supreme confidence that it’s going to taste good and be good for you. A restaurant without questionable ingredients or protocols, where you can finally “just order” without a laundry list of substitutions.
Sounds pretty great, right? So why hasn’t such a restaurant gotten off the ground, or gained widespread acceptance?
Let’s face it: we’re still a vocal minority. We who care about what our meat ate. We who seek the provenance of a cooking oil. We who are willing to read blogs and buy cookbooks and spend money and time on good food. Most people simply aren’t prepared to give a damn about what they’re eating as long as it tastes good. And that’s totally expected. The desire for good tasting food is innate in all animals. Good food is, well, good.
That’s also why obesity continues to progress, with over 28% of Americans reporting being clinically obese. Before the naysayers arrive: yes, they use BMI to quantify the obesity rates and yes, on an individual basis BMI can misdiagnose the muscle-bound as obese or overweight, but at the population level BMI is fairly accurate. And while diabetes rates in the US are slowing, they’re not dropping and they’re still rising, just at a lower rate.
I’m no pessimist. In many respects, people are getting healthier. McDonald’s, as I alluded to earlier, has taken some serious financial hits. They realize that people are realizing their food is slowly killing them. Coca-Cola is getting desperate enough to fund researchers to promote the idea that it’s physical inactivity, not the sugar water people pump into their bodies, that’s making Americans fat. People are drinking less and less soda each year. Fast food is in decline. People are ready for something different, something better.
Given our collective desire for delicious food, healthy food can’t be health food. You don’t call it health food, because that conjures horrifying imagery of cardboard veggie burgers and non-fat sour cream (how do they even make that stuff?). It has to taste great before anything else. And that’s the cool thing about the prospect of healthy Primal-friendly fast-food. It would taste damn good. It’s great food that happens to be full of micronutrients, healthy fats, protein, and absent refined grains, sugar, and processed seed oils that are the hallmark of what most people consider to be tasty fast food.
Five years ago, this wouldn’t have been possible, but I recently announced the start of something very cool and very new in the fast food arena: Primal Kitchen Restaurant franchising. All those perfect restaurant fantasies mentioned above? That’s the precise basis for the franchising system we’ve devised. I’m pleased and honored to be a part of the growing trend toward better-tasting and healthier fast food, and I’m excited to see where it goes.
If you’d like to learn more about opening your own Primal Kitchen franchise restaurant, contact us here and we’ll be in touch shortly.
Nowadays, people agree when they hear the words fast food & nutrition in the same sentence. This is because restaurant owners responded to the food preference of the people. More and more people are paying attention to the nutritional value of the food they want to eat even on a fast food restaurant. People are watching their weight and so they really make a conscious effort to take care of it.
Fast Food companies just try and get away with calling a few options healthy and hope that they get customers who don’t actually do their research. They are hoping to reach that target market of “looking to get healthy”. As a personal trainer, I encounter this kind of person a lot – they think they should get healthy so they order salads with fried chicken soaked in ranch. Those who actually want to eat healthy should know the difference between “healthy” fast food and real healthy foods.
This all sounds like the way most people that read these type of articles (myself included) would want to eat out. My wife and I just want a break sometimes from so much food prep at home trying to eat “real food” but find it very hard to source a restaurant that we trust. I think the potential customer base is limited like Mark states and true “healthy eaters” are the minority. Like any business if you can keep the overhead to a minimum there is a potential to make something fly like this. Anyone from the Hershey, Pa area that wants to get together and brainstorm about putting something together, feel free to contact me.
I’d love an organic fast-food restaurant in Toronto. In Ireland, I went to a small buffet style vagan cafe. Something like that would be great!
light meal to eat in or take-away. I always find something that is wheat free; they’re very good at telling customers what the ingredients are and everything is very fresh.
I couldn’t find anything I could eat at Pret a Manger when I was in London. Even the lettuce wrap had a flour tortilla inside. And when it seemed as if it was without bread, or similar wheaty things, then it had soy sauce. But more than that, how could I even tell how serious they were about keeping something gluten-free truly free from all cross-contamination as well in the prep area (and what I have seen of prep areas it’s a wonder we are not all dead…).
Interesting idea! Just today I was wishing there was a chain of paleo food stores that carry only “real food”. A new “health” food store opened in my town so I checked it out. A modest organic produce section and aisles and aisles of packaged foods and vitamins. I could have purchased all the meat they had and put it in my fridge at home! Clearly they think healthy = vegetarian whether it’s processed or not. Very disappointing. If this restaurant idea flies maybe a chain of paleo supermarkets could be next.
A darn-good option newly available at Carl’s Jr / Hardee’s: two varieties of their All Natural burger. They’re made with 100% grass-fed beef and all-natural cheese. I get mine sans bun (lettuce wrap) and sans sauces (add guacamole). It’s not as good as homemade, but not shabby for under $7! These burgers have become a travel staple for my family.
(add to it some organic veggies from the grocery store). I’ve been wanting to do a quick-serve auto-immune friendly real food drive-through restaurant for years now, but not marketed as that – just silently not having common allergens on the menu. It’s such a pain not only with the proliferation of SYSCO oils and gluten but also tomatoes and spices. I was having Mongolian BBQ last night (my other dine-out option), but the griddle had just cooked someone’s spicy order, and I was picking chili skins and nightshade seeds out of my meal all evening. Anyone interested in helping me get it off the ground?
The incidence of autoimmune disease has skyrocketed over the past few decades: more than 700 million people around the world are now affected. Unfortunately, conventional treatment has little to offer in most cases. Find out how simple dietary changes could help prevent—and even reverse—these debilitating and life-changing conditions.
This article is part of an ongoing series comparing prescription medication with a Paleo diet as a means of treating common diseases and health problem. Click here to read the other articles in the series.
Autoimmune disease—when the body essentially attacks itself— is one of the top ten causes of death in women and the elderly, and now affects one in ten people worldwide.
Over a hundred distinct autoimmune diseases have been identified, affecting nearly every organ system and tissue in the body, and at least forty other diseases are suspected of having an autoimmune basis or component. For example, it’s now believed that about 10 percent of people that have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes actually have an autoimmune form of the disease called “latent autoimmune diabetes in adults” (LADA), and some diseases like endometriosis that weren’t traditionally treated as autoimmune in origin are now viewed that way by some researchers and physicians.
There’s no sign of this trend slowing down; on the contrary, the prevalence of autoimmune diseases like type 1 diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease, and multiple sclerosis is increasing at an alarming pace. From 2001–2009 alone, the incidence of type 1 diabetes increased by 23 percent!
Autoimmune disease is skyrocketing, but conventional treatment has little to offer. Find out what to do instead.
But while autoimmune disease has become commonplace in the industrialized world, it’s rare or nonexistent in contemporary hunter-gatherers living a traditional lifestyle. This fact, along with the dramatic rise in autoimmune disease over the past half century, suggests that environmental factors—rather than genetics—are to blame.
These factors include the modern, western diet, chronic stress, changes in gut microbiota, environmental toxins, sleep deprivation, vitamin D deficiency, reduced sun exposure, and perhaps several other currently unidentified aspects of the modern lifestyle.
These factors don’t just trigger autoimmune disease in the first place, they also perpetuate and exacerbate it. So while autoimmune disease may not be completely curable (i.e. it disappears without a trace), removing the triggers can often lead to a significant reduction in symptoms or even complete remission (which, for all intents and purposes, is a cure).
With this in mind, let’s compare conventional treatment with a Paleo diet and lifestyle for the prevention and treatment of autoimmune disease.
Oral (and sometimes topical) steroids and other immunosuppressive drugs are the treatments of choice for autoimmune disease. Steroids suppress the immune system, which is often overactive in autoimmune disease.
The problem, of course, is that steroids don’t only suppress the part of the immune system that’s overactive—they suppress the entire immune system. And you don’t have to have a degree in medicine to know that our immune system plays a crucial role in protecting us from infection, healing wounds, and maintaining our overall health. It’s there for a reason, and anything that indiscriminately reduces its function (as steroids do) is bound to have serious adverse effects.
Unsurprisingly, steroids are associated with a long, and sometimes scary, list of adverse effects, including:
There’s no doubt that steroids “work” in many cases, insofar as they can reduce the symptoms associated with overactive immune function that are present in many autoimmune diseases. But the serious side effect profile of these medications begs the following questions:
Is there an effective alternative to steroids that isn’t associated with serious and potentially life-threatening side effects?
Is there a treatment for autoimmune disease that addresses the underlying causes or triggers, rather than just suppressing symptoms?
In my work with patients, I use a three-pronged approach to treating autoimmune disease with a nutrient-dense, Paleo diet. (For more detailed information on these strategies, see the bonus chapter on autoimmune disease in my book, The Paleo Cure—just published in paperback.) This includes:
Removing foods that may trigger or exacerbate an immune response. The best starting place for most patients is an autoimmune version of the Paleo diet, which follows the typical Paleo guidelines but also removes eggs and nightshade plants.
Increasing intake of nutrients that promote optimal immune function. These include glutathione, selenium, zinc, vitamin D, vitamin A, and EPA and DHA, which are all well-represented in a Paleo-type diet.
Increasing intake of foods that support a healthy gut microbiota. These include fermentable fibers that feed the beneficial bacteria, and fermented foods that contain the beneficial bacteria themselves. (For more on the connection between the gut microbiota and autoimmune disease, see this article.)
Of course, lifestyle modification is also crucial for people with autoimmune disease. This includes exercise (the right kinds, and the right amount), sun exposure, stress management, sleep, and pleasure and social connection.
I’ve seen miraculous results using these methods in my practice, even with patients with very serious autoimmune conditions. And I’ve received hundreds of success stories from my readers and listeners over the years, like this one from Rosie Marin:
One day my aunt noticed I had a lump on my neck and said I might have a thyroid problem like her and my mom. In 2007 I was diagnosed with Graves’ disease and immediately put on meds. Endo [Editor’s note: “endo” is short for endocrinologist] said I would be on meds for life and will gain weight since meds would slow down my metabolism. Apparently I had every symptom with the exception of bulging eyes. My Endo provided little information. I took meds daily, symptoms decreased, gained weight but was still lazy. My blood tests would go up & down. I figured this would just be my life, part of getting older and genetics.
In 2010 my boyfriend finally went to doctor for all these skin issues he was having. Found out he had a gluten allergy but not celiac. He started researching diets and came upon Paleo. His rashes went away and started losing weight faster than when he was doing P90x every day. One day he convinced me to give Paleo a two week try, just to see of I could do it. Being Mexican/Filipino I complained that I couldn’t give up rice, tortillas AND bread. I figured I’d give up by day 3 but I didn’t. I had to start cooking real food.
As the weeks turned into months and now three years, I’m off my thyroid meds and antidepressant. I’ve maintained a healthy weight, kept the 20 lb weight loss off, no eczema, no stomach problems, no migraines, more energy, no joint pains, no allergies.
My Endo does not support Paleo and refuses to acknowledge my diet changes has anything to do with my improved health. I still go through him to schedule blood tests every few months. It’s my way of letting him know how AWESOME I’m doing without him 🙂 The calls or emails from his nurse make me proud “everything looks normal.”
This story is particularly remarkable, because the treatment options for Graves’ disease are all extremely invasive, including toxic drugs, surgical removal of the thyroid gland, or radioactive ablation (i.e. “nuking”) the thyroid gland.
If your answer is Paleo, make sure to check out my book (just published in paperback with a new name: The Paleo Cure) for a detailed explanation of how to use Paleo to prevent and reverse disease and feel better than you have in years. And don’t miss the bonus chapter on addressing autoimmune disease with diet, lifestyle, and supplements.
As always, check with your doctor before starting or stopping any new treatment plan—including what I’ve suggested in this article. This is not intended to be medical advice, and is not a substitute for being under the care of a physician.
Hi Chris I just wanted to know if the diet helps with uveitis, been suffering from this for over 3 years now . Been on and off steroid drops, the doctor said it was caused by a autoimmune defence , I have bad abdominal problems associated with this condition I do think they are linked! If anyone else suffer from this please share what methods you’ve used to get rid of this condition , thank you 🙂
I have a neuropathic and connective tissue disorder and I eat a low inflammatory, clean diet and avoid foods that bother me which is any kind of gluten. I also eat low histamine as I don’t handle it well. I was able to be off any meds for 2 years and it was great, but the beast has returned and though I hate the steroids, they are keeping me walking and able to work. Not everyone can conquer autoimmune issues from diet alone and shouldn’t feel bad about having to take medications at the lowest possible dose to stay functioning during a flare.
My partner has an extremely aggressive form of autoimmune hepatitis which has resulted in her having 2 liver transplants already. Now a year and a half since the last one the autoimmune has returned and damaged the liver she has now and it has been muted that a 3rd transplant may not be offered and we’re all deviated. My partners only 46 and been teetotal all her life. We have 3 daughters together ages 29,13 and 11 and 2grandchildren. Is it too late for her to try paleo?
I’m sorry to hear about your wife. I’m in the process of getting diagnosed with a liver condition which I suspect is Autoimmune Hepatitis as I already have an autoimmune disease. Get my liver biopsy result on Wednesday. While I don’t know if I do or not I am currently trying the Autoimmune protocol diet. There is alot of information you can find on the internet. Please please try it! If she’s already had liver transplant it seems like it’s the least thing you can try.
I am a new user on this website and after reading this post I thought of joining this conversation. Chris I have been suffering from Alopecia Areata over a year now. It has been a terrible time for me, dealing with extensive hair fall even when my treatment was ongoing. Then after giving some thought on this matter and after reading various articles I am thinking to change my diet that might help with my problem. If possible could you please suggest the foods, a diet or supplement that would help me in this matter. Thank you.
I qm convinced that the rise in autoimmune disease is triggered by dietary issues and the long term negative impact of vaccinations. Does anyone have an knowledge or perhaps research that you can suggest along this area. Thank you.
Gary, you should be convinced. Shouldn’t be hard to figure out, especially if you have been reading on IT and GI issues and how many of the same people claim to have the same issues eating the same foods. We are what we eat, plain and simple, so yea – our diets make us or break us.
The university I was going to required certain age groups to have another MMR vaccine even though I had it as a child. I truly believe it resulted in my Fibromyalgia pain and condition. I have not been the same since.
AIP has been THE life-changer for my husband and I! We started on GAPS/SCD 4 years ago and had tremendous healing from horrible leaky gut. But we also gained about 35 pounds each. After about 2 years on GAPS/SCD, we weren’t even feeling that well anymore. First I learned about portioning—and it was the magic key to weight loss. No deprivation, just a more balanced plate that now included safe Paleo starches like plantain and butternut squash. When I heard about AIP and the additional foods we could try removing to see if more healing was possible—BINGO! Nightshades and nuts were doing a number on us!! I’ll take Paleo and AIP ANY day over Standard Nutrition Recommendations—and it’s what I tell my clients who REALLY want to try and heal without pharmaceutical intervention.
Is there one case when somebody with auto immune disorder with thyroid antibodies would go into remission and later was able to reintroduce wheat, grains, nuts and diary with no side effects?
Hi chris. My son was recently diagnosed with PANDAS (although not yet an official diagnosis). I’m curios if you’re familiar with the condition? And if so, would you treat it any differently with an infection (strep) being the suspected trigger. He’s currently on prophylaxis (which I’m weary about) and dr is considering IVIG. Any advise would be greatly appreciated
Something I would lile to add. How do u gain weight on auto immune paleo protocol? After two months i lost over 15 pounds. I am 6.1 and currently 158 pounds. This is scary cause I feel like I am shrinking. Before 7 months ago I was 178, muscular and low body fat. So hard to regain that weigh. Seems like with veggies and meat and fruits you can only stay lean.
I tried the Wahl’s fudge, Terry Wahl’s suggestion for those with trouble gaining weight. It’s mostly coconut oil, with avocado, walnut, and raisins to sweeten. I can’t post the exact recipe and obey copyright. It didn’t make much difference for me. I’ve also tried other “fat bombs”. I’m not sure if I burn fat really well, or it goes right through me.
I recently went on quite a carb bender, and gained 10-15 pounds of belly fat. Now, I have carb cravings, and I’m hoping to slowly apply the brakes on this trend by increasing the fat ratio, and stabilizing blood sugar. The carbs are mostly rice and potatoes, not AI compliant, I guess. But, I could probably get similar results with a lot of cooked carrots, beets, squash, and fruit.
I’ve been hearing a lot of chatter, in various forums, which I find someone is advising a DIY step for hypothyroidism that would be contraindicated in the majority of cases, or, just plain bogus. But, they claim it worked for them.
I hate to be that guy, but, I hope people have their BS filters in place. Do adults still need to hear this in 2015?
I’m linking to a “Thyroid 101” podcast. It’s an oldie, but, a goodie. I’m not a huge Jimmy Moore fan, but, he’s interviewing this guy named Chris Kresser, who covers the topic very well, IMO. In particular, he points out that a treatment cannot be recommended without a thorough case review and testing. Still, there are some good DIY tips to help a patient work with their practitioner from an informed position.
I have had a couple high TSH readings, without further testing, so, I would be interested in a more comprehensive test.
I see privatemdlabs.com has a “Thyroid Checkup” test for about $153 which includes reverse T3, but, not the autoimmune antibody testing. For that, they offer “Thyroid Check Deluxe” for about $233.
“Thyroid Panel Complete” is the “January Test of the Month (2015)” from directlabs.com, but, I can’t find specifics. It’s $139, which is a $50 discount.
I am new to Paleo and finding it somewhat difficult to stick to. Since early adulthood I have suffered from Chronic Fatigue which gradually increased in severity….I am now in my mid 40’s. For the most part I am now gluten and dairy free but occasionally I cave in and have a latte or a bit of bread/pastry. We are now eating local free range meat, I get a locally sourced organic veggie box each week and we don’t have processed food. I work on positivity, a little meditation and gentle excersize. After learning much more about how chronic stress can cause CFS in the last two years I have improved dramatically. Sometimes I feel amazing and at others I seem to drop through the floor for no apparent reason. Recent blood tests were great – iron: 33 (never been that good!) but my calcium is low!! My diet does not contain much dairy but I do eat lots of greens, seeds, nuts etc. I have read that the parathyroid plays a part in calcium absorption but does this suggest autoimmune? Thanks for reading.
I would be extremely interested in learning what your homeopath used to get rid of your goitre. Could you please list what was used, thank you.
Christine – I used Bromium 6c, twice per day, and I felt something happening in my goiter same day. My homeopath says that the whole thing will probably shrink back to normal size. Woohoo!
Could you advise how long you were on the Bromium before you noticed a shrinkage in size of your goiter.
I guess it took a month or two to definitely notice that it was shrinking. Before that I thought maybe I was imagining things… but no, it really was shrinking.
Christine, I’m somewhat new to homeopathy but my understanding is that you get best results by choosing the remedy that best fits *your* total picture of symptoms right now. Homeo is not like vitamins…
You can go to http://www.homeopathyandmore.com and click the top center link and it will help u select the right remedy for u. Just move fast thru the questionnaire, don’t think about it too much, then it will give you a few recommended remedies.
I am studying holistic nutrition at Bauman College. I had to do a condition report and chose “The Gluten Connection to Arthritis” because I wanted to give it to my friend who thinks her debilitating arthritis is “just genetic.” I followed through on lipopolysaccarides as mentioned by Tom O’Bryan at a conference I attended, which I did not understand. It led me to Alessio Fasano. I really wonder if you understand this connection. Yes the diet works because gluten is removed and the gut permeablitly addressed. But the body is not attacking itself. LPS is initiating (over and over) an inflammatory immune response to what is perceived as a gram negative bacterial infection. The receptors for LPS are located on cells throuhout the body. And some people have fewer of them. Would you like to read my paper with hyperlinks to the research?
Can you just start a blog, and post it, publicly? Maybe that would be too much exposure, but, it’s pretty easy with blogger.com or such. Perhaps close the entry to comments, if you don’t have a thick skin. Everybody seems to have to tolerate trolls. Also, blogger.com is tied to your google account, so, there are pros and cons to that.
I am interested in reading your paper on LPS. Most specifically, I want to know how to avoid them. My daughter did Cyrex’s gut permiability array and came up postive for immune reactivity to LPS. I also am working hard on putting my autoimmunity in remission and want to know how to keep my gut intact and inflammation down. Thanks.
I have a question for those of you who have gotten off of your thyroid medication. Did you just go cold turkey and quit one day or what?
I desperately want to get off of the Levothyroxin. After many experiments with different drugs, this seemed to be the only thryroid pill I could take without having massive symptoms. I was diagnosed with Hashimoto’s about 7 years ago, and with Celiac 2 years ago. I do not want to continue taking the pills for the rest of my life.
I’ve heard you should NOT go cold turkey off thyroid medication especially if you are on higher than low doses or have been on it a while as it might really make crash with debilitating or dangerous symptoms. Reduce the dose a little at a time with a doctor’s supervision is advised. These are drugs not to be toyed with. I have read once you are on them for too long, you may be totally dependent on them for the rest of your life as the drugs will suppress all thyroid activity (and maybe pituitary activity, hypothalamus, etc.). That’s how they work. If you’ve been on them for a long time, you might not have the option of going off them. Removing the only thyroid your body is getting could be dangerous. Just be aware
I had nothing but problems with any medication and I tried every one of them. Most of them made my symptoms worse and it got to the point where I was so exhausted I was paralyzed. Very scary. Then I discovered “the diet that saved my life”. Although I still don’t have the energy I wish I did, I’m no longer crashing and it’s way better than having to take drugs. My advice is to get so good at the diet you aren’t cheating and give your body time to heal before attempting to reduce the medication dosage. Then slowly a little at a time.
Thank you Multiple Chemical Survivor . When you say you found “the diet that saved your life”, are you referring to the Paleo or something else? I’ve been trying to do that as best I can, except for the meat. We are still buying it in the grocery store. I can’t afford the grass fed, etc that the plan suggests at this time. (Got laid off and having to watch money)
I do feel much better than I did this time last year. My doctor says I’m “IN RANGE” now with my medication. Been on 50mcg for several years now. So I will take it slow and let my body heal, and not get in a hurry.
Hi Teresa, I am not a doctor or health care provider but another hashimoto’s patient. I also have a hard time tolerating thyroid hormone, BUT I know that I am way better off giving my body the thyroid hormone it needs. I see some people like yourself wanting to “get off the meds” but supplemental thyroid hormone is not like a medication, it is simply replacing what your body can no longer produce, but desperately needs. Cleaning up your diet is a great first step. Seeing that you have celiac disease as well, I would pay special attention to the fillers in the brand of levothyroxine you are currently taking. Some brands have corn and or dairy fillers, both of which can be gluten cross reactors. There is a very clean form of levothryoxine call ‘Tirosint’ that is safe for celiacs and sensitive autoimmune patients. I cannot recommend enough working with a functional medicine practitioner who specializes in autoimmune disease. Together you can work with them to fine tune your diet, address any nutrient deficiencies, make sure your hormones are at optimal levels, ensure the type of thyroid replacement you are taking is safe for you, as well as working on healing your gut and immune system, hopefully putting your autoimmunity into remission. But please be open to the fact, that even in remssion, some of us may still need to give our bodies some supplemental thyroid hormone in order to be healthy. Best wishes.
Heather Burkhardt, Thank you so much for replying. I am using a D.O. (family doctor) for my treatment. I was seeing an Endo, but when I questioned him about finding other more natural things instead of the thyroid medication, he blew up and told me “if I didn’t take the medication like he wanted me to that my heart would blow up and explode.”, after that I didn’t feel like he was very professional and decided not to go back to him. Still looking for someone else in my area, but haven’t found anyone that I trust now.
Thank you for informing about ‘Tirosint’, I have never heard of it. Been on every other type of thyroid medication with bad side effects. I have also put on about 40 lbs since I’ve been on the medication, and it is very hard to get off. That’s another reason I was thinking of getting off of it. I don’t really feel any difference being on it, except for the fact that I’m now heavier.
Heather Burkhardt, Hello…. I forgot to ask, in your response above you mention seeking a functional medicine practitioner who specializes in autoimmune disease someone who could help with my Celiac and my thyroid problem. I cannot find anyone who does both. It’s either a GI doctor for my gut issues or an Endocrinologist for my thyroid. What type of doctor would you suggest who can do both?
The type of practitioner I am refering to is a ‘Functional Medicine Practitioner’ these are people trained to investigate the root causes of conditions, use treatments based on evidence and to treat the body as a whole system. They will generally want to overhaul your diet, give you nutrients by way of supplements and herbs and put you on protocols to help you heal. I found my ‘Functional Nutritionist’ via Dr. Kharrazian’s website. He is worth his
weight in gold, he is a trained chiropractor that got trained in nutrition via Dr. Kharrazian because his wife has Hashimoto’s. His only down side is that he cannot prescribe in California, so I work in combination with my primary care nurse practitioner, for prescriptions and some lab orders. My ‘Nutritionist’ knows way more about hashimoto’s and autoimmune disease than my nurse practioner, luckily she is open minded and is interested in how we are managing my autoimmunity. In general, even though you have both celiac and hashimoto’s, the approach to putting both kinds of autoimmunity in remission will be relatively similar. Getting your gut in really good shape is absolutely critical, as well as other areas specific for you. A good functional medicine doctor will know. One of the key labs we used with my nutrionist is Cyrex Labs. I would trust a practitioner who is aware of them, and uses them. Keep in mind, this is just ‘my opinion’. One option to locate a practitioner is to google ‘Functional Medicine’ in your area, or check out Dr. Kharrazian’s website. BTW, Chris Kresser and his team, are exactly these kind of practitioners.
Heather Burkhardt , thank you so much for your assistance. You have been an answer to my prayers. I will definitely search further into this. I hope you find the answers to your questions you are seeking as well.
I wish I could use Chris Kresser, since I am familiar with his work, unfortunately I’m the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas area. (If Chris is reading this I’d love to have a visit from him and maybe he could personally suggest someone in my area to use. LOL)
Teresa, in Dallas there are several Functional Medicine Drs. One of the is Margret Christensen MD of Carpathia Clinic, In San Antonio Dr Peter Osborne, really good and in Austin Dr Amy Meyers MD (graves disease and has written a couple of books on autoimmunity
Thanks for the great book Chris! Love the Paleo diet. Like one of the folks above, despite being on it, I was still having some problems and in my case multiple food intolerances. Come to find out, the issue was about 90% spiritual! Who knew?
As the Universe would have it, my food intolerances were just a symptom of a spiritual imbalance in my case whereby foreign astral Soul fragments of other people were lodged in my astral body. As I remove the fragments, my problems are resolving. Of course sticking to Paleo is helping a lot (just can’t eat nuts in my case..or at least just yet).
I’ll have a healthier life, one that doesn’t support all the lies that line the pockets of greedy people. You know the ones who say; eat more grains, fat is bad for you, stop eating salt, don’t eat eggs, especially the yolks! Don’t worry about added pesticides, antibiotics, growth hormones, GMO’s, they make the food look prettier and bigger! Heck, I’d probably get more nutrition from eating those crickets and bugs, than the sprayed food. Oh and all the sugar that has been added to our foods exponentially every year, no big deal, we need glucose for energy, wrong! I am sick and tired, literally, pun implied, with what we are duped into believing is good for us because the medical field, big pharma, GMO producing agriculturists are all telling us!
You have a choice John, let’s leave these lies for a healthier way of life and get well together or This is goodbye!
Chris, something I can not find the answers anywhere for. I went to see my md to do just routine checkup and blood test. I asked for thyroid testing as my dad has hyperthyroidism. My tsh t3 and t4 were in the middle of the accepted ranges but I was tested positive for thyroid antibodies. I freaked out and went on paper autoimmune protocol. Had few eggs from time to time, had few glasses of wine in two months and had traces of chese in my salad twice. I added Brazil nuts to my diet but besides that I was no wheat, no nuts, no diary. After two months my thyroid tpa went from 91 to 480.
I love your work and appreciate the balanced and thoughtful approach to your communications. However, where the Paleo diet may be THE answer for some people with autoimmune disease, it accounts for only part of the solution for other people like myself.
I have both Graves and Hashimoto’s. When I went on pure Paleo it was the first time I completely eliminated dairy and gluten which is what I believe reduced the Hashimoto’s antibodies. The Graves antibodies didn’t budge. When I went on Low Dose Naltrexone the Graves antibodies still didn’t budge (although I felt much better and recommend LDN). Even after going through treatment for Lyme disease, no change in either of the antibodies although I felt better and was cleared headed.
Finally, I found out that I have 2 HLA-DR gene mutations that prevent my body from detoxing Lyme and mold biotoxins. Bingo. Exposure to mold is what has sent the Graves antibodies through the roof to the point of almost dying from a thyroid storm several years ago. I am now hopeful that going through the Shoemaker biotoxin clearing protocol will finally make digestive healing possible (MSH is extremely low) as well as eliminate the recirculating biotoxins that are causing chronic inflammation and keeping my immune system overactive.
I tell you all this to make the point that diet is not THE answer for everyone. I know for sure that diet is the foundation of healing, but it should not be promised as THE solution to autoimmune disease. I know people with 5+ autoimmune diseases who eat a perfectly clean diet, meditate everyday and do everything possible to heal their digestive tract. Clearly, there can be something else at play.
I would love to see you include Lyme, mold illness and the HLA-DR gene issues in your work with autoimmune disease and chronic inflammation. This is a little known area of treatment that needs much more visibility.
Certainly. The purpose of this series is to inform people that there are alternatives or complements to medication, not to suggest that Paleo is a panacea. If it was, I would not have a job as a functional medicine practitioner.
Love your work Chris! I have been following an AIP Paleo diet for 11 months now and have experienced great improvements in my immune function, thyroid function (even dropped medication needed by 1/3!), digestive and RA symptoms. I am wanting to start decreasing my RA meds, especially the methotrexate because it has terrible side effects (I am already down to only 5 mg prednisone). However, my rheumatologist is not a big fan of this idea…. She says I may have a flare and then it could be very difficult to get under control again. Do you think this is a reasonable concern or more of an empty threat?
Hi Donna, I also have RA – was diagnosed 15 years ago and was on very heavy meds – MTX, prednisone 5mg/day and Humira once/week. As you see from my dosage, I was one of the 20% patients needed heavier dose for humira. I started a autoimmune Paleo diet 2 years ago and was able to get off MTX and Prednisone a few months after I started; at first I took the the injection form of MTX and as my health continued to improve I was off of it entirely about after a year. However I agree diet isn’t nearly enough for me; I tested positive SIBO about 9 months ago and was on herbal antibiotics protocol since. Ever since then, I gradually tapered off Humira, and my last shot of Humira was about 3 months ago. My leaky gut isn’t entirely healed yet; but I could see where I’m going; I’m pretty positive that soon I will be able to be entirely drug free. Nowadays I’m wearing 3.5 inch heels – I haven’t been able to do that in the past 15 years!!! Of course, all these I didn’t bother to consult with my Rheumatologist; he wouldn’t agree with me anyway; I did it on my own. But What I can tell you is that getting off of MTX and Prednisone is a very important part of my healing; not until then my gut really started to heal. Hope my journey helps you to make a decision 🙂
Chris – 3 of my siblings and I have Hashimotos, inherited from my our mother. Everything I am reading lately say it is auto immune and not inherited. I have been mostly Paleo for 2+ years. Have lost weight but no change in my thyroid labs.
I had Hashi’s too. I’m not sure what made my thyroid start working again, but I was following a 80/20 WAPF diet, and still do, although I was gluten-free for two years. The GF diet didn’t seem to help anything else and my digestive issues were eventually diagnosed as diverticulitis. My homeopath has gotten rid of the diverticulitis and my goiter too.
Lycopodium 200c + Arsenicum 3c, taken together twice a day. It removed all of my pain within a week, and all loose stools within a month or two. I was good for 6 months after. She said to then take as needed if symptoms return.
Thank you, this is very interesting. I never thought about homeopathic remedies for digestion. Glad to hear it worked.
The goiter disappearing seemed more amazing to me. I guess because it was so huge and I’d had it for 6-8 years. After taking the homeopathic remedy since last May it is down to about 30% of it’s previous size. My doctor wanted me to have it out…. but I’d rather keep my “bits”.
I’d like to know what homeopathics you are taking as have tried some and they did not work for me. Have a rather large goiter so really would like to know, Thanks
How can you advocate the paleo diet when it is consistently ranked the least effective diet plan in almost every way by the nutritional establishment?
Brilliant response Chris! I had POTS (postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome, where the body doesn’t constrict your blood vessels upon standing, resulting in fainting, inability to stay upright, and a rapid heartbeat) for over a year during which my doc got me addicted to Ativan. I also developed an intolerance to beans which caused me extreme pain and malnutrition for months as I developed leaky gut.
After tapering off that, starting a paleo diet, and taking supplements like fish oil, Zyflamend, Host Defense Cordychi, a probiotic, d ribose, and CoQ10 amongst others and implementing an exercise program in which I progressively exercised in more upright positions, I’ve cured myself. Your advice has been invaluable, and my confidence in natural remedies has skyrocketed. The paleo diet really works, just as it did for our ancestors. Also, eliminating all grains, not just gluten-containing ones, helped me lose weight. I now work in the industry on my feet for 8+ hours with no symptoms. Thank you!!
I know this is a pretty old comment, but I’m interested to know about your case. I’ve been dizzy for weeks, tachycardia as well (kept under control by beta blockers), and the occasional neck pain. I read it’s an irritated vagus nerve from GI distress, and my acupuncturist agrees. I shouldn’t forget to mention that I’ve doctor-hopped and it took me nowhere!
Were you pretty sure about your POTS diagnosis? In my case, I’m quite convinced it’s systemic candida overgrowth that’s causing me all these symptoms plus irritable bowel for years, anxiety, rashes sometimes, etc. Did you dig deeper and saw an underlying health cause for your syndrome?
because “the nutritional establishment” is backed by big agra and the stakes are too high for them to admit that they are wrong. just keep reading the research on paleo / primal / caveman / grain free …. the results are amazing and consistent. this isn’t a fad. this is good food.
Who is this “nutritional establishment,” and do they know what the term nutrition means? (I’m guessing no based on that SlimFast selection.)

Christina Aguilera is on the cover of Cosmopolitan’s October issue and she’s revealing some feelings about her “Dirrty” days.
Back in 2002, Aguilera took a left turn out of teen pop into the sexy, empowered world of her album Stripped. The album’s lead single “Dirrty” kicked off a new look for Christina, but unfortunately not everyone was along for the ride. “I love the female body, and I think it’s something to be proud of, not something that men should dictate ownership of” Aguilera tells Cosmo. “’Dirrty’ was extremely controversial at the time, but it would be nothing now. I hope I paved the way and helped set the ground rules that women can be any version of themselves they wanna be…and proud of it.”
The singer who is gearing up for her Liberation Tour, dug deeper on the comparisons she received at the time to another pop star. In the terrible, time-honored tradition of pitting successful women against each other, Aguilera's image was often compared to Britney Spears.
“It’s hard to hear yourself being called names” says Christina. “I remember being hurt by these commercials on MTV, pitting Britney as the good girl and me as the bad girl. It’s like, if I’m going to be demure and innocent, that’s okay. But if I’m going to just be myself, I’m trouble.”
Christina Aguilera released her eighth studio album this year. Liberation finds Xtina going back to basics, and recapturing her passion as an artist. “With this record, I'm stripping back a lot and just trying to find myself again - just the true love and the art in the process, and not just going for some formulaic sort of force-fed direction that we can get caught up in” Aguilera explains.
The team hopes to take its Tissue Nanotransfection technology into clinical trials some time next year(Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
Technologies that reprogram one type of cell to perform the role of another hold a huge amount of potential when it comes to medicine, possibly changing the way we treat everything from Parkinson's to pancreatic cancer to brain tumors. One broader outcome of all of this could be a game-changing ability to repair and restore damaged tissue and organs. Scientists are now reporting a promising advance in the area, in the form of patch that they say can use an electric pulse to turn skin cells into the building blocks of any organ.
The new technology has been dubbed tissue nanotransfection and was developed by scientists at The Ohio State University's Wexner Medical Center. According to the researchers, it uses the skin as a kind of regenerative cellular factory, where it produces any cell type that can then be used to repair injured or aging tissues, organs and blood vessels. It consists of a nanotechnology-based chip that is applied to the skin, which is then struck with a short electric pulse to deliver genetic instructions into the cells of the tissue.
"These are genes that induce tissue plasticity allowing the flexibility to direct the fate," Chandan Sen, first author of the paper, explains to New Atlas. "Thus, for example, skin cells can be directed to form blood vessels, or neural cells, or some other cell of interest."
We have seen a number of promising approaches to reprogramming cells for various regenerative health purposes. In 2012, a Japanese researcher won a Nobel Prize for his discovery that skin cells from mice could be harvested and converted into stem cells in the lab, work that has inspired a number of exciting breakthroughs since.
But according to Sen, one of the main advantages his tissue nanotransfection technology holds over other approaches is the fact that the cell conversion takes place in the body. This avoids the thorny issue of immune response, in which the host cells react to the newcomers and possibly attack them, something that can cause a raft of complications.
"Ours is reprogramming of not just cells but tissue within the live body under immune surveillance," he tells us. "Our strategy must co-operate with physiological factors to achieve the end goal."
That end goal is still a while away, but his team is making promising progress all the same. It put the technology to the test on animals, and in one experiment involving mice with badly injured legs lacking blood flow, it was able to convert skin cells into vascular cells. Within about a week, the legs featured active blood vessels. By the second week they were saved.
In a separate experiment, the team was also able to use the technology to reprogram skin cells into nerve cells, which were then injected into brain-injured mice to assist with stroke recovery.
"This is difficult to imagine, but it is achievable, successfully working about 98 percent of the time," said Sen. "With this technology, we can convert skin cells into elements of any organ with just one touch. This process only takes less than a second and is non-invasive, and then you're off. The chip does not stay with you, and the reprogramming of the cell starts. Our technology keeps the cells in the body under immune surveillance, so immune suppression is not necessary."
The team hopes to move onto clinical trials some time next year, but Sen tells us they must first test the technology on larger animals and design the device to work on humans.
You can hear from Sen in the video below, while the research was published in the journal Nature Nanotechnology.
Technologies that reprogram one type of cell to perform the role of another hold a huge amount of potential when it comes to medicine (Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
Ohio State University researchers demonstrate how their Tissue Nanotransfection would work on humans (Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
The team put the technology to the test on animals, and in one experiment saved the legs of mice that previously lacked blood flow (Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
The team hopes to take its Tissue Nanotransfection technology into clinical trials some time next year (Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
Chandan Sen, first author of the research, with the Tissue Nanotransfection chip (Credit: Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center)
New Books in EducationNew Books in MedicineNew Books in Politics & SocietyNew Books in PsychologyNew Books in Public PolicyNew Books in Science & TechnologyNew Books in SociologyNew Books Network July 3, 2017 Eugenio Duarte
Anxiety has become a social epidemic. People feel anxious all the time about nearly everything: their work, families, and even survival. However, research shows that some of us are more prone to chronic anxiety than others, due in large part to experiences in utero and during the first year of life. My guest, psychologist Dr. Daniel Keating, explores these biological and genetic mechanisms in his new book, Born Anxious: The Lifelong Impact of Early Life Adversity–and How to Break the Cycle (St. Martin’s Press, 2017). His many years of research inform his ideas about the role of social inequality in elevated stress levels, and the impact of stress and adversity on gene expression and manifestations of anxiety. In our interview, we talk about the implications of these findings for understanding why some people perpetually feel tightly-wound and easily triggered. He also shares his suggestions for breaking this cycle and reducing our proneness to anxiety.
Daniel P. Keating is a professor of psychology at the University of Michigan. He has conducted research at leading North American universities, at Berlin’s Max Planck Institute, and with the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, where he was a fellow for two decades and led the program in human development. His research focuses on developmental differences–cognitive, social, and emotional and in physical and mental health. Listen to our interview by clicking below.


With more than 20 years of experience in the static elimination industry our team here at Euroto Ltd are more than capable or providing you with Printing Machines in Barnsley. When it comes to high quality machines that eliminate static energy you have come to the professionals to suit all of your needs.
We have experience of supplying our clients with stroboscopes across the whole of the UK and Europe especially in Barnsley. With some of our equipment being put to use in large companies such as Coca Cola, Nestle and Unilever you can trust our products to work at your business. By using our equipment you are sure to improve your productivity and also improve the quality of your products for sale. All of our equipment including Printing Machines are available as high quality static elimination solutions. The stroboscopes, industrial scopes and other specialist equipment we produce are suitable for all industries and can be tailored to suit your needs.
For more information about Printing Machines in the Barnsley area call us on +44 7831 268 402. We are the innovators behind the new strobe LED technology in the work place.
With more than 20 years of experience in the static elimination industry our team here at Euroto Ltd are more than capable or providing you with Printing Machines in County Cork. When it comes to high quality machines that eliminate static energy you have come to the professionals to suit all of your needs.
We have experience of supplying our clients with stroboscopes across the whole of the UK and Europe especially in County Cork. With some of our equipment being put to use in large companies such as Coca Cola, Nestle and Unilever you can trust our products to work at your business. By using our equipment you are sure to improve your productivity and also improve the quality of your products for sale. All of our equipment including Printing Machines are available as high quality static elimination solutions. The stroboscopes, industrial scopes and other specialist equipment we produce are suitable for all industries and can be tailored to suit your needs.
For more information about Printing Machines in the County Cork area call us on +44 7831 268 402. We are the innovators behind the new strobe LED technology in the work place.


Very good place actually, quite impressed by the fast and attentive service. Nice soups, pizzas and wine. Worth visiting it.

Please note that orders containing pre-order items will not be shipped until all items are available.
If you would like to receive additional items before the release date listed above, you will need to create a separate order for these items.
Please also note that release dates are subject to change - customers will be informed of any changes by e-mail.

Powered by IGN you can expect to see world- first exclusive gameplay the hottest new tra. Game full game activated complete for steam. Final Fantasy XIII latest version: Square Enix is finally fulfilling PC owners fantasies.
Having been out since, Final Fantasy XIII holds precious few surprises. Sequel follows Jim Bickerman, a poacher who discovers that his.
Find out why Close. TYPE0 Final Fantasy Type- 0 announced as Final Fantasy Agito XIII, originally developed is an action role playing game in the Fabula Nova Crystallis: Final Fantasy. Free Download Final Fantasy XIII ( PC) Free Games.
Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy is a series of games within the Final Fantasy video game franchise. It was primarily developed by series creator and developer Square Enix, which also acted as publisher for all titles. Final Fantasy XIII ( USA) PC Download for PC/ Windows.
Final Fantasy XIII is the eagerly anticipated title from Square Enix that takes full advantage of the superior power and technology in Xbox 360, providing tangible, intuitive controls while delivering seamless transitions between real- time gameplay and stunning in- game cinematics.
Here we are offer best quality for Barbados 7 Piece Sectional Set with Cushions and guarantee cheaper than other online shopping store. Look inside store for get more discount, read best our review below.
Love this Leslie Leather Loveseat! It fits perfectly in our house. The Leslie Leather Loveseat was great! It was everything I expected plus more. I love the color and the style so I kept it. Beautiful, looks just like picture, good quality product for price, packaged well and easy to assemble, would definitely recommend.
The Leslie Leather Loveseat is well made and looks to be of quality materials. Satisfied with quality, price, and look!. Very satisfied with the quality of customer service and the delivery team was awesome. It arrived a week early as well. I would definitely shop Wayfair again.
The body does not vibrate like a blade bait. The spinner blades put out enough vibes. I fished 3 baits equal time today.... A 3/8oz jig and trailer, a blade bait and this new bait I made. I only caught 5-6 bass and they all came on these in the pics. Bob O on BBC was with me and saw these in action too... I caught more and the biggest fish from the back of his basscat.
$6 Maybe $7.... Are those plain brass blades ? Have you guys ever put them on a buffing wheel? You can get them like a mirror if you want shiny brass. You just have to lacquer them.

The report concluded that “If all drinkers followed the recommended drinking guidelines, the alcohol industry would lose almost 40% of its revenue, an estimated £13 billion.”
The analysis, carried out by researchers at the Institute of Alcohol Studies and the University of Sheffield’s Alcohol Research Group, also shows that:
• Drinkers consuming more than the government’s low-risk guideline of 14 units (around one and a half bottles of wine or six pints of beer) per week make up 25% of the population, but provide 68% of industry revenue
• The 4% of the population drinking at levels identified as ‘harmful’ (over 35 units a week for women, over 50 units a week for men) account for almost a quarter (23%) of alcohol sales revenue (illustrated)
According to the IAS, the results of the study appear to contradict industry rhetoric that moderate drinking is not a threat to their business model because they can encourage drinkers to ‘drink less, but drink better’, and trade up to more expensive beverages.
Aveek Bhattacharya, policy analyst at the Institute of Alcohol Studies, and the lead author of the paper, said:
‘Alcohol causes 24,000 deaths and over 1.1 million hospital admissions each year in England, at a cost of £3.5 billion to the NHS. Yet policies to address this harm, like minimum unit pricing and raising alcohol duty, have been resisted at every turn by the alcohol industry. Our analysis suggests this may be because many drinks companies realise that a significant reduction in harmful drinking would be financially ruinous.
‘The government should recognise just how much the industry has to lose from effective alcohol policies, and be more wary of its attempts to derail meaningful action through lobbying and offers of voluntary partnership. Protecting alcohol industry profits should not be the objective of public policy – previous research has shown that reducing alcohol consumption would not only save lives and benefit the exchequer, but could also boost the economy and create jobs.’
Colin Angus, research fellow in the Sheffield Alcohol Research Group at the University of Sheffield, and a co-author on the paper said:
‘These figures highlight an important conflict of interest in the UK Government’s approach to reducing alcohol problems. Its decision to work in partnership with the alcohol industry is unlikely to lead to effective policies when heavy drinkers provide a large share of the industry’s revenue.
‘The scale of price rises required to maintain current levels of revenue cast serious doubt on the alcohol industry’s claims that it supports moderate drinking.’
The Motorola Moto G4 XT1625 runs on Android v6.0.1 Marshmallow. It features a 5.5-inch display for a clear view. This smartphone features a convenient 13 MP camera with autofocus and dual LED flash that lets you take pictures on-the-go. You can store multimedia files on the storage capacity of 32 GB. This black smartphone supports GSM, HSPA, LTE networks. Powered by the Li-ion 3000 mAh battery, this smartphone ensures long hours of talk time.

We are in the middle of profound changes in technology as the world is becoming more connected than ever. Over a billion people are on social networks, with the power to instantly make or break brands. With $65 trillion in business-to-business commerce conducted each year, doing business in this digitally connected world is the rule rather than an exception.
The way information is created and consumed has also changed. We are now in an “always-on” digital era. Businesses need to run in real time to facilitate personalized engagement with customers.
The collective result of these trends is the unprecedented empowerment of people — as consumers, as employees, as citizens, and as societies. Rethinking the future implies fundamentally transforming your business; as your customers become increasingly informed and connected, nothing is more important than keeping them at the center of everything you do.
To help unlock the secrets inside digital data and better connect with customers, companies can turn to SAP Solution Extensions. These cross-industry, SAP-supported solutions allow businesses to adjust to market changes quickly and become major players in this digital era.
Just like prior waves of best practices such as business process re-engineering and e-commerce, this new paradigm represents a simpler way to boost business productivity and simplicity. The SAP Extended Enterprise Content Management (SAP Extended ECM) application by OpenText helps companies create entirely new, optimized, and simpler processes across the enterprise, and have the ability to see content directly inside the business process.
With content management embedded in everything that we do, it is imperative to have a solid foundation for simplified processes extensible across the enterprise and across deployment models — whether on premise or in the cloud. An integrated digital platform, one that combines both data and content, can enable access to information anywhere, anytime.
For example, integration to the Ariba Network provides instant access to the world’s largest trading partner community, and helps you engage with suppliers and improve cash management.
Customers in asset-intensive industries such as oil and gas, chemicals, mining, and manufacturing use SAP Master Data Governance, enterprise asset management extension by Utopia, to sustain clean asset master data, and thus improve plant maintenance, optimize spare parts inventory, commission capital projects faster, and ensure environmental, health, and safety (EH&S) compliance.
While the end customer may be at the center of everything you do, it is critical not to ignore one of your most important resources: your people. Having the most effective and efficient human resource applications can extend benefits far past your internal processes. Tight integration with SuccessFactors solutions simplifies the complex process of managing employee information in an environment of burgeoning digital data and business networks.
Adding this simplicity is key, as the incredible growth of data threatens to overwhelm all departments, including HR, marketing, and sales teams. Keeping data and documents longer than necessary, for instance, hurts efficiency, increases costs, and raises the risk of liability. Yet disposal of records in violation of legal obligations to retain them can result in fines and damage the company’s brand. Organizations must strike the right balance to legally and effectively manage information and keep all the right data for just the right amount of time.
The SAP Digital Asset Management application by OpenText combined with hybris software delivers master data management (MDM) on a single platform with the entire commerce suite from hybris. This means no integration is necessary: Data models defined and managed in MDM software are automatically available for web content management, cross-channel commerce, order management, and customer service. With the native integration of SAP Digital Asset Management, you can centrally access and manage all your digital media objects in the context of the product catalogs and provide customers with a consistent, omnichannel experience. At the same time, you can operationalize the golden rule of digital asset management: Create once, and reuse and repurpose anytime, anywhere, across the enterprise to maximize the return on your marketing investments.
Failure to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has dire consequences for businesses, including loss of reputation and fines. This article explains how an organization can use SAP...
This article provides an overview of cloud-based solutions that SAP Solutions Extensions offer for HR, finance, and industry-specific business processes. It describes the benefits these solutions offer, such as streamlining...
SAP S/4HANA is only part of the equation for completing a digital transformation. The other part is formulating a detailed digital strategy and implementing it throughout your organization. This article...
Our new Cactus series created from original drawings by Sarah Bertochi. A museum quality art print created with fade resistant 19pt Savoy Cotton archival paper and ink. Printed in full color with Red background.
I am celebrating April Fool’s Day with a new shawl pattern. Meet Miss Tess, isn’t she pretty? I think of her as understated, elegant, and strong.
The PDF crochet pattern is available at a ♥ super special ♥ price of just 99 cents! Buy now because this launch price will expire on April Fool’s Day. ***4/1/2016: Launch price has now expired***
And stay tuned for the drawing for our giveaway of a signed copy of Poetic Crochet. It’s not too late to enter the drawing! I’ll be announcing the winner tomorrow–April Fool’s Day–no foolin’!
Making shawls is one of my passions when it comes to crocheting. I have found a couple of suppliers of very fine yarn as well as some variegated yarns that make a splash. I am 65 now and have been crocheting for well over 40 years. If I don’t spend time crocheting each day I feel like something is missing. I love the idea that you can take a piece of “string” and create something beautiful and/or practical out of it.
Thanks for this comment. I couldn’t agree with you more about shawls and pieces of “string.” I have said nearly the same thing verbatim many times. Thanks for sharing!


The University of Virginia Records (Catalogs) contain information about academic resources, policies and procedures, college and department programs, and undergraduate and graduate course offerings of the University.

Chainsaw in a box... heavily inspired by the tones of the HM2 Heavy Metal Distortion and the FY2 Companion Fuzz. This is an unique abomination.


Virtual Learning Room Conferences Consultant Services Field Trips Lectures by Instructors Spotlight & News Links Forms Comments by Students Scholarships Partnerships
Are you registering for a course and have not yet signed in to subscribe? Would you like to be made aware of new courses, our new course calendar, or simply find out what's new! Subscribe now and you will receive this free information and all news releases as they become available.
To start receiving information regarding new courses, our new course calendar, or simply be kept up-to-date with what's new, complete the form by clicking Subscribe Now!.
California Drywall Contractor Insurance. Drywall Contractors are tradesmen who carry out a specific function (drywall hanging, installing studs in preparation of rock hanging, and ceiling installations for renovation and new work. Drywall contractors, like other specialty contractors, are exposed to many risks at the job site. Getting a comprehensive contractors insurance policy package is the first step in the quest to secure financial protection in the event of work-place accident.
Hanging drywall, taping, and then applying mud to-drywall is a skill learned over time, requiring training and experience. Drywall installers are almost always exposed to injuries that can lead to significant medical expenses as well as lost wages for employees in case an accident occurs. The smartest move a drywall contractor can make is to ensure they are properly protected with an-adequate California drywall contractor insurance insurance policy.
California drywall contractor insurance protects your business from lawsuits with rates as low as $47/mo. Get a fast quote and your certificate of insurance now.
Protect your drywall contracting business from unexpected events and accidents with business insurance policy, so that you can juggle with your business and have less to worry about. A number of insurance companies have developed special insurance programs aimed at addressing the insurance needs of Drywall Contractors. Typically, the programs offer broad liability policy at low rates. They are available to smaller companies (with less than $5,000,000 in receipts). Bigger contracting companies are offered coverage under different terms.
In your drywall contractor business, choosing the right equipment for the job is quite important. And so is protecting your venture with the right insurance coverage. Professionals in the construction industry face unique risks from a sector that is physically demanding and faced with numerous regulatory hurdles. Drywall contractor insurance is for those who install, remove, or repair drywall, plasterboard, sheetrock, and wallboard in residential and commercial spaces. Our insurance company understands the construction space inside and out, and you can therefore find insurance products tailored to your own specific drywall business needs.
There are a wide variety of drywall contractor insurance options. Generally, a drywall contractor will need a number of different coverage policy parts or insurance covers to adequately cover the kinds of risk and exposure inherent to being a drywall contractor at their workplaces. Here are common insurance coverages for drywall contractors:
General Liability Insurance: General liability for drywall contractors comprises of three areas of coverage: products liability, premises liability, and completed operations. If a customer visits your office and they happen to trip over a power tool set next to the door, their bodily injuries can be covered by premises liability. On the other hand, completed operations covers any damages owing to completed drywall-work, after the work is already done.
Bond: A surety bond is a monetary guarantee to the licensing department of your state and your customer just in case you fail to complete a task according to your bid. It'll also typically be needed in order to receive a permit and license to operate in your state.
Workers Comp: Workers compensation insurance pays for hospitals, doctors, prescription drugs, lost wages and other related medical or recovery costs if one of the employees gets injured on the job. Most states require require workers compensation for any non-owner or partner employees.
Crime Insurance: This is an important policy for your business as it protects against crimes like vandalism, theft, and other fraudulent activity. Vandalized property, losses when services get paid with a stolen credit card, or stolen items are covered by crime insurance.
Umbrella Policy: Liability insurance plan for drywall contracting businesses provides great coverage, but have limits, whether it is general liability or property insurance. This is business insurance coverage for worst case scenarios. In case your standard business insurance covers reach their maximum payout limits, then an umbrella policy can offer you with additional coverage.
Our California drywall contractor insurance contractor packages are developed by identifying special needs, as well as potential exposures that you as a drywall contractor may face on a day-to-day basis. Our drywall contractor insurance covers are designed for your growing business. Through monitoring changes in the construction industry, we've developed insurance packages that take into account current new trends in construction, offering you with the peace of mind that you deserve to perform your work with excellence. This means you can worry less about exposure to risk, and focus more on growing the business.

We invite you to tune into the TV Series "ANSWERING THE CALL" to be inspired and challenged to put "feet to your faith"..

There’s been a slew of negative press in the last few months calling fad diets out for being negative among other things. The other issue I have is lumping the Keto lifestyle in with other diets without doing the proper due diligence.
I was sent an article recently that quoted a prominent American cardiologist as saying that the Keto lifestyle can increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and all-cause mortality. (For reference)
I generally steer clear of these types of articles because the people like this specific cardiologist who ran the American College of Cardiology will generally adhere to the standard american diet view and find a way to down something that is low carb.
He mentions the Lancet study completed and published in Aug 2018. Here’s a rebuttal arguing that the science is flawed: http://www.zoeharcombe.com/2018/08/low-moderate-or-high-carbohydrate. Zoe Harcombe is an incredible resource and she dissects the science of studies like this with such finesse. I truly admire her dedication. Back to the flaws; One of the reasons that Zoe Harcombe states is the reliance on people reporting their own food intake and not being strictly Keto which is 70%+ of fat. There is strong science that says that 30-60% fat is not good for you which is why being Keto is defined as staying above 70%. You do not enter a state of nutritional ketosis below 60% fat and therefore do not reap the benefits of such a state.
The other study he mentions is actually just a review study of 17 others. Most of the data they’re analyzing is referring to Low Carb and High Protein diets. The accepted percentage to deem something as “high” is above 33% of the caloric intake coming from a specific macronutrient. That would mean these people are eating at least 33% of their calories in the form of protein which is not suggested on Keto either. It should be around 20-25% when Keto which is considered a moderate protein intake.
Basically, Keto ends up getting lumped into anything that is “low carb” where low carb essentially can mean anything that is less than 50% of calories from carbs. This is the danger when reading anything that refers to a scientific study measuring results including a low carbohydrate diet. It is very important to review their methods and data. The conclusions of the study and the interpretation of a writer summarizing the study may not always jive.
I would encourage everyone to take some time to read up on the topic and definitely question articles that come out until you’ve taken the time to really look at the studies they are referencing.
Ketogenic and Intermittent Fasting enthusiast. Obsessed with everything pertaining to bettering myself through nutrition and physical activity. Reo, my Lab-Weimaraner mix, will make several appearances.	View all posts by Celtic Keto	
When you choose a Cengage resource for your course, we deliver a best-in-industry experience through the integration of specialist content, unmatched service and digital solutions.
Instant access to instructor resources including teaching manuals, PowerPoints, Test Banks, videos and more
Build student confidence and momentum in your course with top digital resources and unmatched service.
We partner with institutions to understand what you need and help you deliver better learning. As an educator, you're committed to providing students with the tools they need to thrive. No two institutions are the same and the needs of diverse learners require flexible solutions. Contact us to find out more.
We provide the highest-quality online continuing education courses that are easy to use through a network of over 2,100 top institutions and universities.
Being an author with Cengage can offer you a worldwide audience and new tools to deliver positive outcomes for learners.
Looking for an inspection copy? Instructor resources? Need digital support for your online course? Contact your dedicated learning consultant today.

Vintage minimal red flannel shirt by Atlas. Size: label states XL (approx a women's XL or a smaller fit for men). Model is 5'6 and usually wears a UK 8/10. Please see the measurements tab to ensure a good fit. Condition - this item is not new, so please expect some minor vintage wear such as minor imperfections or marks. On inspection there are no major signs of wear. POSTAGE - ALL PARCELS SENT VIA NON-TRACKED UNLESS REQUESTED. If you would like a tracked service please let us know before you order and we can help. Please message us if you have any questions.

Staples has discounted Bed Bath & Beyond gift cards right now. You can score a $100 gift card for only $90! This could be a great deal potentially because Bed Bath & Beyond and BuyBuyBaby both take 20% off coupons. When you stack the savings you are getting with the gift card purchase with a coupon at the store, you will be saving some good money!
Included in the gift card purchase price is a $1.99 Secure Shipping Fee. This covers trackable shipping through the US Post Office, to ensure safe arrival
To maximize the deal even further, use a credit card that gives you bonus cash back at Office supply Store purchases such as the SimplyCash® Business Card from American Express which gives you 5% at U.S. office supply stores (on first $50,000 spent.)
Bed Bath & Beyond® Gift Cards make the perfect gift. Bed Bath & Beyond, a nationwide chain more than 950 stores, offers one of the largest selections of products for your home anywhere, at everyday low prices. Choose from bed & bath accessories, window treatments, housewares, lifestyle accessories, storage items, decorative accessories and more.
Staples DOES NOT sell more than $2000 of gift cards in any order due to Federal anti-money laundering regulations
Gift Cards and phone cards are non refundable and non returnable. They are valid only at the retailer/service provider listed on the card. Prepaid cards cannot be redeemed for cash. Specific terms and conditions are included with each card.
Bed Bath & Beyond® Gift Cards are redeemable for merchandise only and may not be redeemed for cash, except where required by law. Gift Cards cannot be used for portrait studio services. If a gift card is lost or stolen, a replacement card will be reissued with the balance remaining when an original receipt is presented. This card is issued by BBB Value Services Inc. There are no service fees or expiration dates connected with the use of a Bed Bath & Beyond Gift Card. Bed Bath & Beyond is not a sponsor of this promotion. Terms and conditions apply to gift cards. Bed Bath & Beyond is a registered trademark. ©2012 Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. and its subsidiaries. Card can also be redeemed at our other retail concepts or on-line at bedbathandbeyond.com and buybuybaby.com.
The Weekly Flyer writes about travel from a business traveler perspective. He travels the world every week accumulating points and miles along the way. Feel free to reach me at theweeklyflyer@gmail.com
Attract causes Pokémon of the opposite gender to become infatuated. Infatuated Pokémon have a 50% chance of being immobilized by love each turn and unable to attack.
Attract will fail on Pokémon of the same gender, genderless Pokémon and those with the ability Oblivious. Mew and Cryogonal can learn Attract via TM despite being genderless, however, the move will have no effect.
When a Pokémon is holding Normalium Z and uses its Z-Power, Attract turns into Z-Attract and eliminates any stat drops applied to the user, in addition to its usual effect as above.
These Pokémon learn Attract at the level specified. The numbers given are for Pokémon Ultra Sun & Ultra Moon and may vary in other games; check the respective Pokédex pages for details.
These Pokémon can only learn Attract in previous games; check the respective Pokédex pages for full details.
I'm trying to catch a Combee, So I want to know if I catch a female with a higher level 21, how do I evolve it?
If I send a Magmar holding a Magmarizer through Pokegen would it evolve since its coming through the GTS?

More of my work can be found here, along with other OOAK Hallowe'en creations from this highly juried artists group.
A site dedicated to my fairytale independent reader, Faeries in the Gloaming, beautifully illustrated by Scottish artist Julia Jeffrey.
A juried site, Epilogue showcases the very best fantasy/horror/science fiction/anime artists on the Web.
In Larry's own words, his art encompasses a "surreal and magical world of witches and trolls and haunted forests." Great stuff!
I'm an artist residing in a CT beachside community with my vintage electronics dealer husband Mike and two house rabbits.
Inspiration for my clowns reaches as far back as the 16th style of street performance known as Commedia dell'Arte (my Punch is a direct descendent of Pulcinella) as well as drawing from more modern sources like the wondrously imagined Cirque du Soleil. Here and there I take historical reference in the construction of certain aspects of the costuming process, but I love the freedom that clowns offer to pursue the most whimsical, ludic, and even absurd directions in their attire. A couple of my marionettes have found their way into the pop culture: Mlle. Senyah was created for a how-to project on HGTV's "That's Clever!", and I was commissioned by Grammy award winning singer/songwriter Darrell Scott to creat a portrait marionette for the cover of his cd "The Theatre of the Unheard". That cd became a Top 100 Critics Choice for Rolling Stone Magazine.
6,036 developers from all over the world get a backstage pass to everything we do. Access to our Slack community, exclusive community member only features, discounts and special offers from our partners, and more.
Everyone is welcome. You are not an imposter. No matter who you are or where you are on your path of being a developer — this community is a safe place for you to hang your hat and call home. All you have to do is take the first step.
Connect with like-minded developers from all over the world. Hang with us and Slack in realtime during our live shows. Be the first to hear about upcoming shows and projects. This is your all-access pass to everything we do.
There's no way to truely say how much value I get from being a part of Changelog's developer community. I'm there everyday, and there's always something interesting being discussed. It's awesome.
We work hard to develop relationships with the most trusted brands, products, and services — we give the rewards of those efforts to you, the developer community.
From San Francisco to Berlin and everywhere in between, developers around the world trust Changelog to deliver the best news and podcasts for developers. Our community and content is in every corner of the globe.
This shoe is both comfortable and fun with its flexible rubber flatform sole which has silver glitter piping. It's a great all-rounder for work and casual wear, by combining the sporty rubber sole with a smart (and fun!) brogue upper.
It seems the magnitude and thoughtfulness of Microsoft never ceases to amaze me. I recently learned about a team called the Disability Employee Resource Group and found out they do some AMAZING things for Microsoft. Initially I was intrigued by the offering of free sign language classes, but as you'll see from this video, their reach extends far beyond that. Watch and be inspired!
Both my parents are blinds. I've set up windows media centre with a speech enabled remote so they can control live TV, films, music, recorded TV, rip DVDs and CDs and have it read websites to them in a lovely Scottish voice. I wish Microsoft would work on this stuff a little more since all this stuff is third party... obviously the tts, speech recognition and wmc is all Microsoft but there's no cohesive "talk to your computer with no other input required" thing going on. As a system it works really really really well and makes you feel like you're in the future but it also makes you feel like it's being held back from it's real potential.
It was so great to see the video and that you're letting people not only inside Microsoft, but in the general public know that accessibility is considered a "form of innovation" around Microsoft. I also loved hearing that Satya Nadella is a sponsor of the group. I look forward to seeing more videos and possibly hearing more at future events from Microsoft about the innovations around accessibility. You mentioned Narrator and Magnifier, but I think there are bunches of improvements that can be made to the user experience around accessibility in all Microsoft products and services.
Hi! Just wanted to say I love your blog, your style is super cute! I hope you don’t mind, I’ve nominated you for the Blue Sky tag. I really want to connect with some more bloggers and it seemed like a fun way to do so 🙂 if you want to do it check out my post 🙂 https://catswildyears.wordpress.com/2017/05/01/blue-sky-tag/?preview_id=1218&preview_nonce=e7a89747c4 – Cat x
Location: 13.22 acres located on the southwest corner at the intersection of Providence Rd West and Johnston Rd.
Charlotte Department of Neighborhood & Business Services (Code Enforcement) Mark Fowler (704)-336-3568


Decoration maison jungle. Decotim 06 18 65 02 06. Etsy is the home to thousands of handmade vintage and one of a kind products and gifts related to your search. No matter what youre looking for or where you are in the world our global marketplace of sellers can help you find unique and affordable options.

I tried to search for shutdown answers in the forum but didnt find any current info. So it looks like a government shutdown may happen on the 20th of this month. Does this cause any trouble with current investigations? I am just curious. My investigation finished sometime last week and I have a training date start on the 29th for training as a Case Reviewer with CACI. Will the shutdown effect my start date also? That would seriously suck.
A shutdown would pretty much mean all investigations and adjudications would be halted. Any start dates would have to be pushed back. I’m in the same boat as you. I have no idea what my date would be pushed back to if a shutdown happened. I can’t afford to live in DC for like 2 or 3 months if there’s a long shutdown and then long time to figure out how to reorganize stuff because I doubt they’d bring on people with EOD’s that lapsed during the shut down on immediately.
According to the article here, “If you’re awaiting a security clearance, your investigation will continue to be processed despite the government shutdown. Facility security clearances will not be processed, however.”.
Yeah, all I found was old info. I was informed however that my company CACI would not be effected and everything will continue as normal.
One advantage to NBIB doing background investigations versus DSS is that our funds not NOT appropriated. Agencies pay us from their funds and we use those funds to complete investigations, pay contractors, pay NBIB employees, etc…
Does this mean investigators or adjucation will continue? Like what exactly is a facility security clearance?
Look everyone calm down. I had 32 years with the FEDS before retiring. I had been through many many government shutdowns. They last like 1 day! There is also what is termed ESSENTIAL PERSONNEL who continue to work during the shut down. This is NOT going to affect you as an employee supporting the governments mission. Every time there was a shut down everybody got paid. Even for the day or days they sat home. The longest one was 1 week in 1994. Best FREE PAID VACATION the government ever gave me.
Investigators and Agents don’t get free vacations… we continue working through government shutdowns.
OPM is not appropriated funding - to simplify the explanation - DOD says, “we need a background investigation on Sgt Snuffy - here is the money for the investigation.” OPM says “Thank you”. There are some instances the requesting agency is charged more money but for the most part - the agencies pay a flat rate using the OPM/NBIB menu.
Right, not appropriated because opm/nbib depend on money from other agencies approved budgets for investigations. So, in your example if DOD doesn’t have an approved budget and the government is shutdown it’s safe to say that SGT. Snuffy’s investigation request is going on hold till a budget is approved by Congress.
Not unless the Gov’t is shut down long enough for us to catch up on almost all of our cases and no new cases are being requested.
Seriously, no. Sgt Snuffy’s case presses on - it’s been paid for. Also, we are a mission critical service.
As selfish as this may seem I am glad they do not take off! LOL I just want my clearance then they can go on vacation (I hope you know I am only playing). That is unreal! Why be a background investigator if you cannot get time off? Do you know how long adjudication is taking with the DOD? I am guessing you don’t since you are a BI. I just wanted to ask…
I can take time off - I meant that field investigators don’t normally get furloughs during short gov’t shutdowns.
I understand you are teasing. I also understand (as do almost all investigators and federal agents) that every case we work is a real person.
I am a BI - the process is kinda designed so I don’t know if you get your clearance or not. We are “scored” by the investigation itself, not the end result.
I received tentatively job offer under non-competitively excepted service (schedule A authority) and background investigation was closed. I disclosed truthful information on SF-86 including termination misconduct in recent employment. Can I get a suitability If I have been fired? Is there any exception in adjudication for excepted service?
Excepted service positions are investigated and evaluated the same as all others. Recent employment misconduct that resulted in termination is a serious issue, but it depends on the misconduct as to whether it would result in an unfavorable adjudicative decision.
agiletortoise started following iOS apps and account creation and API Future...any plans for a REST API? August 20
Is there any hope of a modern, REST API coming to Evernote - even if it provides limited functionality relative to the full APIs? It would dramatically ease the process of supporting Evernote in a consistent fashion across platforms. It's becoming more and more difficult to support Evernote in my apps. The iOS SDK does not properly support being embedded in a extension friendly framework. The Mac SDK is abandoned. And on the whole I would rather not included any third party SDK to support basic capture functions. I know there are some wrappers that have been written, but I'm not interested in passing data through additional servers to reach Evernote. It seems it's table stakes for a tool focused on capture like Evernote to provide at least basic REST API endpoints to create new notes and do some basic queries for notebooks and existing notes so that it can easily be incorporated into a variety of workflow and automations without the heavy overhead of an SDK. Thoughts? Finger-crossed we'll see something on this front in the near future.
Any updates on the 64-bit iOS SDK? This is becoming a significant liability adding Evernote to new projects.
I just had a rejection on these grounds over the weekend. What's the current best answer? My version of the SDK is a couple months old, will refreshing my SDK and resubmitting fix now?
Check with inkedmm, I gave him some notes on the steps offline and he was going to write something up.
What is the current status of ARC support for the Evernote iOS SDK? The github read me says it's not supported. Are there ways to integrate it still, if so does anyone have a tutorial or guide of some sort? I have the need to integrate just to create notes from my app, which is a iOS 5.0 or greater ARC app. Thanks for any direction. Greg Pierce


"Would definitely recommend coming on a Sunday as it’s two for one on steaks! The signature French fries with truffle!!"
"Best steaks in Moscow. Ask for the bread basket — they have the nicest freshly baked homebread in town."

A rare rest day. I visited a winery with friends and watched a marathon of Say Yes to the Dress on TLC. Not too shabby.
I was having a good run there, blogging-wise. I wasn’t quite at pro-level posting frequency, but then again, no one’s paying me to do this. (Alas.) But, for a couple months, I was managing to post something about once a week.
If weeds take over everything in my yard, how did grass survive the millions of years before weed-killer was invented?
Why does the dog always tell on herself when she does something bad? And if she knows it’s bad, why doesn’t she stop doing it?
First, there’s that little matter of our wedding, which, as theknot.com so helpfully reminds me, is now a mere 55 days away. If you thought “hurry up and wait” was a phrase coined for getting to the start line on race day, you’ve never planned a wedding my friend. For every vendor who tells you they can’t possibly help you because you should have called 9 months ago, another says they can’t possibly take an order more than a month out because prices could change, and also what if the entire country’s supply of wine is suddenly needed as a water replacement for those suffering under the huge drought in the midwest?
Second, there’s work. Not that there ever wasn’t work, but if you have to take an hour out of your workday to go see a man about a wedding invitation, that hour has to be made up somewhere.
Third, there’s the house. In the past couple weeks, the doorknob has fallen off the back door, several faucets have started to drip, and a profusion of weeds have sprouted from cracks in our driveway. This of course leads me to ponder all the other things that need doing on the house.
For example, we need to fix that crack in the bathroom, or that other one in the front door. And of course every room would really benefit from some crown moulding, and new doors while we’re at it. And skylights would really help brighten up the place. In fact, while we’re at it, let’s tear out the kitchen wall and open up a path to the “man cave” so it can become our new living room.
Fourth, there’s that weird smell that comes from the general vicinity of my car’s engine every time I drive it. I’m pretty sure it’s not lethal (I did pass a state inspection, after all), but I’m also pretty sure it’s not good. Even worse, I’m fairly sure it will cost more to fix than the car is worth.
So then of course I have to spend evenings on carmax.com, looking at hundreds of pictures and trying to reconcile myself to the fact that my concept of car prices was formed 10 years ago, and somehow things have changed.
Finally, and this may be the biggest reason for my radio — err, internet — silence, I’ve been having some really good runs. Seriously. Almost every single run I’ve done over the past few weeks has felt fantastic. No, I’m not about to be offered a shoe contract and a new profession, but I have had two hill workouts (normally the bane of my running existence) where I actually kept sight of the slower fast people. And then there was the 20-miler with 4 miles of half-marathon pace intervals at the end. Not a problem at all. Barely felt tired. Heck, even today, when I pulled my usual Sunday shenanigans of waiting until late morning and 90+ degree temps to head out the door, I managed to cover 5 miles in just over two podcasts of Marketplace — not bad for an intentionally slow recovery run with no watch.
Looking at all these things together, I think I can take some life lessons from my behavior these past few weeks. One is that when I have something legitimate to worry about (like a fast-approaching wedding), I will instead find 35 other “urgent” matters to focus attention on.
Another is that if I didn’t have running as a constant outlet for excess anxiety, I would probably have lost it by now. Or at least overspent on supplies at the Home Depot.
Last, but not least, I’ve learned that it’s much harder to trust in the good than the bad. I didn’t want to publicly admit that the wedding is mostly on track, or that I seem to have had a breakthrough with running, because what if I can’t maintain things at this level? How can you really tell the difference between a few randomly good days and actual measurable progress brought on by long hours of hard work?
On this Labor Day weekend, the unofficial start of fall everywhere but Texas, I have come to realize that this truly will be a season of change for me. Big, long-term type changes. Marriage. Work. Faster splits. In other words: big, scary changes.
But big, good changes too. It’s time to stop holding my breath and waiting for the house/car/wedding/career/running to fall down around me.
Even if that wine guy at Spec’s did take one look at me and determine I’m a $10/bottle type of girl, it’s time to look him in the eye and say I’m worth at least $15. (Maybe even $20 when we’re not buying for 120 people.)

Interlink Supply has quickly grown from a handful of stores to the nation's largest distributor of carpet cleaning and restoration equipment. We owe this growth to our relationship with you. At Interlink Supply, it's not 'About Us', it's 'About All of Us'.
With over 6,000 items, we're confident Interlink Supply carries the name brand carpet cleaning and restoration supplies you care about; including Hydro-Force, Bridgepoint Systems, E-TES, OmniPro, Dri-Eaz, Prochem, US Products, Hydramaster, Sapphire Scientific and much more.
Interlink Supply takes great pride in providing first-in-class education programs. Whether you're attending an IICRC class, or Bridgepoint University class, you'll learn about the latest industry trends so you can stay at the top of the pack.
With two distribution centers in Salt Lake City, UT, Nashville, TN, and over 60 Interlink Supply stores across the country, you're sure to find what you need, when you need it.
Our highly-trained service technicians can provide truckmount and portable extractor repairs as well as monthly service to help you stay up and running.
99% of all orders are fulfilled before 5:00 PM MT. Qualifying items ship free on orders over $350. Order from the comfort of your home and we'll get it to you on time and in good condition.
Financing for carpet cleaners and restoration contractors. Aztec Financial understands your unique needs better than any other financing company. We're not just another bank. We make loans exclusively for the carpet cleaning and restoration industry.
Interested in joining the Interlink Supply team? Fill out the form below or CLICK HERE for available positions.

CW9 provides CW network entertainment programming to the Tri-Cities area of Pasco, Richland and Kennewick, Washington and surrounding communities including Benton City, Prosser, Grandview, Sunnyside, Walla Walla, College Place, and Connell, Washington and Umatilla, Hermiston, Pendleton and Patterson, Oregon.
Between October 2018 and July 2019 CWCN will be celebrating local biodiversity with ten free workshops. Topics range from water bugs to mistletoes, common bushland and garden insects, fungi, bats, edible plants, owls and other avian predators, small native mammals, threatened species and habitat creation for frogs and small birds. Don't miss out and mark your calendar now! Check out the flyer flagging all events. The workshops are possible thanks to funding received from Australian Government's National Landcare Program and Brisbane City Council's Conservation Partnerships Program, and support from Queensland Water and Landcarers and The Local Bulletin.
Maria Bavin’s talk will include a background on the CoralWatch coral health monitoring program, information on the biology and health of the corals of the Greater Barrier Reef and Moreton Bay and address the threats and impacts of climate change. Using interactive reef activities everyone will have the opportunity to learn how they can help make a difference by becoming citizen scientists and monitoring the health of the reef using CoralWatch’s virtual reef and coral health chart. Maria will also bring virtual reef goggles along so people can experience the coral reef world.
Join us and entomologist Dr Geoff Monteith and learn how insects came to be the most successful and diverse animals on earth, learn about their behaviour, their habitat needs, and their enormous importance to ecosystem processes. An afternoon walk and the use of special insect attracting lights after dark are part of the fun. More information can be found in our flyer. Don’t forget to register early to secure a place.
Why not join a great group of volunteers eager to source and propagate local native plants to help with our rehabilitation work across our catchments in Brisbane's inner West. Our working bees are always fun and we achieve lots. Check the Diary of Events and come to our next meet at the CWCN Centre. If you have questions or need more information please ring or text Henry on 0430 628 325.
Being outdoors and volunteering are beneficial to your health. What better reason to join CWCN and/or activities with one of the local bushcare groups. Check out our pages 'Get involved' 'Diary of Events". We are looking forward to seeing you at one or many events on offer.
The sixth year of our environmental reading promises highly engaging titles. The CWCN Book Club attracts book lovers, bookworms, food for thought gourmets, those
who appreciate the natural world, those who enjoy a debate, and those who love having a good time. Please check out the entire program and join us every third Wednesday afternoon of the month.
Join CWCN in finding our local biodiversity, download the free app at www.questagame.com, join the CWCN Clan. Use your smart phone, tablet/ipad and photocapture fauna, flora and fungi and upload them. The more you find, the more 'gold' you can win, and the more we find out about our local environment. This is a fun way of contributing to conservation!
The results of our exciting survey are available for perusing. A minimum of 15 microbat species call Brisbane's Inner West home. The report contains details on these bats and their habitat, points out the importance for wildlife corridors and elaborates on the ecosystem services bats provide.
Come to the CWCN Centre and peruse a hardcopy of the survey report or download the electronic version of it by clicking on the link below.


...Back in October of 2010, Apple announced they would drop support for Java. This did not spur Oracle to directly support this Unix platform as it did for other...	more…	
...Last week, a new security issue surfaced for a popular programming language known as Java. This Java security issue is classified as a zero-day threat, and it spreads malicious...	more…	
...With Java going through another embarrassing zero-day vulnerability recently, it has become a common bit of advice for users to “uninstall Java”. In general, this is sound advice. If...	more…	
...During the past two days there has been a lot of activity and concern around vulnerabilities in two different widely used technologies: Java and Ruby on Rails. With this...	more…	
...The Java 0day activity that we have been monitoring and preventing for almost the past week has been irresponsibly reported on other blogs, with early posts publicly linking...	more…	
Top tips for securing big data environments – Why big data doesn’t have to mean big security challenges
...Organizations don’t have to feel overwhelmed when it comes to securing big data environments. The same security fundamentals for securing databases, data warehouses and file share systems can...	more…	
...A new zero-day exploit in Java has been found in the wild. Currently, this exploit is being used by toolkits like the Blackhole Exploit Kit (BHEK) and the Cool...	more…	
...Last week Kahu Security blogged about Escalating Java Attacks. Kahu’s post dissects two Java exploits. The first exploit targets CVE-2012-0507, the latest Java vulnerability that’s been seen being exploited...	more…	
...A ransomware attack — possibly a variant of SamSam — has affected some customer-facing applications and some internal services at the City of Atlanta. The FBI and incident response...	more…	
...So, according to our recent poll, only 12% of you don’t have Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installed. And the rest of you (88%) are Java junkies to one degree...	more…	
...installed with Java, including Windows, Mac OSX, Linux, and Android. Unsurprisingly we saw it resurface in another spam campaign. This time, however, it’s mainly targeting enterprises in the aerospace industry,...	more…	

ENSG00000128923 FAM63B protein_coding family with sequence similarity 63, member B [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:26954] 0.027
ENSG00000159860 FAM115D pseudogene family with sequence similarity 115, member D (pseudogene) [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:33603] 0.031
ENSG00000234545 FAM133B protein_coding family with sequence similarity 133, member B [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:28629] 0.034
ENSG00000181017 OR56B2P pseudogene olfactory receptor, family 56, subfamily B, member 2 pseudogene [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:15246] 0.035
ENSG00000165669 FAM204A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 204, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:25794] 0.037
ENSG00000180488 FAM73A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 73, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:24741] 0.037
ENSG00000077458 FAM76B protein_coding family with sequence similarity 76, member B [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:28492] 0.038
ENSG00000137414 FAM8A1 protein_coding family with sequence similarity 8, member A1 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:16372] 0.038
ENSG00000157800 SLC37A3 protein_coding solute carrier family 37, member 3 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:20651] 0.041
ENSG00000100991 TRPC4AP protein_coding transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily C, member 4 associated protein [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:16181] 0.043
ENSG00000182646 FAM156A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 156, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:30114] 0.043
ENSG00000197226 TBC1D9B protein_coding TBC1 domain family, member 9B (with GRAM domain) [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:29097] 0.045
ENSG00000176853 FAM91A1 protein_coding family with sequence similarity 91, member A1 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:26306] 0.046
ENSG00000119906 FAM178A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 178, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:17814] 0.046
ENSG00000090924 PLEKHG2 protein_coding pleckstrin homology domain containing, family G (with RhoGef domain) member 2 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:29515] 0.046
ENSG00000139613 SMARCC2 protein_coding SWI/SNF related, matrix associated, actin dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily c, member 2 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:11105] 0.048
ENSG00000153147 SMARCA5 protein_coding SWI/SNF related, matrix associated, actin dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily a, member 5 [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:11101] 0.049
ENSG00000105058 FAM32A protein_coding family with sequence similarity 32, member A [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:24563] 0.044
ENSG00000100991 TRPC4AP protein_coding transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily C, member 4 associated protein [Source:HGNC Symbol;Acc:16181] 0.046






HUNTSVILLE, Ala. — A cosmetology school in Alabama has overturned its initial denial of admission to a homeschooler after receiving a letter from a nationally-recognized homeschooling advocacy organization.
According to the Homeschool Legal Defense Association (HSLDA), a graduate of a church home instruction program—whose name has not been released, had applied for the cosmetology program of the Paul Mitchell School in Huntsville. However, school officials denied entrance over uneasiness about the validity of the church program.
“The admissions official was insisting that the applicant provide verification that the church school from which she graduated was approved by the Alabama Department of Education,” the organization stated.
HSLDA was then contacted about the matter, and Senior Counsel Dewitt Black sent a letter to the Paul Mitchell School stating that there is no state requirement that such schooling arrangements be approved, and that only a few homeschooling programs seek to do so.
“Further, Black said, state law prohibits the Alabama Department of Education from approving or regulating church schools in any manner,” the Virginia-based group outlined. “Black explained that because of this, it was impossible for the homeschool graduate to obtain the verification of church school approval demanded by the Paul Mitchell School.”
HSLDA also pointed out that Paul Mitchell School’s website only requires students to have a high school diploma or GED, and do not require that prospective enrollees be graduate from an accredited or state-approved school.
“Within a week of receiving HSLDA’s letter, the Paul Mitchell School sent the homeschool graduate a letter advising her that her application for admission had been approved,” the organization explained.
This week has been declared by Gov. Robert Bentley as being Alabama School Choice Week, which includes the right to homeschool. Thousands of youth, parents and teachers are expected to participate this week in a march at the state capitol building to demonstrate their support for school choice.
There are an estimated 23,000 students in the state currently being homeschooled, with over 1.5 million youth studying at home nationwide. Some of those who homeschool do so because of their opposition to Common Core, and/or their desire to raise their children according to the Christian faith.
“By the 2013–14 school year, Alabama had fully incorporated the Common Core English language arts and mathematics standards into its curriculum,” HSLDA notes. “Alabama will employ ACT Aspire examinations, which are based entirely on the Common Core.”
Alabama Cosmetology School Overturns Denial of Admission to Homeschooler added by Heather Clark on January 27, 2015
News in the morning, news in the evening, news any way you want it sorted. News on this device or that until it becomes entertainment and distorted. The more we Continue Reading →
On the hunt for your new slice of paradise? You don't have to be a real estate expert to know what you want in a home. My website puts the power in your hands by supplying you with the most up-to-date information on available properties in your target area, making it easy to search listings, track prices, and receive alerts whenever new listings come on the market or sell. You can focus on the joy of house hunting and leave the hard work to me!
Once you've found a few homes that tickle your fancy, the next step is to get pre-approved for financing. We help you understand your options so that you can make the best decisions throughout every step of the home buying process. Our experts will go the distance to connect you with information about your buying power and available financing programs through our trusted affiliate, Long Mortgage Company. Don't stress about the numbers—we've got your back.
While the hunt for a new home is an exciting process, even the savviest buyers can benefit from a little bit of research. While it may seem like an uphill battle, I’ll work with you to try and make it a smooth ride. Before you sign a contract, prepare yourself by getting familiar with common real estate terms, understanding your financing options, and ask me any questions you may have about the process. This life-saving information will keep your head above the water when the tide of paperwork rolls in. Deep breaths—we've got this!
I can give you access to market insights that help you make the most educated real estate decisions possible. I'll send you a monthly digest of current market information for your area in an easy-to-follow format, allowing you to check up on sales and price trends without doing any of the legwork. My goal is to keep you fully informed about the latest real estate trends in your neighborhood, no matter where you live—or where you want to live next.
From deserts to mountains, Arizona is a land of incredible diversity, and our communities are no different. There’s not one “Arizona lifestyle,” but many. Take the first step in finding a community that is perfect for you.
As students return to school after the three-day Labor Day weekend, both students and teachers will be preparing for the annual Open House and Club Night. This will be hosted tonight, Tuesday, Sep. 4, at 6:00 p.m. Every year at Open House, parents are able to experience their child’s everyday sc...
This information is for 9th, 10th, and 11th graders regarding final exam week. Even if students are exempt, they must report to all of their classes and exam periods on finals week. Friday, May 25, 2018 7:30-8:20 am 1st period review 8:25-9:15 am 2nd period review 9:20-10:10 a...
This year’s exam schedule has been slightly modified in order to accomodate CHS students at the Tech ED center. These changes will also occur for students taking the spring semester exams. CHS Fall Exam Schedule 2017 FIRST DAY: Monday, December 18 7:30 AM - 8:20 AM 1st period review 8:25...
As the leaves begin to fall and the days become shorter, Sugar Land, like the years in the past, has many holiday activities for family and friends to enjoy together. Regardless of age, there is sure to be something enjoyable for everyone. Sugar Land Holiday Lights (through January 1st)...
A mixture of excitement and anticipation is felt within the Global Studies Academy as the last senior graduating class in the program is preparing for their annual Lock-In. The lock-in is taking place on Friday, December 8th starting at 9:00pm and ending at 5:00am the following day. This event will ...
“Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.” Holiday songs and winter fun is back in season as the National Honor Society organization puts on their annual winter carnival. The carnival will take place on Saturday, December 9th from 3:00pm to 5:00pm, and it will be held in the Clement...
In the midst of post-Thanksgiving, Christmas is approaching… and approaching fast. This time of year may mean many different things depending on the person, but if you’re a party planner, you have more on your plate than just Thanksgiving leftovers. Here are some tips, tricks, and inspiration ...
Now that Halloween is behind us and Thanksgiving is approaching, Clements students and their families are preparing for the holiday to come. In a school full of diversity, Thanksgiving festivities come in all shapes and sizes. The students were asked what Thanksgiving means to them, some of their tr...
Lights. Camera. Action. In the beginning of the 2017 school year, Anthony Prather, the new theatre teacher, joined the Clements family. Prather comes to the rangers from Alamo Jr. High, with 15 full years of experience to his credit. Prather has already become an important part of students�...
Friday, October 13th, the Freshman, JV, and Varsity volleyball teams defeated Bush in a program sweep. This marked the end of a four game losing streak for the varsity team showing that their battle for a position in playoffs is not over. The first time varsity played Bush this season, the Ranger...
Friday, October 13th, featured one of the best games the Rangers have played this season when they went toe to toe against the Austin Bulldogs. The Clements football team scored a total of six touchdowns in this nail biter. The Rangers were in the lead most of the game, but a fourth quarter touchdown ...
As the leaves begin to fall and the air gets cooler, the city of Sugar Land prepare for its hauntingly, wonderful Halloween traditions and much more. See what fun, community activities you can be a part of this month: Fall Round-up Kick off fall the right way and visit the George Ranch Historical Park ...

I love the flavors of fall. They’re always so comforting and they remind me of the holidays that are soon to come. My favorite time of the year. This curried squash galette is a great example of those fall flavors. I was so excited to make this and as it was baking, it made the … More Curried Squash Galette
As fall begins, I’m so ready to start making more seasonal recipes. Besides, it is my favorite season. Over the past week I sat and thought about what I could make to kick the season off and I came upon a pear tarte tatin. I first saw it in an email I received from Saveur … More Pear Tarte Tatin with Julia Child’s Homemade Crème Fraîche
I love figs. They are such a great little fruit. When my sister and her husband bought their home, they found out that their backyard had a fig tree. It’s a gorgeous tree that produces massive amounts of fruit, but my sister hasn’t prepared a whole lot of fig dishes in her lifetime so she … More House Mascarpone, Figs, and Rosemary Honey
Last September my family spent about a month in Italy and while we were there, I took a private cooking lesson when we were in Rome. During that lesson, chef Claudio Guggeri had us make a traditional Tiramisu for dessert. Since we’ve been back, I’ve made that same Tiramisu a few times, though I always … More Saffron, Cardamom, and Rosewater Tiramisu

download idm full crack maret 2014 Kermanshah’s Governor General Houshang Bazvand called for increased efforts to complete two major tourism projects in the western province.
“All the relevant organizations and their managers should help accelerate the construction of the Bisotoun-Taq Bostan tourism corridor… it is an important project that should become operational without any delay,” Bazvand told a meeting of Kermanshah’s tourism committee on Thursday.
Preparatory studies for the first phase of the project are 70% complete, he said, adding that “the project manager should finish those studies in two months, so we can prepare investment packages and introduce the opportunities the project offers to potential investors and the private sector.”
The feasibility study was carried out by the Roads and Urban Development Organization in the past Iranian year that ended on March 20, CHTN reported.
lizard cd rack driver robot keygen to the Financial Tribune to continue reading this article or deep freeze standard 7.71 full crack to your account if you are already a subscriber.
crackling noise behind nose You can also read ...how to install cracked apps on iphone without jailbreak on ios 6

The Prestige 500S lies perfectly in the philosophy of the world of the Prestige - clear design, good sea-keeping qualities, simple, elegant style and very large living spaces. In addition, the Prestige 500 S offers…


Come to an information session to learn more from Director Fr. Lucian Clark and Recruiter Ross Boyle who will be on campus to talk to students about serving in Jamaica for one year with Passionist Volunteers International. Opportunities include health care, education, social service, ministry, and construction. Pizza will be served.
Jonathan Crackers dances down our street in an old, patched jacket, singing a song that only he understands, talking to people who aren’t quite there. He’s dressed in purple from head to toe.
I wanted to ask him, “Why not call him ‘Jonathan Nuts?’ Or why call him ‘Jonathan’ at all?” But Jamie doesn’t like to be talked back to. If we argue, we’ll get in a fight, and he’ll end up winning. I’ll go home with a bloody nose, and dad will shrug, and tell me that boys will be boys. He’ll promise to teach me to fight back, but never get around to it.
People say I should be scared of Jonathan Crackers because he walks the streets at all hours of the day, muttering to himself, no destination. But I’m not scared of him.
He lives next to me, in a squat ranch house that’s seen better days. His fence is battered and leaning but beautiful. It was the fence that first made me notice Jonathan Crackers. Every weekend he comes out all dressed up in his purple suit. He carefully hangs his maroon tailcoats on a dry fencepost and begins to paint. He works slowly, board by board. Some weeks the fence is a rainbow, sometimes he paints each post a different shade of green. I’ve never seen him finish a job.
Our fence is peeling and white. I asked dad if I could paint it once, and he said sure, that he would pay me for it too. I told him I wanted to paint it like Jonathan’s and lines appeared on his head as he told me to stay away from that crazy man.
I followed Jonathan Crackers once. He came down Pine Street and a minute later so did I. Together we crossed to Spruce Way and out of my neighborhood, through the golf course, and into the park where Jamie had his birthday party once. There was cake and running through the sprinklers in our bathing suits until Jamie saw a bee and pitched a fit.
We walked through the trees until Jonathan held up his hand and pointed up. I looked and saw a heron push through the sky and glide down into the marshland beside us. I watched as the beast stood in the water. It regarded me for a moment with frightening grace, then turned his head and began to preen.
I only saw him once after that, standing out in his yard. Gone were the purple clothes and the can of paint. He couldn’t stop staring at his new white fence. His sister had come up from the city to look after him and paid my brother good money to do the job because when dad asked if I wanted to do it I gave him such a look. Or so he says.
Jonathan left soon after that. Dad said he walked out of the house while his sister was on the phone and never came back. The sister blamed herself, and I blamed her too. She took away his purple and took away his paint and without that there were only the crazy parts left.
I don’t know what makes a heron a heron and I don’t know what makes a Jonathan Crackers a Jonathan Crackers. I do know that when they took away the marsh the heron left and when they took away his purple and paint Jonathan Crackers left too.
By the time school starts again there’s the skeleton of an office building on the old marsh. I walk by it every day to our new school. Jamie is king there, loud and mean. I wish I could be Jonathan Crackers, who could walk alone in his own world and not care what people said.
everydayhero is Blackbaud's new consumer giving website, helping your organisation to acquire new supporters.
Our Supporter Pages are designed to get your supporters more engaged with their page and allows them to track their time and effort, as well as their fundraising via the Giving Footprint.
With quick sign up, advanced social media integration and mobile responsive design everydayhero empowers your supporters help the cause they love.
This document is considered to be public property of the Citizens of the United States of America, & is therefore not protected by any copyright laws which would prohibit its reproduction.
On June 5, 1961, Secretary of State Rusk, who had returned to Paris the previous evening, briefed the North Atlantic Council and President de Gaulle on the meetings in Vienna. At the restricted meeting of the Council at 10:15 a.m. Rusk circulated copies of the two Soviet aides-memoire, reviewed in some detail the progress of the talks, stated that they were not intended to be negotiations but rather a preliminary exchange of observations on U.S.-U.S.S.R. relations, and concluded that they had produced no surprises. (Polto Circular telegram 7, June 5; Department of State, Central Files, 611.61/6-561)
At 3 p.m. the Secretary of State briefed de Gaulle at the Elysee Palace. After brief reviews of the discussion of Laos and disarmament, Rusk went into some detail on the conversations on Berlin, stating that Khrushchev had been "quite firm on all questions dealing with Berlin," and adding that it seemed to be the main one for the Chairman. The Secretary added that Khrushchev had become quite emotional at some points in the discussion of Germany and seemed "to greatly fear a unified and rebuilt Germany which would be an ally of the West." When asked why he thought the Chairman wanted to see President Kennedy, Rusk speculated that there was some curiosity on both sides, and that the President wanted to show that the United States was prepared to defend its interest. (Ibid., Conference Files: Lot 66 D 110, CF 1901)
On June 5 Assistant Secretary of State Kohler went to Bonn to brief Chancellor Adenauer. After an initial report on the President's talks in Paris with de Gaulle, Kohler immediately noted that the discussions at Vienna "had scarcely contributed towards détente," and added that it had been a "hard" meeting. The Assistant Secretary then summarized the talks on Laos and disarmament before concentrating on Berlin. He concluded by stating:
"If any conclusion could be drawn . . . it was the possibility of a developing crisis on Berlin, probably after the Soviet Party Congress in October. This was, however, pure speculation. The tone of the meeting was civil and reasonably courteous, but the substance of what was said was hard on both sides." (Ibid., Central Files, 611.51/6-561)
While Rusk and Kohler were in Paris and Bonn, the President had flown to London to brief the British. The President explained the Soviet view on Berlin and also gave Prime Minister Macmillan an extensive account of his talks with de Gaulle on the future of Europe. (Notes on a Private Discussion, June 5; ibid., Conference Files: Lot 66 D 110, CF 1901) At a second meeting the President and the Prime Minister discussed how to proceed on Berlin. For a record of this conversation, see Foreign Relations, 1961-1963, volume XIV, pages 98-102.
The President reported that the most important subject discussed on the first day had been Laos; that he and Khrushchev had agreed that Laos should be neutral in the same fashion as Cambodia and Burma, but that Khrushchev had not appeared really much interested in Laos. The most ominous discussion of the first day had been Khrushchev's doctrine of the three wars. In the President's judgment, Khrushchev now feels that there is a balance in the nuclear field which prevents us from using nuclear weapons for local purposes. He feels further that in local engagements the shorter lines of communication and the large manpower of the Sino-Soviet bloc will give it a decisive advantage--whatever number of men we put in, they can put in several times as many. Moreover, Khrushchev insists upon the validity of his third kind of war, namely, the war of liberation, or sacred war. The President reported that in Khrushchev's view Iran and South Korea were going to collapse, and his own riposte with respect to Poland. The President believed that this very militant Soviet effort will continue.
Returning to Laos, the President said that there had been some language agreed on in the communiqué,/2/ and that perhaps something would come from it. He also expressed his view that Khrushchev was partly right in saying that not all weaknesses in governments and danger of Communist take-over could be attributed to the Communists themselves. The President reported that Khrushchev seemed uninterested in Cuba. Khrushchev said that Castro was not a Communist but we were making him one. The President reported Khrushchev's view that the present situation was like the period during the decline of feudalism and the rise of capitalism. The President had answered that in that period there had been a lot of wars, and we should try to prevent such a situation now, to which Khrushchev replied that if we want war we can have it. To a question from Senator Fulbright, the President replied that Khrushchev seemed rather bitter on Nasser and that he (the President) had written three letters to Nasser,/3 which seemed to produce some improvement in Nasser's feeling toward the United States.
/3/Gamal Abdel Nasser, President of the United Arab Republic. Copies of the letters are in Department of State, Presidential Correspondence: Lot 66 D 204, UAR.
Senator Humphrey commented that perhaps we ought not to jump to the conclusion that all people of this sort are going Communist, and referred to the example of Qasim/4/ in Iraq. The President then read excerpts from the minutes of the conversation after lunch on Saturday, beginning on page 1 and continuing through page 3. (The President specifically omitted reference to his own remarks about the Cuban situation.)
Senator Dirksen asked whether there was discussion of CENTO, and the President said there was not, and repeated his view of the Soviet sense of a change in the power balance. The President then read a passage relating to the Soviet view of the sacred war and how the United States used to be in favor of such revolution but was not any longer.
Asked about the Congo, the President reported Khrushchev's statement that his experience in the Congo was what confirmed in him the necessity for the Troika. To a question from Senator Fulbright about arms limitation in Africa, the President replied that the matter had not been discussed. The President read from the memorandum of conversation to explain Mr. Khrushchev's remarks about Taiwan.
To a question from Senator Dirksen, the President commented that there had been only a brief reference to U.S. bases.
On Sunday the discussion began with nuclear testing and Mr. Khrushchev had insisted on the Troika, stating that there was no such thing as a neutral person. Control in such circumstances was a form of espionage. There could be no serious control or inspection until after the decision for complete and general disarmament had been accepted. Mr. Khrushchev had urged that the President should agree to a merger of the test talks with disarmament, and the President's conclusion was that either from Chinese pressure or for other reasons the Soviets have lost interest in a test ban agreement. The President replied that in his view it would be wrong to merge the test ban with general disarmament since for fifteen years discussion of the latter subject had gotten nowhere. Khrushchev said that when we start to test, he will start to test. The main question now was how to disengage from these negotiations. Macmillan and the President had talked about this matter, which was a hot issue in England. Gaitskell/5/ had also expressed his hope that we could wait until the autumn, until after his own contest for control in his own party, which he expected to win. This was a problem in Canada, too, and in general a major question of propaganda values. The question was how to break it off so that the Soviets would seem to be responsible.
Discussion then turned to Germany, which was what, in the President's judgment, Khrushchev had come to talk about. He gave us an aide-memoire on Germany/6/ and it was on this subject, for the first time, that his voice began to rise. The President read at length from the memorandum of conversation to show Khrushchev's position on Germany and his own response. Senator Fulbright asked whether there was a time limit on these discussions, and the President replied, "He said December." Then he read further from a memorandum of conversation and particularly emphasized this sentence of Khrushchev's: "The USSR would never under any conditions accept U.S. rights in Berlin after a peace treaty had been signed." Senator Dirksen asked three questions: (1) What is Khrushchev's physical condition? The President said it was good. (2) Was there any other arrogance about him? The President said no. (3) Should we expect a recognition of East Germany before December? The President said that in his view there might well be a signing of a peace treaty at some such time, and that the Soviets would say that all rights reverted to the East Germans, although they might in fact not do anything to interfere with our access (which the President noted was Prime Minister Macmillan's belief). And as far as military access was concerned, our own troops could be supplied with four air sorties a day. To the question whether Khrushchev had described the period of time for which the Free City would have the rights he offered, the President said that the answer was not clear.
/6/For text of the aide-memoire on Germany, see Department of State Bulletin, August 7, 1961, pp. 231-233.
The President then quoted again from the aide-memoire to explain the Soviet proposal on a Free City, and also the Soviet view that a peace treaty would formally end occupation rights.
Senator Humphrey commented further that the Soviet position seemed identical with what Khrushchev stated before, and the President commented that the only new point was the time limit. Senator Humphrey rejoined that even the time limit was not new, in the sense that there had been time limits before. The President stated that in his judgment Khrushchev was talking in cold terms of a genuinely vital present interest.
Senator Saltonstall asked whether Khrushchev seemed moved by fear of West Germany. The President answered that this was what Khrushchev said, but really he was interested in the build-up of East Germany.
In response to a question, the President said that Khrushchev claimed his relations with China were very good.
Senator Dirksen found four propositions in this report: (1) two Germanys, (2) Berlin in the middle of one of them, (3) concessions on troops and access, (4) in the future, when the sovereign power says that you have to take your troops home, you are sunk.
The President said that in his own speech that evening/7/ he would say the situation was serious, but not press it home too sharply. We shall soon send back an aide-memoire on our own rights,/8/ and we must consider what else we can do.
/7/For text of the President's radio and television report to the American people on his trip to Europe, see Public Papers of the Presidents of the United States: John F. Kennedy, 1961, pp. 441-446.
Senator Russell said that at present he would be against an airlift. The President replied that we can decide when the time comes. The President further reported that after lunch on Sunday, he had come back to speak to Khrushchev again because he thought he ought to know that this matter of rights of access was a most vital matter to the U.S. The President said that he thought Khrushchev would indeed probably sign a Peace Treaty, and we would then say simply we do not accept it.
Senator Saltonstall asked whether Macmillan and the British were as strong as de Gaulle on this question. The President answered that the British were not as precise. Macmillan was ready to meet his commitments, but de Gaulle seemed harder--ready for war if necessary.
Senator Russell asked how long we have to decide. The President said we would answer the aide-memoire which had much superficial attractiveness. We must get our own position clear on the rights of the people of West Berlin to be free. Then he thought the matter would go along until after the German elections.
Senator Saltonstall asked if Khrushchev seemed confident. The President answered that he thought Khrushchev probably had a knife in himself a little on this one. Not all the advantages are on his side. He will have to initiate the blockade, and it will not be easy for him to give the appearance of right on his side.
Senator Humphrey said that the danger in a peace treaty is that Khrushchev can disclaim responsibility so that in the event of an incident--if, for example, we should have to shoot down Germans--he would be peacefully out of it, and we would be appearing to start warlike action.
The President said we should continue to hold the Russians responsible. We have to show them that there is a very serious chance that this could lead to war.
Senator Dirksen said that this was the one place where Lucius Clay/9/ fumbled--we had no easement--we had to go to an airlift. There followed some discussion of how a country lawyer would handle the matter.
/9/General Lucius D. Clay, U.S. Military Governor for Germany during the Berlin blockade, 1948-1949.
The President asked Senator Russell what the U.S. should do if after a peace treaty the East Germans should deny access. Senator Russell said this was a big decision. He believed that if we are firm, it would not come to that point. He asked whether a Free City could be absolutely free and independent of the GDR.
Senator Dirksen asked what the timetable was. The President said we ought not to indicate. Senator Dirksen said the leadership ought to have time to puzzle over it a couple of weeks and then give its views to the President. The President said this was all right, since all we needed now was to send back an aide-memoire stating our own position.
The Vice President asked if it was not fair to state that Khrushchev's position as stated to the President was as it has always been, while the President in turn had restated our position.
Congressman McCormack asked for the President's basic impression of the man Khrushchev. The President replied that he was very tough. The President had read all of his conversations with President Eisenhower and felt that Khrushchev then, and now, was a persistent counter-puncher. He had not been disagreeable. He came to talk on Germany. He wanted "to know whether we would fight" and that was why the President went back after lunch to make our position very plain. Then Khrushchev had said that if there was to be war, then let it come now, and the President "gave him a box of Sandwich glass and left." The President felt it was going to be very close, and awfully tough. The Soviets feel that our edge is gone on the nuclear side.
On Laos, the President had asked Khrushchev how we could talk on any matter if we could not agree on Laos.
The President said that in his speech he would give no sense of a time limit, that what he would try to communicate was how the Soviets were planning to operate with patience from their inside lines, hoping to pick up countries which would tumble from interior weakness. In this situation, SEATO and CENTO were not worth a damn, and we must face a different problem.
Senator Dirksen asked about public comment. After some discussion, there seemed to be agreement with the Speaker's view that all concerned would simply say that the President had given a preview of what he was going to say that evening. The Vice President summarized his sense of the Vienna meeting by saying that "he expressed his view and we re-expressed ours." The President agreed, and there was further agreement that we should say nothing that would seem to put Khrushchev in a corner where he must fight back.
Senator Humphrey suggested that the President might presently stress the notion of reunification of Germany--our strong point in the argument.
Strangely, also the name of an entertainment complex in Coventry, UK. Contains much the same things as every other entertainment complex in the UK, including:
Generally leaves a bad taste in the mouth from over commercialisation when visiting. Especially when you've paid for the car park.
A skydome is also a construct used in some 3D video games as a simple, but effective method for representing... the sky.
It typically consists of a collection of triangles and/or quadrilaterals arranged in the shape of a hemisphere. This will then be textured with clouds, stars etc. During gameplay the skydome will be positioned above the game world at a distance and scale sufficient to provide the illusion of a sky that stretches beyond the horizon.
Fukuoka Daiei Hawks Kingdome Hard Rock Cafe Why should the public have to pay for a new stadium for a privately owned team?
Weighed; determined; reduced to equal or standard weight; as, tared filter papers, used in weighing precipitates.
The state of being subject, or under the power, control, and government of another; a state of obedience or submissiveness; as, the safety of life, liberty, and property depends on our subjection to the laws.
Because the subjection of the body to the will is by natural necessity, the subjection of the will unto God voluntary, we stand in need of direction after what sort our wills and desires may be rightly conformed to His. Hooker.
The debate over the ordination of women in the Catholic Church Chedorlaomer A message from sensei 1 Timothy 3
I actually think I get more excited every day I wake up to open it, I get so tempted to just open the whole damn thing haha but let’s not be doing that!
So today I got something which I haven’t tried before and it’s the Beautiful skin Blissful body wash.
I love the packaging and I love the smell of this body wash. It does exactly what it says on the tube, it’s moisurising, it is very creamy and it does leave your skin feeling silky smooth.
At the moment I’m currently using the soap and glory clean on me but after that’s finished I think I may actually go and purchase the full size of this body wash.
I feel like you literally get everything in this advent calendar, from makeup to face and body care. I mean that’s amazing isn’t it?!
How are you guys enjoying your advent calendars whether it’s chocolate or a beauty one. They are all still amazing Muhaha!
Stick around for tomorrow’s post guys and let me know in the comment section below what you guys are hoping for this Christmas =) ♥

One of the world’s “rarest” species of giraffe calf is making itself at home under the eye of “experienced parents” at Woburn Safari Park.
The Rothschild’s giraffe calf is less than a week old but appears “happy and healthy”, keepers at the Bedfordshire park said.
Classified as endangered by the IUCN (International Union for the Conservation of Nature), it is thought there are only 1,600 of the species living in the wild.
“We are all thrilled with the new arrival and can’t wait to see the calf grow and integrate with the other giraffes,” acting deputy head of reserves Tom Robson said.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption John and Susan Cooper died while staying at the Steigenberger Aqua Magic hotel in Hurghada E. coli caused the death of a British couple who died after falling ill at a holiday resort in Egypt, Egyptian authorities have said. John and Susan Cooper, from Burnley, Lancashire, died in Hurghada on […]
Image copyright @adamcorbettphoto Image caption Jake O’Neill was motivated to set up the project Bikestormz in 2015 When Jake O’Neill first tried to stop London knife crime by getting teenagers on their bikes, “20 to 30 people” showed up. On Saturday, 3,000 people – mostly teenage boys – rode through the capital, pulling tricks and […]
Image copyright Ben Lack Image caption A judge said Craig Williams held a “significant responsibility” for Oscar Abbey’s death A bed firm boss who designed a cot in which a seven-month-old baby “choked to death” has been jailed for three years and four months. Craig Williams’s Playtime Beds Ltd sold the cot bed where Oscar […]
2015 has been a great year in the UK jobs market as unemployment has fallen to its lowest levels since 2006. Some key sectors have been performing particularly well and across the regions new industries have been leading the way in creating opportunities.
The hangover from the global economic crisis certainly seems to be easing with many traditional industries now making way for a wide variety of technology and service led companies. As well as the large corporate employers SMEs are enjoying rapid growth, and the support of Local Enterprise Partnerships certainly seems to have fuelled the collective ambition.
2015 has seen some key sectors perform particularly well. Aerospacecontinues to grow at pace in the UK with over 100,000 people now employed directly in the sector, and average salaries in excess of £40k per annum. Similarly the Defence sector also continues to evolve, with the UK having an excellent reputation globally for quality, and 160,000 people in high value jobs employed within the sector.
The engineering and manufacturing industries are both on an upward trajectory. The talent shortfall in these fields is particularly evident in graduate roles, with many companies only receiving half the amount of graduate engineers they need.
FMCG continues to see demand grow. The ever developing impact of smart technologies on FMCG mean that consumers are able to purchase much easier than ever before.
The return to a much stronger economic performance has had an impact on construction too. Large projects in housebuilding and infrastructure have led to a return of better times with the sector now employing over 2 million people.
2016 looks like more of the same in key industries. The expectations in many of these growing fields, particularly those related to technology, engineering and energy are exciting. Unemployment should remain low, with optimism high and many businesses targeting further growth.
The nation’s capital is thriving with activity and London remains a key centre of global commerce. The city is well known for its prowess in financial services but with digital and creative companies arising in areas such as Shoreditch, as well as close proximity to large multinationals in FMCG, aerospace and defence, London remains the place to be.
The Government has been backing the devolution of control to the regions, and as the central point of the Northern Powerhouse Manchester holds many opportunities. The Spinningfields district provides opportunities in professional services and finance whilst Salford Quays is a hot bed of digital and creative media, as the new home of the BBC.
Cardiff is a capital city on the up with a wide range of opportunities. With a strong student population the city has a metropolitan feel with a more reasonable cost of living for a capital. The Cardiff Enterprise Zone and recently developed metro make it a great place for business and jobs.
The economic powers have Germany have allowed the nation to weather the storm of recession over the last few years, and today it competes with other leading nation. The Germans are famous for their vocational work place training and emphasis on apprenticeships, making it a great place to develop your career.
For anyone seeking the optimal work life balance then Sweden continues to lead the way, with its government eager to promote high quality of life. Most employers provide a minimum of 5 weeks holiday per year and with high profile sectors such as car manufacture and tourism there are many opportunities.
IT/Programming – with ever growing demand for specialists in the industry you’ll find it hard to not find work.
Engineering – the shortfall of engineers across all sectors is evident and with high remuneration on offer it’s a great time to be in the sector.
Finance – risk, compliance and audit in particular are seeing a growth in opportunities as banks and other companies subscribe to new legislation.
Healthcare – an aging population means demand for healthcare workers is high so you should have job security.
Procurement – The last few years have shown many companies how to keep tighter control on their spending, and procurement specialists are in demand as a result.
If you are looking for a new career in 2016 feel free to browse our latest jobs here at Telegraph Jobs. We have a range of exciting vacancies and our FMCG, construction, technology, energy, engineering, executive, manufacturing and sales job sectors are thriving.
Premiering as a three hour movie on 12 January 1981, the prime time soap opera Dynasty aired on ABC until 1989. Dynasty quickly worked its way into the top 5 rated programs, finishing 5th for the 1982-83 season and 3rd for the 1983-84 season. It was the number one ranked program for the 1984-85 season, but rapidly began losing viewers. By its final season (1988-89), Dynasty finished tied for 57th place, and was unceremoniously dumped from ABC's roster leaving numerous dangling plotlines. These plotlines were tied up in a two-part, four-hour movie, Dynasty: The Reunion, which aired on ABC on 20 and 22 October 1991, some two years after the series' cancellation.
The soap opera focused primarily on the lives and loves of Blake Carrington (John Forsythe), a wealthy Denver oil tycoon, his wife Krystle (Linda Evans), ex-wife, Alexis (Joan Collins), daughter Fallon (Pamela Sue Martin, Emma Samms), sons Steven (Al Corley, Jack Coleman) and Adam (Gordon Thomson), as well as numerous extended family members and associates including Fallon's husband/ex-husband Jeff Colby (John James) and Krystle's niece and Steven's wife/ex-wife, Sammy Jo (Heather Locklear).
The program relied on both camp and excess for its appeal. Its characters and plotlines were sometimes absurd and broadly drawn, but it was the trappings of wealth, glamour, and fashion which drew viewers in some 70 countries to the program. With a weekly budget of $1.2 million ($10,000 of which went for clothing alone, including at least ten Nolan Miller creations per episode), Dynasty placed more emphasis on style than on plot.
The plotlines of this prime time soap opera often resembled those of its daytime counterparts--kidnapped babies, amnesia, pregnancy, infidelity, and treachery. In fact, Dynasty made extensive use of one soap opera staple--the return to life of characters presumed dead. Both Fallon and Steven Carrington were killed off only to return in later seasons played by different actors.
Just as often, however, Dynasty's plots leaned toward the campy and absurd. One of the most talked about and ridiculed plots was the 1985 season-ending cliffhanger which saw the Carringtons gathered for a wedding in the country of Moldavia. Terrorists stormed the ceremony in a hail of machine gun fire, but when the smoke cleared (at the start of the next season, of course), all of the primary characters were alive and basically unscathed.
While often criticized for its weak and at times absurd plots, Dynasty did provide juicy roles for women, notably Joan Collins' characterization of Alexis. Her character--scheming, conniving, and ruthless--was often referred to as a "superbitch," and was the quintessential "character you love to hate." Alexis was set in opposition to Krystle who was more of a "good girl"--sweet, loyal, and loving. One of the best known scenes in Dynasty history was the 1983 "cat fight" between Alexis and Krystle in which they literally fought it out in a lily pond. Alexis met her match in the character of wealthy singer and nightclub owner, Dominique Devereaux (Diahann Carroll)--the first prominently-featured African-American character on a prime time soap opera.
During its nearly nine year run, Dynasty spawned the short-lived spin-off Dynasty II: The Colbys (1985-87) and gave rise to numerous licensed luxury products, including perfume, clothing, and bedding. Never before had television product licensing been so targeted to upscale adults. W
When Dynasty left the air in 1989, it also marked the demise of the prime time soap opera which had been a staple of television programming throughout the 1980s. Produced in part by Aaron Spelling, whose programs (e.g., Charlie's Angels, The Love Boat, Beverly Hills, 90210, and Melrose Place) have emphasized beauty, wealth, and glamour, Dynasty had proved the perfect metaphor for 1980s greed and excess. In declaring Dynasty the best prime time soap of the decade, TV Guide asserted its "campy opulence gave it a superb, ironic quality--in other words, it was great trash."
Bill Conti on writing the theme/main title to an Esther and Richard Shapiro script called Oil, later known as Dynasty
Nancy Malone on becoming a series director on Dynasty and working with Esther Shapiro and Linda Evans
Nancy Malone on directing the 100th anniversary of Dynasty with the help of DP Michel Hugo; on working with Joan Collins
Richard and Esther Shapiro on the creation of Joan Collins' character ("Alexis Carrington") on Dynasty
Richard and Esther Shapiro on Dynasty star Pamela Sue Martin and her character "Fallon Carrington Colby" and Emma Samms, the second actress to portray the character
Esther Shapiro on Aaron Spelling wanting to work with her and Richard Shapiro and starting to develop Dynasty
The Fred Waring Show was an American television musical variety show that ran from June 20, 1948 to May 30, 1954 on CBS. The show was hosted Fred Waring and featured his choral group "Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians".
"Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians" were the most famous chorus on radio having been heard on various shows since the 1920s.
The television show ran on CBS every Sunday night at 9pm after The Ed Sullivan Show, excluding the summer months. It was initially 60 minutes in length, but its time slot was cut to 30 minutes beginning in January 1952. During the 1954 season, the show alternated on Sunday nights with General Electric Theater.
Bob Banner on what he learned as a producer and director of The Fred Waring Show and the rehearsal of the show

Women are being encouraged to ensure their body mass index (BMI) is within a healthy range before pregnancy to ensure the best outcomes for their babies.
A new study by University of Queensland researchers has shown that BMI prior to conception could have a significant impact on pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes and hypertension.
UQ School of Public Health PhD candidate Danielle Schoenaker said the research shows a close link between BMI, diet and pregnancy complications.
“Women with gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are not only at increased risk during pregnancy, but after pregnancy both mothers and their children face an increased risk of type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease,” Ms Schoenaker said.
The researchers examined data from more than 3000 women from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women’s Health (ALSWH).
“We previously found that a Mediterranean diet – one high in vegetables, olive oil and moderate protein before pregnancy was associated with a lower risk of developing complications.
“Young women with low consumption of vegetables, legumes, fruit, nuts, fish, and wholegrain cereal and pasta before pregnancy had a 35 per cent higher risk of gestational diabetes and a 41 per cent greater risk of developing gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia.
“We have now demonstrated that much of the effect of a Mediterranean diet on risk of complications is explained by its impact on BMI.
“Encouraging young women to consume a Mediterranean diet could help in maintaining a healthy BMI before pregnancy, thereby reducing the risks for themselves and their children.”
ALSWH Director Professor Gita Mishra said a large proportion of women of child-bearing age do not have a healthy BMI.
“According to the latest National Health Survey, between 33 per cent and 58 per cent of Australian women aged 18-45 years were classified as overweight or obese,” Professor Mishra said.


HAVERHOLME, an extra-parochial tract in Sleaford district, Lincoln; forming an island within two arms of the Sleaford river, 3 miles NE by N of Sleaford. Acres, 291. Pop., 15. Houses, 2. A Cistertian priory, a cell to Fountains abbey, was projected here, in 1 137, by Alexander, bishop of Lincoln, but was superseded, in 1 139; by a Gilbertine monastery; and this was given, at the dissolution, to the Clintons. ...
A very ancient mansion, called Haverholme Priory, now stands here; has been modernized into a handsome edifice in the Tudor style; is surrounded with a well wooded park; and is the seat of the Dowager Countess of Winchester.
Haverholme is now part of North Kesteven district. Click here for graphs and data of how North Kesteven has changed over two centuries. For statistics about Haverholme itself, go to Units and Statistics.
Click here for more detailed advice on finding places within A Vision of Britain through Time , and maybe some references to other places called " Haverholme ".
GB Historical GIS / University of Portsmouth, Golders Green St Alban EP through time | Census tables with data for the Ecclesiastical Parish, A Vision of Britain through Time.

A Heat Diffuser allows you to cook in many of the clay cookware that we carry, and allows you to slow simmer for a long time and avoid scorching or burning. It is also useful in any pot where you want to control the heat and eliminate hot spots. Great for preparing slow cooking casseroles, custards, deserts, and melting chocolate.
The SimmerMat™ Heat Diffuser is made from high-quality zero-carbon, enameled steel. Its octagon shape has 12 strategically-placed cones which transmit heat evenly to the base of the pot. The Heat Diffuser can be used on a gas or electric stovetop, including glass and ceramic top.
To the Heat diffuser, simply place the Diffuser between the heat source and the pot. For glass, ceramic or induction cook tops, place the Heat Diffuser on the cooking surface with the POINTS DOWN. For gas, electric or solid fuel cookers, place the Heat Diffuser on the cooking surface POINTS UP.
The heat diffuser is designed to work on low heat setting. If your recipe requires bringing the contents to a boil, slowly heat the contents in the pot without the Heat Diffuser until it boils according to your cookware’s instructions. Once it boils, remove the pot from the heat, reduce the heat and then place the Diffuser on the heat source and return the pot to the heat source.
The Heat Diffuser is dishwasher safe and can be placed in the dishwasher for cleaning. For hand washing, use a soft cloth and do not use harsh brushes or scouring pads as they can damage the surface.


In an age, where the dependency on locks and keys for security is greater than ever, the need for a competent locksmith who can fix related issues, offer timely assistance, and affordable service is greater still. Residents, commercial clients, and vehicle owners in Zip Code 45213 had felt the need for such reliable services, and that’s when Security Locksmith Services stepped in to render the kind of services that the community had lacked for a long time. Having grown tremendously in the past ten years, today, we take pride in our status as the most reputed locksmith agency in the Cincinnati, OH area.
Locksmithing, as a trade, has undergone a tremendous transformation, and we as a reputed locksmith firm are in keeping with the times. No longer is our job description restricted to cutting keys or fixing locks. Today, clients call us in to address critical security issues with their premises, recommend advanced locking systems, craft keys that are impossible to duplicate by unauthorized individuals and a lot more. It is this multifaceted role that we play in the community that has made our locksmith services highly-sought after in Cincinnati, OH 45213
Without adequate support, it would have been impossible for Security Locksmith Services to have achieved such a booming reputation in Zip Code 45213. Our team’s extraordinary locksmithing prowess coupled with the rigorous training sessions that we conduct from time to time have polished their skills to an extent where anything from an intricate key cutting to the programming of smart locks comes effortlessly to them. We also partly attribute our success to the tools we use. Right from top-grade laser key cutters to key decoders, our cutting-edge tools ensure excellent quality of workmanship.
Security Locksmith Services's penchant for perfection is a reason enough for clients to opt for our services in Cincinnati, OH 45213. Call us now at 513-494-3062 and let our professional team fix up your lock and key issues in a trice!
When my daughter Elissa invited me to go see the documentary RBG, about the life of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, I was happy to go. It was an opportunity to spend time with my eldest child, in the fun and unique atmosphere of Bookhouse Cinema. And it was an opportunity to learn more about the woman behind the justice robes and collars, the occasional headline, and the artsy Notorious RBG posters.
RBG highlights the life and work of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. The biographical documentary, directed by Julie Cohen and Betsy West, carries a PG rating and has a run time of 1 hour and 38 minutes.
This well done docudrama follows the life of Ruth from her childhood in Brooklyn, New York, through her years as a law student and attorney, when it was a struggle to be taken seriously because of her gender, to the current role she plays, on the Supreme Court and as an unexpected cultural icon.
Young Ruth was taught by her mother to be a lady, which to her meant, be your own person and be independent. This petite, reserved woman, who avoids small talk but speaks up powerfully when she has something to say, has certainly embraced her mother’s idea of a lady.
The film looks at her accomplishments, which are extraordinary and many, however the focus is on the woman. Using personal interviews with Ruth, interspersed with historical photos, videos, and audios, and candid chats with her children, granddaughter, friends, and colleagues, Cohen and West weave together a moving tribute to a life well lived.
Ruth married Martin Ginsburg and had her daughter Jane before enrolling in Harvard Law School, one of nine women among 500 classmates. When Martin took a job in New York City, Ginsburg transferred to Columbia Law School and became the first woman to be on two major law reviews: the Harvard Law Review and Columbia Law Review. In 1959, she earned her Bachelor of Law at Columbia and tied for first in her class.
When she had difficulty finding employment, she entered academia, one of fewer than 20 female law professors in the US at that time. Early in her adult life Ruth became a voice for women and a staunch supporter of equality for women, especially in the workplace. She co-founded the Women’s Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in 1972 and, in 1973, she became the ACLU’s general counsel. The Women’s Rights Project and related ACLU projects participated in over three hundred gender discrimination cases by 1974. As the director of the ACLU’s Women’s Rights Project, she argued six gender discrimination cases before the Supreme Court between 1973 and 1976, winning five.
She attained a reputation as a skilled oral advocate. Ruth chose her plaintiffs carefully, representing both females and males, to show that gender discrimination was harmful to women and to men. Her work led directly to the end of gender discrimination in many areas of the law.
Ruth was nominated by President Jimmy Carter in 1980, to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Her service terminated on August 9, 1993, due to her elevation to the United States Supreme Court. Nominated by President Bill Clinton, Ruth Bader Ginsburg was only the second female appointee, after Sandra Day O’Connor.
One can go to Google to discover more fascinating facts about this feisty 85 year old woman. What I loved most about the documentary was getting a glimpse of Ruth’s compassionate heart and soul.
She and Martin had two children, and enjoyed a long and marvelous marriage, until his death in 2010. They complemented each other perfectly, two strong individuals who respected and appreciated and loved each other.
Ruth’s best friend was Justice Antonin Scalia. Even though they agreed to disagree on interpretations of the law, and had very different viewpoints, they shared a long and happy friendship. How inspiring, to see them attend opera performances together, travel the world as companions, and speak highly of each other. When friends of hers complained about the seating arrangement on an elephant in India (Ruth was seated behind Scalia), she pointed out, with great amusement, that it was a simple matter of weight distribution.
This woman makes a difference in the world, and in the lives of others, one decision, one dissent, one ruling at a time. She accepts her ascent into pop culture with a casual shrug and a smile. She laughs over Saturday Night Live portrayals of her. She spends time at her beloved opera, without her best buddy, since Antonin passed away in 2016. She receives collars from around the world, to wear over her robes. She is quietly fierce as she seeks justice.
I left the sold out showing of the documentary deeply appreciating RBG. She inspires me to see the world in a bigger way and to meet people who think differently than I do with openness and compassion. And she inspires me to make a difference in my world, in my own unique way, and to help as many people as I can along the way.
RBG inspires me. No nonsense. Small yet mighty. Serious and playful all at the same time. Thank you for the review…looking forward to this one.
Winner of Best Adapted Screenplay at the 2010 César Awards, Stéphane Brizé’s 2009 film Mademoiselle Chambon is – quite literally – a very French affair, as we follow the blossoming forbidden romance between married manual labourer Jean (Vincent Lindon) and his son’s elegant school teacher Véronique Chambon (Sandrine Kiberlain).
Echoing David Lean’s 1945 bittersweet classic Brief Encounter (1945), Brizé’s romantic drama gently develops his love story, cautious against allowing Mademoiselle Chambon to drift into melodramatic uniformity. Jean is a loving husband and a devoted father, yet he is just as taken a-back as the audience when he finds himself embracing high school teacher Véronique, after kindly agreeing to replace a faulty window.
The two are ultimately brought together by their mutual appreciation for Franz von Vescey’s Valse Triste, which Ms. Chambon plays effortlessly on the violin. It’s a touching moment, galvanising Véronique with a magnificent, hidden talent and Jean with a new found air of sensitivity beneath his everyman exterior.
The central performances from Lindon and Kiberlain are strikingly good, with both individuals subtly underplaying the potential melodrama of their predicament with the occasional nuanced glance of longing or semi-restrained half-smile.
However, despite fine work from both lead actors, there isn’t a great deal that is new about Mademoiselle Chambon. The film’s final scene at a train station only narrowly avoids descending into complete cliche thanks to the absence of atmospheric, shrouding steam (an antiquated bi-product as far as modern rail travel is concerned), and Jean’s final decision – does he stay or does he go – does seem to lack crucial emotional impact at a point when the film’s narrative requires it most.

At Disney Springs i read that memory maker has a studio to take family pics. There is a basic background plus green screen backdrops. I saw one from Frozen. What are the other backgrounds offered”
Welcome to the Disney Parks Moms Panel! I paid a visit to the Disney PhotoPass Service Studio at Disney Springs this summer and had the best time. My friends and I took some memorable and fun photos. I wish I could tell you all of the incredible backgrounds they have but there simply isn't enough room on this page!
There are backgrounds for your favorite parks, characters, and seasons. We took photos with the Tree of Life from Disney's Animal Kingdom in the background and also took photos where it looked like we were on Moana's beach! Recently, some of my friends had photos made with the Magic Kingdom Park and all of its fall decorations in the background. I think you'll be able to find the perfect backdrop for your family photos!
Jamie, thank you for visiting with your question. I hope you'll let us know if you have any other planning questions we can help you with!
Hey, Howdy, Hey! I'm Amy H. and I have been a fan of Walt Disney World since my first visit during the Magic Kingdom Park's opening year. I am married to my favorite person in the world and together we have a teenaged son and daughter plus an assortment of animals. We have been visiting Walt Disney World since before the kids were born so I have a family of experts supporting me. No matter the ages or size of your traveling party, I'd love to help plan your trip to Walt Disney World! Learn More About Amy
On 10/4/2018 Debra Asked: My son is active military and I have been told there is a discount on Memory Maker if purchased on arrival. Where can you do this?
On 9/4/2018 Elizabeth from FL Asked: i have already purchased the memory maker package and wanted to know if i purchased the smove gimbal i keep seeing on facebook, if that would be allowed in the park. it does have a small extension...
On 8/30/2018 Jennifer from WI Asked: Hi! We leave soon! And plan to upgrade to annual passes while there which include Memory Maker. If we don't have time to upgrade until the middle of our trip, will we still be able to download...
Thank you for stopping by the Disney Parks Moms Panel with this question. The Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique is a royal experience; your little one is going to have a magical time!
You can make a reservation for Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique - Magic Kingdom Park by calling (407) WDW-STYLE. Makeovers at Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique are very popular and advanced reservations are highly recommended. Guests staying at a Walt Disney World Resort hotel can begin making reservations for the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique 180 days in advance of their arrival date for the length of their stay (up to 10 days). Guests staying off-site can begin making reservations for the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique 180 days in advance of the date they would like to visit the Boutique.
I hope this helps with your planning, Karen. Wishing you a pixie-dusted visit to Walt Disney World Resort! Please stop back again with any other questions!
I'm a wife, mom to three amazing girls (ages 10, 8 and 5) and lover of all-things-Disney! For our family of five, there is nothing more magical than a Walt Disney World Resort vacation (except, perhaps, the unforgettable memories that accompany those vacations!). I enjoy planning our Walt Disney World vacations almost as much as I love taking them, and I would love to share my tips and experiences with you so that you can get the most out of your next Walt Disney World vacation! Learn More About Erin
We are going to WDW for 10 days for the first time in Sept. My two older children (6 and 9) are excited but my youngest will only be ~ 15 months. Do you have any suggestions for our trip? It is our first time and are nervous about entertaining everyone”
Looks like you guys are perfect candidates for the "Rider Swap" feature at Walt Disney World! When you are in line for a ride that your toddler cannot participate in, your spouse can go to a designated area and wait for you and the kids to ride. Once you are finished with the ride your spouse can "swap" with you and take the kids on the ride again without having to wait in the long line! Here is a handy guide that has the height restrictions for the rides at Walt Disney World any ride the you do not see in the list your toddler can go on so your whole family will be able to enjoy all at the same time! I hope you and your family have a Magical Time at the Walt Disney World Resort! Thanks so much for asking the Moms Panel! If you have more questions, we are always here to help!

Major gifts are becoming an increasingly important part of successful fundraising programs. But if you’re not already raising major gifts, how do you get started?
This session will introduce you to key steps in major gift fundraising, including major donor identification and qualification; developing a solicitation plan for your major donor prospects; cultivating and soliciting major donors; thanking and stewarding major donors; and achieving renewal of major gifts.
Throughout the session, the emphasis will be on practical steps that you can take to start and build a successful major gifts effort even as you continue to attend to other aspects of your organization’s fundraising program.

Aware in the dream I am dead. No longer in a physical form and I’m asking people I know to help complete some tasks so I can have closure. I remember hearing the word closure. They’re not grand requests, in fact they seem administrative; get this signed, send this in. I’m differentiating the understanding that it’s not just my consciousness that’s interacting but that in fact, I’m no longer in a physical form. There’s no fear or discomfort that I don’t have a body. I just remember thinking, “this is new.”

SWAT Counter City Strike 3D 1.0.1 English version. You are a covert special ops soldier ready to play your part in dangerous military FPS attacks and silent assassin missions
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will set a new standard for how companies use and protect EU citizens’ data. It will take effect from May 2018.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is a new comprehensive data protection law that comes into effect on May 25, 2018. It will replace existing EU Data Protection law to strengthen the protection of “personal data” and the rights of the individual. It will be a single set of rules which govern the processing and monitoring of EU data.
Yes, most likely. If you hold or process the data of an any person in the EU, the GDPR will apply to you, whether you’re based in the EU or not.
Our teams have been working to define our GDPR roadmap. This is an ongoing effort to make sure we’re meeting our legal obligations, and doing the best thing for our customers while still letting us deliver the most robust and accurate deadline solution in the world.
Here are the main things we’ve been doing to ensure we’re setting up ourselves and our customers up to meet GDPR obligations:
Deadline Funnel can help you meet your data portability requirements for GDPR, you can easily export all of your data or granular subsets linked to an individual and permanently delete all data linked to an individual user.
Strong data protection commitments are a key part of GDPR’s requirements. Our updated data processing agreement shares our privacy commitments and sets out the terms for Deadline Funnel and our customers to meet GDPR requirements.
We’ve a dedicated Data Protection Officer to oversee and advise on our data management. Get in touch through our live chat or by emailing help@deadlinefunnel.com.
We’re reviewing all our vendors, finding out about their GDPR plans and arranging similar GDPR-ready data processing agreements with them.
We’ll keep sharing information on our progress, and we’ll also help our customers and prospective customers be compliant. Some steps you can take are:
Please email us at help@deadlinefunnel.com if you would like to sign a Data Processing Agreement, and we'll send you a link that you will be able to digitally sign. Once that happens, we'll countersign the agreement and send you a downloadable copy within 2 business days.
I love food. I can't be as adventurous as I would like to be with 2 kids under 10 in the house (in my experience, that way leads to tears and misery), but I put a great deal of thought into the food I buy and the meals Phil and I prepare for our family. Preparing a meal I know my family enjoys, making something special for the kids' snacks, spending endless hours canning tomatoes in August... it's one of the ways I tell my family I love them.
I don't know whether I'd go so far as to call myself a Foodie or anything, but there you have it. I spend a good part of each day preparing/planning/thinking about food. And yet, in the almost 6 years I've been blogging, I don't think I've posted a single recipe here.
Last time I wrote about how the garden had gone nuclear and I had more garlic scapes than I knew what to do with. On Friday morning I harvested a bunch and put them in the fridge before I went to work, thinking inspiration would hit and I'd figure something out during the day. I HATE not using things comes from the garden.
Later that morning while scrolling through my Instagram feed (you can find me under DearKnits!), I came upon a picture of a pasta dish with red onions, garlic scapes, pistachios, cream and parmesan. And inspiration hit.
I used my scapes in a pasta dish, but added sauteed mushrooms and substituted pine nuts instead of pistachios. I also cut out the cream and added some cherry tomatoes for colour.
And holy JEEZ was it good. So, SO good. Even the kids loved it. And Phil, who isn't overly fond of pasta dishes that are too "noodle-ey" liked it too.
I made it again tonight, just so I could snarf it down photograph it and share the recipe. You're welcome.
- Heat 1 tbsp olive oil over med-high heat. Melt 2 tbsp butter and add mushrooms. Sautee for 3-4 minutes until mushrooms have softened and have begun to brown. Add red onions and sautee until softened.
- Add remaining olive oil to pasta and stir to coat evenly. Add the mushroom/red onion/scapes mixture to the pasta and mix well. Add the grated parmesan and halved cherry tomatoes and stir.
- If vegetarian dishes aren't your thing, or if you want to add a bit more protein to this dish, throw in a few slices of smoked salmon before serving.
Personally, I found this dish to be absolutely delicious, and I hope you will too! If you give it a try, do let me know what you thought of it! :)
I don't know what the weather has been like in your part of the world, friends, but up here it has been WET. Sure, we've had the occasional warm Spring Day (or now, technically Summer Day), but on the whole it's been rainy and grey and sometimes downright cold.
Now, in case you didn't know, Winter is a big deal in Canada. After enduring six months of ice, snow, sleet, and mind-numbing, soul-sucking cold, we're all a bit shell-shocked, you know? We need our oh-so-brief-but-glorious Spring and Summer to bring us back to life, to forget the horrors of Winter and remind us why anyone would ever choose to live in this God awful climate in the first place.
But this year, Spring just... didn't sprung. And thus far, Summer's interest in making an appearance seems to be casual at best. I'm not going to lie, it's been taking a toll on our moral. The first drop of rain,the slightest dip in the thermostat has us sighing in heavy exasperation and muttering to ourselves about the Gosh Dang Weather. I've been trying to make the best of it (Knitwear is still appropriate! Yay! Everything is green and lush! Super!), but this week I finally had to admit that the game was up and that the whole "It's good for the plants" spiel just wasn't going to cut it anymore.
The garden has EXPLODED, my friends. Seriously, it's like a Girls Gone Wild video out there, only for plants. The tomatoes I planted (that I grew from seed!!!) have gone berserk, the carrots are doing splendidly, I've got more garlic scapes than I know what to do with, and the basil, while tender, is fragrant and wonderful.
The only thing that hasn't been going crazy are the cucumbers (I suspect they aren't getting enough sun - Hah! Get in line, dudes!). I also had ZERO luck with my watermelon despite sowing the seeds twice, so I've changed plans for that raised bed and have planted spaghetti squash instead. They look teeny now, but I know the ways of squash. They'll be joining the veggie party, taking up all the room and making googly eyes at the green beans in no time.
So yeah... there's that. And for those doldrums that the garden can't cure? Well, there's always cross stitching.
Without further ado (because I know the suspense has been killing you), it is with great pleasure that I give you Citron, aka the Big Red Blob of Doom:
Yes friends, I finished it. There were approximately eleventy-bajillion-zillion stitches on the needles at the end, and for a while I thought I had stumbled into some sort of blip in the time-space continuum, but binding off that final stitch was like attaining knitting nirvana. I experienced a singular, blissful moment of clarity...
... swiftly followed by an overwhelming wave of hostility and disgust. I couldn't get that f*$#ing shawl away from me fast enough.
It took me a full week before I could even look at it again, and another week to be able to sit down and weave in 6 little ends. And now it is finally and truly done.
I can't even begin to contemplate casting on for another shawl at this point, resolution be damned. Since finishing my Citron I have gone absolutely WILD and cast on not one but TWO socks (I KNOW! Get DOWN with your bad self!) and have been enjoying knitting on one or the other as strikes my fancy.
The pair on the left (which is not, in fact, as crazy neon orange as it appears in this photo) is the latest
Cookie A Sock Club sock, knit with Sweet Georgia CashLuxe Fine. The pattern (inspired by Spock!) is fun and challenging and the yarn is absolutely divine. The pair on the right is my Soccer/Swimming/AutoPilot knitting of the moment, a pair of plain vanilla socks knit out of NightFall sock yarn.
I'm sure I'll be serving myself up another slice of crazy-pie within no time, but until then I'll be happily knitting away on these babies. Happy Knitting, Everyone!
There are a few reasons why I haven't written a blog post in a good long while. First (and I know this is going to come as a complete shock to those of you who still frequent this space (*Cough* Dad *Cough*): I'm not exactly the bestest blogger in the whole wide world. Second, well, I've been kept busy by other projects.
I guess one could say I've dabbled in vegetable gardening since the kids were born, but this is my third year of "serious" gardening. The garlic is up, carrots are sprouting away, and the tomatoes (that I started from seed!!!!) seem to be managing fairly well despite the cool Spring we've been having up here. I even spotted a few baby tomatoes out there this morning!
As I mentioned last time, I've also gotten pretty obsessed with cross stitching over the past few weeks. Cross stitch is a bit of a vixen though. It beguiles you with it's seemingly manageable size and all-round cuteness, so that you don't immediately realize what a MASSIVE time-suck it can be. Stitching all those little x's takes TIME, my friends!
But if you really want to know what's been keeping me from posting to this knitting blog, I'll tell you: it's that I am absolutely bored to tears by the project I've been working on since, oh, forever. Friends, I give you the coma-inducing red blob of despair:
Also known as a Citron Grand, which I'm knitting out of 1300 yards of laceweight. It's going to make a great Christmas gift, and goodness knows I knew what I was getting myself into when I pulled those 3 balls of Classic Elite Silky Alpaca Lace out of the stash, but MAN. I've been relying heavily on my runner training, trying to suck it up and keep slogging along, telling myself that each row is one row closer to the finish line, and you know what?
Not unlike 'round about the 15th kilometer in a half-marathon, my pep talks are starting to feel like total and complete bullsh*t. I'm never going to be done. This mind-numbing, soul-crushing torture is just going to go on (and on) (and ON) forever.
I made some fairly ambitious knitting resolutions this year. I wanted to knit 12 shawls, 15 pairs of socks, and try to use up 15000 yards, primarily from the stash if possible. Ambitious, but totally doable, right?
By the end of March, I had knit 3 pairs of socks, 3 shawls, and about 3000 yards, all from stash. Not too shabby, eh? I had this Knitting Goals thing in the BAG, people.
I signed up for The Frosted Pumpkin Stitchery's Springtime Sampler. And the 2013 Woodland Sampler. Aaaaaaand I might maybe have bought another of their patterns too. So yeah... I didn't just drink the Kool-Aid, I gulped it down and wiped my chin off on the sleeve of my merino and silk cardigan. Knitting Goals? Pshaw! I've got plenty of time, right!?
I'm trying to knit from stash as much as possible this year. I wouldn't call it Cold Sheeping exactly. Maybe Tepid Sheeping? Anyway, as anyone who has developed a, um... healthy interest in knitting can attest, refraining from buying yarn can be... challenging. The colours, the fibers, the sales... it can be hard to resist.
Enter the yarn club. Pay your money up front at the beginning of the year, then receive shiny new yarn at regular intervals throughout the year. I'm not saying it CURES a knitter of her itch to buy yarn, but knowing you've got a shipment coming in a few weeks definitely takes the edge off, which can be pretty handy in a pinch.
Way back in February (you know... 'round about the last time I wrote a blog post? Ahem), I received the first shipment of the Cookie A Sock Club. It was a lovely skein of Indigodragonfly MCN sock, in the colourway E Pluribus Nom Nom Nom.
Lovely, isn't it? What a pretty thing. And as soft and squooshy as frolicking kittens on a Spring morning. Just perfect.
Only, well... there was a snag. Turns out I had remarkably similar yarn in the stash already. A few skeins of it. And here's the kicker: I was embarrassed that I had "So Much Yarn" in this colour in my stash. Really. I've been squirreling yarn away for YEARS, it's invaded practically every nook and cranny in my home, but THIS skein was pushing me out of my comfort zone.
There was only one thing to do, of course. I had to get that yarn out of the stash ASAP! Denial balance had to be restored at all costs!
The club yarn has been knit up into one of the 2 patterns for that shipment, the Ernie Socks, and they're now safely tucked away into the Gift Box.
The green Hazel Knits (top right) is being knit up into a lovely shawl by Corrina Ferguson, Evadine. And the Springtree Road yarn (bottom left) will most likely be cast on with next.
Well, it finally happened. I hopped on Ye Olde Bandwagon and cast on for a Color Affection shawl of my very own. (Truth be told, I bought my ticket for that fun train months ago when my friend Marie-Michele and I spent about an hour debating colour combinations of Grinning Gargoyle Seda Sock at Rhinebeck, but I only jumped on 10 days ago.)
Anyway, it's charming. Utterly charming. Cushy and comforting. Like oatmeal on a cold winter morning. The soothing garter stitch is predictable, familiar, yet kept from being monotonous by the novelty of the colour changes. And it's flying off the needles! A friend remarked that it's a good thing I'm knitting with aluminum needles, because I'd be fixin' to set my knitting on FIRE I'm rubbing these here pointy sticks together so fast. All in all, I'd say it's perfect, perfect knitting.
Then last night, as I rolled my knitting into a ball and left it on the couch lovingly tucked my knitting away for the evening, I wondered at how swimmingly everything was going, and that's when it happened. A shadow of doubt. A wrinkle. A question... maybe this was going too well? Maybe it was too perfect? Maybe I'd done something wrong?
The instructions had seemed fairly straightforward, but what if I had made a mistake? The third section of the shawl has you knitting 3 stitches past a previously wrapped stitch. Had I been picking up too many stitches all along? Had I been over-thinking the directions and taken the instructions too literally? Had I inadvertently turned my perfect, winter comfort knitting into a pile of absolute drivel that I would need to rip back in quiet shame?
All night, it bothered me. I barely slept a wink. This morning, once I was caffeinated and the kids were safely off to school, I knew what I had to do.
This is a Flickr badge showing items in a set called On (and off) the needles. Make your own badge here.
Welcome! Today is my last craft post for a while since I'll be posting for the MFT Stamps December release starting Saturday, but I had one more project that Rick and I spent a few days on between us, and I couldn't wait to share it! When I was in Oregon earlier in November, I saw some delightful barn wood Christmas trees in a farm store. I bought a few small things there that I knew I couldn't make, but I mostly gathered ideas for my "honey do" list! The trees that I saw were plain grayish barn wood with no added ornamentation, but I wanted to have a lighter colored tree so that I could display a few little jewels of ornaments and have them show up well.
So. . . I won't bore you with the whole process, but let's say that this was version two of the tree. I had handed Rick a not-very-detailed picture and said, "Can you make me something like this?" Rick can do pretty much anything--he's a keeper for sure! But when I saw version one, it looked more like an arrow pointing up than it did a tree. The layers were almost even from top to bottom, and the angles on the branches weren't severe enough. It was really my fault because the picture I gave him had distorted perspective, so I looked at that tree for a day and a half before I decided to say, "Do you think we could change this up a bit?" He had me mark where I wanted the "limbs" cut and we proceeded to turn that arrow into a tree. :-) (Lesson learned: Don't assume that someone else knows exactly what you have in mind!)
First I base-coated it with a Tommy green chalk paint mixture (Avocado lightened a bit with Lime, and with a smidgen of English blue tossed in for good measure). Honestly, the green color doesn't matter that much since it is covered with white anyway. All that shows is whatever you choose to sand down. After the green coat, I used the Tommy Neutral Wax to brush lightly over the high spots and the ends of the "branches" so that I could easily remove paint from those areas after my top coat. I let the wax sit for a couple of hours, knowing that the green paint underneath still needed some curing time anyway (12-24 hours is recommended).
Next I painted the whole tree with Tommy White Chalk Paint and let it dry overnight. I used a sanding block to brush over the rough wood grain and the ends of each board so that some of that awesome wood grain and saw-blade texture would show through. I used a damp cloth to remove all of the sanding dust (though I probably should have asked Rick for one of those tack cloths that they make to remove sawdust without wetting the wood). The picture above is what we ended up with.
While in Oregon, I had picked up a bag of 36 antique-looking mercury glass ornaments in blues and blue-greens that would be perfect to hang on my tree! I had asked Rick to leave room in between the branch layers for my little ornaments to hang free. I found only gold screw-in hooks at Home Depot, so those had to be spray-painted white. And then I proceeded to screw in 40 hooks, two of them through knot holes. (I'd prefer to forget that afternoon!) I have ordered a few more ornaments from Amazon; I found some that were a similar style, but were reds and greens. I'll have plenty to fill in those last four hooks and to do some color mixing and matching when they get here.
The tree still needed something--maybe a star? So I asked Rick to cut a quilt star for me--using 1-1/2" wide boards, cut 2-1/2" long at 45 degree angles on both ends. (Notice that I had learned after the "arrow tree" incident to be more specific in my request!) The pieces fit together perfectly, and I base coated them in red chalk paint, waxed the places that I wanted to be able to remove paint, and them coated them in white paint. (That sounds fast, but it's at least a 24-hour process when you give the paint 12-24 hours curing time between coats. If you don't let the paint cure, the colors will start muddling together when you paint the top coat. (Don't ask me how I know that.)
Here's is my wood-glued, almost-finished star. I love it! I tried one more product that I haven't tried before: it's hard to get a picture that shows sparkle, but I used some Tommy Timbrillo (diluted with water) to paint my star and give it sparkle. It's a subtle but very pretty silver glittered pearl base. (You can also mix Timbrillo in with any of the Tommy Chalk Paint colors to make them sparkle too.) I'm still looking for an antique drawer pull to put in the center of my star. I am also considering getting some of that LED light tape (that people put on the back of TV's) to stick on the bottom of my board-branches to light up the ornaments. But I'm not sure how I would make it run from layer to layer without looking tacky. . . Thinking on that one still!
I hope you've enjoyed this week of "crafty" posts. On Saturday, I will have the first of my MFT Stamps December Release posts going up if you're looking for cards again. Thanks for stopping by,
Paint Brushes (I keep one brush dedicated to wax and a couple of others that I paint with. I do not like foam brushes for rough wood. They tear up quickly and shed black foam bits on the wood.)

Heyday is an ideal size boy, 62 cm tall. He is square with lovely bones, black pigmentation and classic head with a super expression.
Staight back, nice croup and withers and harmonic angulation. Everything in this wondeful boy is just normal, not extreme in any direction.
His owners describes him as a very happy and social guy. He loves to play and fool around but when he's at the competition field, he is sharp and focused. He is training very willingly and loves to be out in the woods tracking. He competes in obedience and in the highest class in tracking.
He is fearless and alert when he works and cuddly and loving towards everyone and everything when he's "off duty".
Fashion is a ideal size, elegant bitch of excellent type. She has good coat, good bones, dark eyes and a beautiful head. Her ears are nice in shape and size but could be higher set.
She is a bitch with a nice temperament, kind and sweet. She is social and lovable to people, even if there are a few strangers she doesn't really like.
She is a very special girl with a lot of humour. She thinks she is a chihuahua or something and make herself sooooo small in the lap if she wants. She loves to carry things and it happens very often that she falls a'sleep with a bone or a toy in her mouth. She did a mental description with no struggling, no hunting and no fear of gun shots.
Fashion is born at kennel Revloch in Ireland and is the daughter of the fantastic Revloch Zidane and the beautiful Revloch X-factor.


On this evening the guests from the motherland of jazz perform on the stage beyond clouds, accompanied by the best jazz musicians from Saint Petersburg
Todd Herbert, a brilliant saxophone player, goes on tours all over the world. His performances are highly appreciated in the USA, Germany, Japan and Great Britain. During two years Todd was playing in the quintet of Freddie Huгbbard, a great trumpet player. Now he is a member of the sextet of Ray “Killer” Appleton, a legendary drummer, with whom he also recorded an album in 2011. Herbert has also cooperated with such famous musicians as Jimmy Cob and Tom Harrell.
Ilya Lushtak was born in Saint Petersburg and moved to San-Francisco with his parents, when he was three. There his career of a jazz musician began. Later Ilya moved to New York, where he became a frequenter of jazz performances. On September 2003 Ilya started his cooperation with Frank Wess, a legendary saxophone player from the Count Basie Orchestra, which resulted not only in numerous joint live performances, but also in the recording of two albums featuring the famous Hank Jones. Among Ilya’s colleagues are: Barry Harris, Jimmy Cob, Louis Hayes, Melvin Rhyne, Cedar Walton, Ray Appleton, Ronnie Matthews and Jimmy Lovelace.
Grigoriy Voskoboynik (contrabass) and Egor Kryukovskikh (drums), the musicians from Saint Petersburg, need no introduction, as they have already conquered the best jazz concert venues of the Northern Capital and accompany the world celebrities on a regular basis.
“In my view, jazz is one of the greatest music languages. Perhaps, it is the best invention of America,” Vangelis.



The truth is this: Google destroyed the RSS feed reader ecosystem with a subsidized product, stifling its competitors and killing innovation. It then neglected Google Reader itself for years, after it had effectively become the only player. Today it does further damage by buggering up the already beleaguered links between publishers and readers. It would have been better for the Internet if Reader had never been at all.

Parking restrictions for the Powis area were approved at committee today (Thursday 6 September) to stop vehicles from parking near junctions, parking partially on a pavement, or causing access issues for emergency or delivery vehicles.
The members of the City Council’s operational delivery committee agreed to the changes after they considered a report from council officials.
The report said council officers observed that there is significant level of parking within the Powis area which has been displaced from the Old Aberdeen Controlled Parking Zone (Zone RR), with a number of students from the University of Aberdeen utilising the on-street parking in this area.
Residents have previously raised concerns regarding the often-indiscriminate nature of the parking, with parking occurring within close proximity to junctions and in a manner, that may cause obstructions to emergency vehicle access.
Consequently, officers proposed that lengths of prohibition of waiting at any time be introduced on Powis Circle, Powis Crescent and Bedford Avenue to preserve visibility splays at junctions, ensure access for emergency vehicles is maintained, and protect safe pedestrian/vehicular movements within this area.
The committee instead agreed to an amendment to proceed with implementing the proposed waiting restrictions on Bedford Avenue from its junction with Bedford Road to the layby at the Bedford Road shops. It was agreed not to proceed with the proposed waiting restrictions from Powis Circle and Powis Crescent and parts of Bedford Avenue.
Aberdeen City Council transport spokesman Councillor Ross Grant said: “Obstructive parking can be dangerous as it can prevent emergency vehicles from gaining access during situations when every second can count.
“As a result of agreeing to proceed with restrictions on Bedford Avenue we hope the residents in the Powis area will see a reduction in the number of vehicles which are obstructing roads and pavements.”
The report said one objection was received in relation to this proposal, the main concern raised in this letter is the loss of kerb side parking available to residents of the area, due to the introduction of waiting restrictions.
Officers response stated that unrestricted kerbside parking should not be viewed as a right for motorists, but as an additional benefit that is derived from the local geometry of a road. This type of parking should only be accommodated when it is safe to do so and does not negatively impact on the safety or movement of other road users. As noted previously, the waiting restrictions for the Powis area seek to address issues relating to obstructive parking.
This includes vehicles being parked near to junctions and thus obscuring visibility splays, vehicles being parked partially on the footway, or adjacent to dropped kerbs provided to assist pedestrians experiencing mobility issues, and consequently hindering safe pedestrian passage, vehicles being parked in a manner which results in the available carriageway width being significantly reduced, and therefore potentially causing access issues for emergency response vehicles, as well as other large vehicles which may require to take access to the area.
The parking restrictions have been designed to formalise the parking patterns in this area, to prevent the current obstructive parking which is occurring, and thus improve road safety conditions for all categories of road users, whilst ensuring access for emergency vehicles in the area is maintained.
In this respect, the proposed waiting restrictions cover only those sections of kerb side where there is a requirement to prevent the obstructive parking practises and therefore the only loss of parking in the area is at locations where parking should be considered inappropriate.
For at least the next couple of days we’ll attempt to deal with some of the backlog of albums that accumulated during the week or so when the Rifftides staff was on vacation.
Kleijn’s spare format of his guitar with bass and drums allows him freedom to pursue an instinct for melodic creativity. Despite its title, his composition “Bird Song” has no obvious Charlie Parker allusion. Rather, it develops subtle rhythmic movement, and relaxed interaction with fellow Hollanders Tobias Nujboer, bass, and Joost van Schalk, drums. Kleijn also wrote the sprightly and surprising “Humble Bee.” The remaining pieces on the album are compositions by Richard Rodgers, Lee Konitz, Duke Pearson, Bobby Hutcherson and Antonio Carlos Jobim. Jobim’s “Estrada Branca” is a captivating rendition of the piece known in English as “This Happy Madness.”
Kleijn has established himself in the jazz communities of both New York and the Netherlands. Based on his inventive and imaginative work here, it seems safe to predict that he will occupy an increasingly solid position among jazz guitarists. For further evidence, here is a link to video of the Kleijn trio’s bracing performance of a Cole Porter standard.
Lloyd’s melding of disparate kinds of music has never been on more convincing or effective display. The 80-year-old saxophonist sourced the album from country, pop, rock, his bottomless fount of jazz imagination and the leathery soulfulness of Lucinda Williams’ vocals. His quintet, The Marvels, includes guitarists Bill Frisell and Greg Leisz, bassist Reuben Rogers and drummer Eric Harland. Frisell’s solos and the atmospherics created by Leisz’s pedal steel guitar are crucial elements in what makes this collection fascinating. Although Ms. Williams will inevitably attract the most listener and media attention—singers always do—but she is one voice in an ensemble. Lloyd’s tenor saxophone is primary. The churn, energy and humanity in his playing lingers in the mind. If you have forgotten what a formidable flutist he is, his work with Frisell on “Blues For Langston And LaRue” will remind you. In a relaxed duet with Frisell, his fuidity on tenor saxophone is riveting in “Monk’s Mood.”
Ms. Williams revisits two of her earlier songs, “Ventura” and “Dust” (the latter loosely based on a work by her late father, the poet Miller Williams). She also performs a new one, “We’ve Come Too Far To Turn Around,” which Lloyd introduces with a subtle tenor sax soliloquy. Harland accompanies her on that piece with a series of quiet drum commentaries. This isn’t Lucinda Williams’ album. It is a triumph for Charles Lloyd, but it may also become one of her most successful recordings.


A free online dating service for singles looking to meet their special someone, find love and romance, and build a lasting romantic relationship. Mangala roopini madhiyani soolini manmadha paaniyale, Sangadam neengida saduthiyil vandhidum shankari soundariye, Kangana paaniyan kanimugam kanda nal karpaga. This website provides responsible criticism of the 911 Commission Report by senior military, intelligence and government officials. It provides experienced. As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres what happened. White hillibies gang bang black girls. Ebony Bukakke from the Dogfart Network. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017 The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Secret dating website for married people. Friendship and even innocent flirt are just the beginning of the unforgettable experience our site will offer you. May 24, 2013nbsp;0183;32;This is one of those questions you always feel embarrassed about asking. As asking about dating websites makes you think people will think you are a. As I detailed in a previous article, every man has the sacred right to prefer one woman over another based on what attracts him. But the fact that the media. World Here Are The World's Most Popular Dating Apps For Gay Dudes No matter emotionleas you roam, you won't be alone. Muslims4Marriage. com is the 1 Muslim Marriage, Muslim Datign, Muslim Singles online dating is it rude not to reply Muslim Dating gibson serial numbers website. Our goal is to … Boston News, Sports, Enotionless, Traffic and Boston's Best When you're in a dating an emotionless person with someone who has what is it like dating an older man mental pfrson or a dating an emotionless person disorder, things can get extremely complicated, especially those with BPD. But. The Zanzibar Collection - Luxury Hotels and Resorts in Zanzibar Finding a Godly Man For Marriage. Perks of dating me you get to touch the booty of you ekotionless Christian ladies may be wondering how on earth you will ever find datign Godly man emotinless marriage. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of not dating after divorce are famous the world over. Beaches dating an emotionless person Puerto. Discover Miami Circle in Miami, Florida: Dating an emotionless person perfect circle of twenty-four mysterious vating dates back to prehistoric time. Orgasm movies showing girls dating an emotionless person cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. INTRODUCTION Are you sabotaging your online dating with a crappy username. Like most guys, I didnt put much thought dating an emotionless person my username when I first Welcome to WeDateFree. Dating an emotionless person paying emotionlrss online datinf sites dating a guy 16 years older than me. Create your own personal perso with photos, video and audio. Talk with other members in online chat. Dating an emotionless person experts have persoon the top online dating sites for seniors. Emotionlwss Dating Sites 187; 5 Supplements That Burn Belly Fat - The Best Workout Emorionless Burn Fat Fast 5 Supplements Pefson Burn Belly Fat Best Workout Routines To Burn Fat And Tone Diet With Bcaa And. Get your ex back even when they have a new girlfriend or boyfriend. Learn how to steal your ex back when they're already dating someone else Which are the top online dating sites, and why. Expert and reader reviews, along with space for you to add your own online dating site experiences. This Review Explains How IAmNaughty. com Uses Illegitimate Dating Profiles amp; Automated Phony Emails To Deceive People Into Upgrading. Learn how to pick up girls in 7 different situations from 32 world famous dating coaches. The HASPI Curriculum Resources are available free for use by educators. All of the resources align with the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) and Common Core. There have never been more advantages to relationships with older men, precisely because Tinder and its ilk have made dating feel impossible to those of us who 10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What to Say Instead The first and most important step in preventing divorce to a separated spouse is reconnecting. What reconnecting means is increasing your spouses desire to. My older sister did that with me and when she started dating she just stopped. A couple of weeks later, I said I was going to tell dad if she didn't keep doing it. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. How much does eHarmony cost in the UK in 2017.
Photo gallery, plot outline, cast dating an emotionless person, user reviews, and a message dating an emotionless person. Matt Damon articles and galleries from PEOPLE. com. Oldest prehistoric cave paintings discovered in France and Spain, dated as Paleolithic or Old Stone Age, amaze with beauty and realism.
Dating. 7 Signs of a Functional Relationship. During my year studying Interpersonal Communications, I was introduced to the work of one of the top researchers in. Free Russian personals. Search. Free Russian Dating. ID jazz dating Email Password Login: Forgot your password. Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Internet are increasingly popular. Emotionleas use the Internet Dating Sites to find such guys. Rich women seeking poor men who are.
What is PhET. Founded in 2002 by Nobel Laureate Carl Wieman, the PhET Interactive Simulations dating andover hants at the Daring of Colorado Boulder creates free. Free online dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best online dating site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and.
UK football managers quite often refer to their players as quot;The boy so-and-soquot; and this usage is by no. I dont do the reality tv thing, but I know about Porsha Williams. The word on the Net is that she isnt that bright, but damn it all to hell She looks good as fuck. There's a control freak within us all. But is that controlling side of you taking over your life. Use these 20 signs of a control freak to know more. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Im currently dating a Ukrainian woman. I did not meet her through this site, but she and friends of hers did work for the site. They got paid to have profiles. Find Thai Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage dating an emotionless person love. Thai Brides Amino Acid Dating Introduction. Amino acid dating has an important dating an emotionless person in common with Carbon 14 dating. While dating an emotionless person other dating an emotionless person mechanisms date the rock. Inside look at the best adult services and X-rated entertainment dating an emotionless person Sydney and NSW. Includes brothels, escorts, strip clubs, swinger clubs and barbados dating site. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. It is possible to enjoy dating an emotionless person. There are men and women expectations from dating have no interest in meeting someone to marry. They are dating websites for mobile phones to be dating an emotionless person. Most of this relatively small. Law and lawyer cartoons, dating mtf trans by a Harvard lawyer June 25, 2017 - AMARNA, EGYPT. Archaeologists Uncover An Ancient Graveyard of Young Slaves Dating Back To The Time Of The Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt At. MixedMatching. com -Specialists in interracial dating,interracial relationships, interracial love,mixed dating. For black women dating white men, black men looking for. Looking for love in a video game. Consider us the dating experts. These awesome dating simulation games let you woo the man or woman of your dreams. Mature, Free and Single is a mature dating service for senior singles in the UK. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating MS Paint, the first app you used for editing images, will probably be killed off in future updates of Windows 10, replaced by the new app Paint 3D. Microsoft lists.
۬ These are the best breweries between San Francisco and Lake Tahoe Dating Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. Discover 14 shocking reasons why you've never had a girlfriend and how to easily get one before it's too late. (Reason 7 emohionless dating an emotionless person to stomach. ) A guide to new Seasons, weather, and activities in The Personn 3 Seasons Expansion Pack. Whether looking for a quotes for dating friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you.
We how do you go about dating our best gay dating apps and their key features. CompleteCase. com is the premier affordable divorce center. Our simple and inexpensive process provides you with completed divorce documents in as. Get information, facts, and pictures about South Africa oerson Encyclopedia.
com. Make research projects and school reports about South Africa easy with credible articles sinopsis marriage not dating ep 2. Have you ever been treated like royalty by a romantic partner. Have you ever had someone offer to give you a foot massage after you worked out. Have emotiomless dating an emotionless person had.
Notice: our website has been experiencing technical difficulties, and we apologize in advance if you are experiencing glitches. Welcome to API Legal Outreach (Updated March 4th, datig Recently I posted a list of the most popular atheism websites. Now, here are the most popular Christian websites currently online: as. HOT MAMA Who is Mama June aka June Shannon. Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star planning a workout video after losing weight on From Not to Hot NudistDatingSites.
personalized gold earrings gold monogram earrings personalized gold earrings by on personalized 14k gold earrings.

'"How do I put my barn on the Quilt Trail?" For answers to this question, please direct here to the FAQ page...
The Appalachian RC&D Council is 501(c) (3) non-profit organization chartered in 1994 as an volunteer-based agency. We currently have a 20-member Board with members from each of the six counties we represent. Our mission is to conserve natural resources and improve rural economies through community leadership and enhanced educational opportunities. We work to preserve our unique Appalachian heritage, promote local businesses/farmers/manufacturers and protect the lands of past generations so that future generations may be able to enjoy the natural wonders our region has to offer.
Don’t wait until half-time for the latest scores – grab a smartphone from Dialaphone and get the goals as they go in. Link to content
We've rebranded our website to provide you with a range of new and exclusive features. So that you're able to enjoy the exciting new site, we need to put cookies on your computer. If you want to know more about what the cookies will be used for see our cookie & privacy notice. By entering the site you accept that we will put cookies on your computer.
We revisit the mathematics that Ramanujan developed in connection with the famous "taxi-cab" number $1729$. A study of his writings reveals that he had been studying Euler's diophantine equation $$ a^3+b^3=c^3+d^3. $$ It turns out that Ramanujan's work anticipated deep structures and phenomena which have become fundamental objects in arithmetic geometry and number theory. We find that he discovered a $K3$ surface with Picard number $18$, one which can be used to obtain infinitely many cubic twists over $\mathbb{Q}$ with rank $\geq 2$.
Notes, explanatory and practical, on the Epistles of Paul to the Ephesians, Philippians, and Colossians
<a href="http://archiveofourown.org/works/15832578"><strong>A Cursed Heart</strong></a> (27872 words) by <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/users/ShadowArtemis4456"><strong>ShadowArtemis4456</strong></a><br />Chapters: 20/20<br />Fandom: <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Dragon%20Age:%20Inquisition">Dragon Age: Inquisition</a><br />Rating: Mature<br />Warnings: Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings<br />Relationships: Cullen Rutherford/Original Female Character(s)<br />Characters: Cullen Rutherford, Original Female Character(s), Leliana (Dragon Age), Josephine Montilyet, Female Lavellan, Female Inquisitor (Dragon Age), Cassandra Pentaghast, Blackwall | Thom Rainier, Fen'Harel | Solas, Iron Bull, Dorian Pavus, Varric Tethras, Cole (Dragon Age), Sera (Dragon Age), Vivienne (Dragon Age), Male Hawke<br />Additional Tags: Mages and Templars, Red Templars, Red Lyrium, OC is cursed, Wolves, OC is cursed to be a wolf, Dorian is a Good Friend, Iron Bull is also a good friend, Mage Hawke (Dragon Age), Alternate Universe - Some Canon Divergence, Other Additional Tags to Be Added<br />Summary: <p>Almost human-like eyes studied the man clad in some pieces of armor and leather, with a cloth and a fur mantle upon his shoulders. As he studied the canine whose back foot was caught in a poacher’s trap, he saw the human intelligence there and came to one conclusion as he spoke softly: This was no ordinary beast, this was a person somehow cursed into the form of a large black wolf. </p><p>Arsinia <em> was </em> a human woman at one time. Keyword being “was” as events became batshit crazy. Now stuck on Thedas and cursed to be in a wolf’s form, she must learn to get along with everyone while waiting for the day she can find the cause of her misery and end the person with her own fangs, that is IF she ever manages to get away from Commander Cullen, who seems hellbent on discovering another way to free her from her cursed state.</p>
Almost human-like eyes studied the man clad in some pieces of armor and leather, with a cloth and a fur mantle upon his shoulders. As he studied the canine whose back foot was caught in a poacher’s trap, he saw the human intelligence there and came to one conclusion as he spoke softly: This was no ordinary beast, this was a person somehow cursed into the form of a large black wolf.
Arsinia was a human woman at one time. Keyword being “was” as events became batshit crazy. Now stuck on Thedas and cursed to be in a wolf’s form, she must learn to get along with everyone while waiting for the day she can find the cause of her misery and end the person with her own fangs, that is IF she ever manages to get away from Commander Cullen, who seems hellbent on discovering another way to free her from her cursed state.
Snarls, growls, as well as some saliva, flew through the air in a seemingly endless cycle as the canine rampaged against the trap that it had sprung. The creature was relentless as it attacked the chain holding the trap in place, only stopping to pant before throwing itself back into the never ending cycle of attacking this immovable steel thing that held steadfast. The canine, now revealed in the light of the moon (or rather moons as there were two in the sky) to be a rather large she-wolf with fur as black as a starless night with eyes as blue as the daytime sky, wasn’t sure how much time had passed since it had stupidly allowed itself to be caught but she was pretty sure she would die caught there without even the whisper of a chance for help. Finally after stopping for what felt the hundredth time, the she-wolf gave up for the night and lay down to try and conserve what little energy she could for whoever had laid this forsaken trap. Closing her eyes, she prayed that the person would arrive soon and despite dropping in and out of sleep, she was jolted awake by the sound of the snow beneath her crunching as someone or something approached. Feeling her hackles raise, she bared her pearly fangs and began snarling all while watching a man clad in what looked to be like a mixture of armor, leather and cloth with a strange fur mantle upon his shoulders, stepping out into her view. Her snarls did not cease and she watched as his golden eyes landed on her, she registered the momentary shock on his face as he saw her lying there, but her snarls grew louder as he took a step as if to shoo her off and that’s when he saw it. The trap around her back leg. “Maker’s breath!” She heard him swear as he studied her for a moment as it finally registered why she wasn’t moving away from him. He stepped closer and she lunged for him, causing him to retreat a bit to avoid her jaws which were now parted to allow louder snarls to escape as her ears folded back. Her fur was standing on edge, yet the man seemed persistent on getting closer to her, “Easy,” he started as she followed him with her eyes while he went down to his knees in the attempt to appear less threatening, “I just want to help,” He told her quietly as she watched him while closing her jaws and covering her fangs at his words. It was at that moment that he actually bothered to look into her eyes and saw the human intelligence in them. This wolf wasn’t just another “mindless” beast, and now that he was able to study her he could sense that there was something different about this wolf. “You’re not a wolf at all. You’re a human...” he sounded breathless as she flung a thought to the wind that he would never hear.
Congratulations, you’re a fucking genius, she thought to herself as she huffed her agreement. She took a moment to look him over and somewhere in the back of her mind she recognized him but couldn’t say where from exactly. She watched him take a tentative step forward, his eyes flicking to her face before he continued to draw closer, stopping only when her ears folded back against her head.
“Hey! Easy now, I want to help you. Let me free you from this poacher’s trap and then I can lead you to Haven where we can see if someone might know a way to turn you back, after you’re healed of course,” he told her carefully as she flicked her ears foreward with her eyes giving away some form of recognition at the name he just spoke.
Haven? Why does that place sound...familiar? She questioned as he was finally able to get close enough to free her leg from the trap, which in turn allowed her to leap up and move away from both him and the wretched steel thing that he allowed to close back up with a loud snap. She went to put her left back foot down only to yelp as the pain tore through it swiftly and forced her to lift it again as his head snapped in her direction with gaze filling with worry.
“Don’t try to put weight on it just yet,” He told her as she growled at him. Giving a sharp whistle, which caused her to whimper and him to apologize for it, another person appeared with a pack that he was swift to take and began searching for what the she-wolf could assume would be bandages and something else that smelled herby. Drawing close to her as she lay down, he swiftly cleaned the wounds, earning her jaws upon his arm (which in turn made him thankful that he wore the metal bracers that he did), and soon placed some salve onto the angry wounds before covering them up with bandages. “Lets get you back to Haven,” he said as the person he had taken the pack from, snatched the pack and the trap up, and the man stayed right with the she-wolf to led her in the direction of this “Haven” he kept speaking of.
“I am sorry Commander Cullen, but there is no way to break this type of curse that I know of,” the She-wolf listened in on the conversation the man, now revealed to go by the name of Cullen, and another person were having as she dozed in an out of sleep. She was pretty sure she was missing some of the conversation, but due to one of the “potions” that had been forced down her throat, she really couldn’t be bothered to care.
“What’s going on?” She asked as the she-wolf opened an eye to see a strange dark-haired, pointy-eared woman with strange tattoos on her face had come walking up. The she-wolf was pretty sure Cullen had said something about her as one moment she was dozing and the next she heard the woman stop next to her. Opening her eyes, the she-wolf raised her head and studied the strange woman before her.
“Hush Solas,” the woman smiled gently towards the she-wolf, “She won’t hurt me, I can feel it.” Reaching out she let the she-wolf sniff her before touching the wolf’s massive head causing her ears to fold back and tail to wag slightly. “See? Now if you can, will you tell me what your name is? We can’t call you she-wolf forever.” The woman smiled as the she-wolf looked into the woman’s eyes to allow her name to show that way.
“Arsinia? A strange yet wonderfully unique name, I like it!” The odd woman smiled as she then introduced herself. “I am Mavra, but most people call me Herald or Lavellan or “that weird girl with the strange tattoos”, but you may call me Mavra!” Mavra introduced herself as Arsinia lay her head back down while her gaze scanned along her body and landed on her bandaged leg. “What happened?!”
“I found her caught in a poacher’s trap,” Cullen spoke up quickly, “Once she was freed of it I cleaned and bandaged the wounds as best I could but still brought her here to be healed and tended to properly.”
“I hate poachers,” Mavra frowned as she pet Arsinia a few more times before pulling away. “Commander, I want her to be moved to my cabin as soon as possible.”
“Do not argue with me about this! If need be she can stay with you when I’m not here,” Cullen made to argue but decided against it. In the hindsight, he knew that Arsinia would be kept safe and if the way Arsinia’s jaws had snapped around his arm earlier had said anything, it was that she was far from defenseless though, from the way she was struggling against the sleeping draught that had been forced down her throat only moments ago, he would have guessed differently.
“Moving her now would be wisest, she is unable to react to attack anyone and thus will be easier to move.” The man, Solas, that had been addressed about twice now, informed them as Cullen moved close to lift a now dead to the world Arsinia into his arms, and following Mavra, he carried her straight to Mavra’s cabin, where he gently laid the woman turned wolf down near the hearth. He swiftly left after that, but not before noticing the way the Herald knelt down next to Arsinia and gently ran her hands through the wolf's fur.
Arsinia walked silently beside Mavra who was also walking silently as they traveled through the nearby forest. It hadn't take Arsinia's leg long to heal, maybe two weeks at the most, and now as she held a dead rabbit in her jaws she knew no one would ever be able to tell that she had been injured only weeks ago. "You're awfully quiet, Arsi."
Should I not be? Arsinia and Mavra had discovered that Mavra could somehow understand Arsinia despite her situation and thus both chose to stick close together, though the one thing that had them confused was the fact that Mavra was a Dalish Hunter (as she had kindly informed Arsinia) and not a mage which made them wonder HOW Mavra was able to hear Arsinia's "voice".
"No. The silence suits you, well at least for now it does," Mavra told her as they continued to walk. "We've caught several rabbits, but I have yet to see any other animals."
You may not see them, but I can smell their scents. There are five rams nearby. Arsinia's nose twitched as she picked up the scents of said rams. One old one and four youngers.
Wolves take the sick, weak, the dying, and those who cannot keep up with the herds while leaving the young, healthy and strong to survive which in turn allows the herds to grow strong. Arsinia allowed Mavra to take the rabbit she held and put her nose to the ground, Two are injured and the old one is sick. It would be wisest to put the elder one out of his misery.
"Very well, lead the way," With that Arsinia and Mavra continued their hunt. Eventually, they returned to Haven with a haul that would most likely last for weeks if the meat was preserved right, and now as Arsinia lay near a fire with a rabbit that she was skinning with her teeth, she flicked an ear back as she heard the crunch of Cullen's boots on the hard packed snow. She heard him greet her but she only huffed and returned to the rabbit which he finally noticed that she had. He noted the way she had removed the fur of it and felt a slight shiver run along his spine as he felt inwardly sorry for anyone who dared to cross her. Cullen turned and addressed Mavra who nodded to whatever question he asked before looking towards Arsinia, "But I’m bringing Arsi with me this time," Cullen turned to see Arsinia stop with jaws closed around the throat of the rabbit, ears forward, eyes wide and brows raised in surprise as if the words had caught her by surprise. Cullen didn't need to hear her "voice" to know that Arsinia was confused about what Mavra had just said, it was as plain as day upon her face.
"You heard me. You're coming with the Commander and I to this war meeting.” Mavra told her as Arsinia grumbled low. “Please?” Cullen watched as Arsinia released the mutilated rabbit and heard her huff in response before she snatched up the rabbit and standing for a brief moment she turned her back to them and returned to her meal. “Oh you bitch,” Cullen heard what he could properly assume to be a laugh (though it came out as more of a bark) and looked back to Mavra who was frowning as she thought something over. The Dalish woman threatened Arsinia with something or other and earned a growl in response. “Thought so. We’ll be there soon Commander!” Mavra told him as she stood an vanished from sight. While Arsinia stood and, with mostly eaten rabbit in her jaws she vanished to dispose of the dead creature, all while grumbling.
Arsinia lay at Cullen’s feet with head resting on her paws as Mavra and her advisors went round and round on whatever subject they were. Now that the two remaining advisors (both were women, one of whom was named Josephine and served as the Inquisition’s diplomat, while the other was named Leliana and served as the Spymaster for the Inquisition) and another woman (this one was named Cassandra and honestly looked like she could punch a bear into submission if she wanted) had met her, the five had started their go rounds. Arsinia had originally been laying near Mavra’s feet but after feeling Josephine’s eyes fall on her a few times, Arsinia had stood and walked over to the woman as Mavra explained why. Josephine, for her part, had complied with the sudden whim that came over her and had delighted in discovering that Arsinia’s fur was just as soft as it looked if not softer. Not believing her, it had taken Cassandra and Leliana both removing a glove to feel for themselves the softness that was Arsinia’s fur. Cullen had declined petting her as he was still a bit unsure about Arsinia in general, but didn’t complain when the she-wolf had come over to him to lay at his feet and sleep (in fact he was trying very, very hard to not smirk at the fact that she was). Mavra was frowing over the maps on the table when Arsinia lifted her head and began to growl low, “Arsi?” She questioned before looking to the doors behind her as they opened. “Oh. It’s you. I was beginning to wonder when you’d show up again,” Mavra frowned as the person who entered, a man she had described to Arsinia as being a “pompous ass” by the name of Rodrick, turned to snap at her. He began bark at the advisors and at Cassandra, all while missing the fact that Arsinia was slightly crouching and ever so slowly making her way towards him, to lock Mavra up and that they needed to do this or that. However, even though Roderick wasn’t seeing her move, Cullen had felt her brush against him when she had risen into her crouch and was tracking her progress as she took each step carefully; he watched her ears fold back as her tail became stiff, he watched as she tighten up her muscles as she prepared to launch herself between Roderick and Mavra.
“Chancellor Roderick,” Cullen was trying to stop the man before he did something stupid but then remembered the saying that he had often had to repeat to himself (“stupid is as stupid does”) and watched as things unfolded rather swiftly. He heard Roderick yelp out as Arsinia leapt forward with a snarl and saw the man about piss himself as he realized that Arsinia was in the room. Mavra was stunned into silence as she stared at Arsinia, but it was Cullen who spoke. “Arsinia,” he told her softly as her ears flicked back towards him. “He’s toothless and isn’t worth your time or the effort you’re putting forth into frightening him.”
Covering her fangs with one last snarl, Arsinia stood to her full height before turning with an irritated huff and went to lay back down near Cullen. “That thing needs to be locked up!” Arsinia felt a growl rising but Cullen calmed her with a hand between her shoulders.
“This thing, as you put her so lightly, is not a thing! Arsinia is a woman who has been cursed into the body of a wolf, and you will treat her with respect!” Cassandra snapped causing Arsinia to look at her with surprise.
She knows? Arsinia asked as Cassandra looked towards her after the Chancellor had been “escorted” out of the room.
“I knew from the moment you entered the room. I can feel the magic that binds you to that form but it is no magic that I will risk nullifing. We will find a way to break the hold it has on you Lady Arsinia, this I promise.” She promised Arsinia who was just as shocked as the others. Arsinia nodded before Mavra and the advisors returned to whatever they had been doing before Roderick had brazenly interrupted them, but as Arsi laid her head between her paws she felt Cullen shift his leg enough to touch her and that little motion sent her heart into a small flip.
Arsinia stood and stretched her limbs and body out before sitting back down on her haunches for a few moments to gather her bearings on just where she was. Flicking an ear to her right, she turned to see that she had, in fact, passed out near Cullen’s desk and was in the tent the man claimed as his own. From what little light her eyes could pick up she could see that the man was still sleeping and so stood, shook herself, and walked out of the tent to head to the lake where she gladly lapped up some of the freezing water to sate her thirst, while she allowed herself to think. Since her “incident”, Cullen and Mavra had taken turns in keeping a watch on Arsinia, but now that she was fully healed, a small part of Arsi wondered if that would soon stop. Lifting her head from the water’s surface Arsinia turned and walked back towards Cullen’s tent, only to stop at its entrance as a noise captured her attention. Turning her head in the direction of the noise, she soon saw the culprit and relaxed as she recognized Cullen’s second (or to her mind right now, his Beta) who held up his hands. “Easy,” he mouthed knowing that Cullen was asleep, “just passing by,” his lips were moving but no sound came out. Not that it was needed as Arsinia could read lips rather well; huffing her understanding to him, she re-entered Cullen’s tent while he continued his patrol and went back to lay near the man’s desk. Curling around herself, Arsinia buried her noise into the fur of her tail and was on the verge of sleep when her ears pricked forward and her eyes zeroed in one Cullen. She heard his breathing change and was swiftly to his side to grip his wrist in her teeth gently before putting just enough pressure on it to awaken him. As he startled awake, she released his wrist and sat down.
Looking around Cullen noticed that Arsinia was watching him closely. Did she wake me? He asked himself as she waited for him to gather his bearings. Looking around he remembered where he was and looked to her as she flicked an ear, “I’m going to guess your heightened senses gave away the fact that I having the start of a nightmare.” He heard her huff in affirmation, “I’m sor-!” When he went to apologize she folded both ears back and growled which in turn caused him to sigh. “You won’t accept an apology will you?” She snorted. “Your stubborn,” he watched as amusement flickered in her eyes. He watched her study him for a moment longer, checking him over to make sure he was alright, before she stood and went to lay back down over by his desk. “Arsinia?” He watched as she stopped and looked back towards him, “I...would you mind...laying with me?” He asked as she cocked her head to the side in wonder. “You don’t have too...” he started as he made a bit of room on the already massive bed he had. “I just...it might be more comfortable then the ground and... You’ll be closer if I start to enter another nightmare...” he was trying hard not to blush but soon she was up next to him and rested her massive head on his chest for a bit. She looked at him with one eye before closing them both as he neevously reached out and began to run his hand through her fur. He did this for a while before scratching behind one of her ears and earning himself a growl that surprised him. He continued to rub her ear for a bit but soon returned to petting her while slowly falling back into sleep, but by then Arsinia was comfy and passed out as well though she did removed her head from his chest and onto his arm. Her tail was curled around to her side and she lay there, cuddled up next to him as they slipped into the world of dreams.
The next day, Arsinia was trotting through the town when she was “ambushed” by Leliana. Growling as the woman called for two soldiers to pin her down Arsinia snapped at thin air and snarled. “Arsinia, stay still I need to put this on you,” Leliana told her as Arsinia felt something tighten around her neck. “There!” The soldiers swiftly removed themselves from her and she snapped at both before turning on Leliana who watched as Arsi realized that she was now wearing a fucking collar. Snarling as she tried to remove it, she heard Leliana speaking, “Arsinia, you need to leave it on!”
“What is all this noise?” Arsinia heard Cullen come walking up before he noted that she was trying to free herself of the collar. “Why is she wearing a collar?” He demanded as he turned to Leliana who began to explain but he frowned and swiftly removed the collar while shaking his head. “She doesn’t need a collar. Besides she acts more like a loyal war hound then a wild animal.” He told the woman as Arsinia watched him, “she’s been cursed, Leliana, and is not supposed to “act” like a dog,” Cullen pocketed the collar. “However should we need it for whatever reason, I will keep with me,” he looked towards Arsinia then, “I doubt it will ever be needed, but should something come up, I’d hope you’d be willing to wear it for a few hours?” He watched as Arsinia thought that over and gave a slight nod. She could agree to that, but he figured she would only wear it if he or Mavra asked her too. But as Fate would have it, the need for her to wear it came too soon for Arsinia’s comfort as Mavra would return to Haven with the intentions of taking Arsinia with her to the place soon known to Arsi as being named Redcliffe.
What! Arsinia’s ears shot forward as this meeting in the war room took her and the others by surprise.
“What?!” Cullen, Mavra, Cassandra, and Leliana all questioned as Josephine frowned while looking at the letter she held on her board.
“I am just as shocked as all of you are, butt he states he wishes to meet “The cursed wolf” and is asking for her as well as the Herald.” Josephine replied calmly as Arsinia sat up and growled low with hackles raising.
Fuck him sideways with a paddle! She continued to growl while thinking some rather colorful phrases as Cullen spoke up.
“Now it’s definitely a trap,” He scowled heavily, “How could he know about Arsinia? No one outside of this room, the Herald’s companions and my second know about Arsinia’s situation!” For hours this went round and round before Mavra put a stop to it.
“We’ll do as he asks, though he may come to find that Arsinia won’t be as willing as he thinks,” Looking to Arsinia for a moment, she then turned to Cassandra. “Cass, I want you, Bull and Solas to join Arsinia and I. We won’t leave for a few days, just enough time to give the horses sometime to rest up.” Turning to her Advisors, Mavra accepted reports before giving out new orders which they agreed too, then she looked towards Arsinia who was laying a distance behind Cullen. “Your going to hate me Arsi.” A huff was all she recieved as the advisors and Cassandra looked to her. “No your going to hate me, trust me.” When she said her reason why, Arsinia flicked an ear in irritation and barely contained a snarl, though she did growl low. Then, standing, Arsinia stretched for a second, then headed towards the doors and slipped out. “Something tells me she’s a bit upset with me right now.”
And Cassandra was right, Arsinia wasn’t “upset”, she was absolutely livid though she was doing a rather excellent job of hiding it as she now lay down near the lake and watched the sunlight sparkle on the icey water. She would lay there, slipping in and out of sleep for hours, for who could say how long before she heard someone approaching her cautiously. “Arsinia?” It was Cullen. She heard him kneel down by her but was still watching the water despite it now being dark out. “Come on, let’s head to my tent that way we both can get some sleep.” Even though about a week had passed, Cullen had found it much easier to sleep when her weight was next to him on his bed, as if she was his “guardian” in some form. Huffing out a sigh she stood at the same time he did and stayed at his side until they entered his tent. Where she laid down near his desk to curl up with eyes closed while he undressed, it was only once he was laying down and the blanket (or rather the comforter as Arsinia knew it to be more like) was drawn over him that she went over and hopped onto the bed and lay beside him. Once more he pet her, scratched behind her ear, and continued to pet her as he calmed down from this day’s excitement and fell into a deep slumber with her close behind.
Arsi wasn’t sure what was worse: having gone to Redcliffe to face the “Magister” and returning to Haven with a band of rebel mages or the fact that just a day after her return she began to feel unwell. At first, she had been able to dismiss as merely something she ate not agreeing with her, but now as she went to stand she felt herself wobble and tip over, as the world spun before her eyes. “Arsinia?” She heard someone ask as she fell over but as she tried to stand again it was as if her legs had turned to jelly and she fell face first onto the ground. “Arsinia!” She heard the person a bit more clearly this time and heard the person shouting for someone to get Mavra and a healer who knew anything about animals. While the person stayed with Arsi, she kept trying hard to stand and failed each time as her legs refused to keep her held up longer than a few seconds. Shaking her head, Arsinia wasn’t sure what was urging her to stand but eventually, she gave up on it and lay on the ground as pain now clawed its way through her. She heard Mavra’s voice but the only word she caught was “poison” before another round of burning pain ripped its way through her.
As she lay fighting with whatever was wrong with her, she felt someone pin her down as something was suddenly forced down her throat. At first, she thought nothing of it, then she began feeling her stomach rolling before she struggled to feet as her ears folded back while she gagged, of course, it wouldn’t be long before the contents of her stomach were heaved out onto the ground not just once but five or six times. Feeling a wave of dizziness wash over her she stumbled to the side but felt someone catch her before she hit the ground. She felt the person lift her head and hold her tightly against them as something else was forced down her throat to settle her stomach before anything else was given to her. Feeling like a limp noodle, Arsinia whimpered as whoever held her whispered softly but whatever the words were spoken, she did not hear them as her world went black. A week would pass while Cullen watched over Arsinia who lay unmoving since the poison had been forced from her body. And each day he checked to make sure she was still breathing, however ragged it was. A couple of times, he pulled all-nighters just to keep a close eye on her, but on this night as he sat studying her, a whimper escaped her and he was immediately to her side as her eyes opened, “Easy,” he whispered as she closed her eyes again, he could see that she was in some form of pain and frowned, “You were poisoned.”
“We have the best people on the trail of whoever is responsible,” Cullen whispered knowing she could understand him. She whimpered once more before closing her eyes and returning to sleep. He hated seeing how much pain she was in, seeing how weak she was, but as he reached out and placed his hand on her to pet along her cheek, along her throat, and onto her shoulder, he couldn't help but wish that there was a way to speed up her recovery. Running his hand along her fur, he listened as she gave a noise that was somewhere between a whine and a whimper, and felt his heart breaking. "Arsi," He said gently as she managed to open her eyes and look at him, "I'm going to lift you up and carry you to my bed," He told her as she sighed. As gently as he could he lifted her up from the ground and placed her on the bed, where he then proceeded to lay next to her. He pulled her closer to him, still being very gentle, and held her through the night. Suddenly as he lay there, the memory of a lullaby his mother had sung to him as a child when he would get sick came back and he found himself humming it gently. Arsinia moved her head closer to him and he continued to pet her. By the time he was finished with the song, Arsinia was long since passed out and he dropped out of the world shortly after. But this night, as he found himself in another nightmare something that he would never expect in a million years to happen happened.
Cullen was kneeling and praying for this too end, for the creature taunting him to leave him alone. He felt as if he was nineteen again and stuck in that strange magical cage in that forsaken tower once more. "Why fight it? Why fight me? This can all end if you just let me in," The creature teased him as he continued to pray.
"I won't let you!" Cullen snarled not realizing that his state of distress had called out to the one he was caring for when awake. "I won't let you in demon! Leave me alone!" he tried again as the creature reached out to touch him. Before it could though, he heard what sounded to be like a wolf's "roar" and the demon screeching as it was harmed and lifting his head in surprise he saw a young woman, with shoulder-length "dirty" blonde hair that curled at the ends, standing before him with back turned to him.
The demon was snarling at the woman before she sneered, "So your the midnight wolf that he's so adamant about taking care of."
"Your the one keeping him from me," The demon snarled back yet the woman was calm. "I will take him back and he will be mine."
"He was never yours, he is his own person and I will not allow you to continue your torment of him any longer." The woman told the demon who snarled at her before it cast a spell that missed and hit the wall behind Cullen. Looking from the wall back to the two that were now physically fighting and saw not the young woman but the ebony she-wolf who he was caring for.
"Arsinia?" He whispered the question as he watched her fight off the demon who clawed at her. He felt frozen in place as he watched them battle over him. He watched as Arsinia's jaws parted with the blood of the demon being flung from them and watched as she leapt towards the creature and ripped into the demon's shoulder causing it to screech. The demon gave back what it received and left a rather nasty gash on Arsinia but after the woman lept away she looked the demon and growled.
"He belongs to no one, demon and until you get the message I will keep fighting." Cullen was unsure of what to do but he knew he couldn't watch this continue. Looking around on the ground close to him, he saw a longsword glinting close by, snatched it up and lunged for the demon at the same time Arsinia prepared to. "Cullen?" She asked as he brought the weapon down upon the demon who gave a noise that was between a screech and something else. Standing as he turned to her, he saw her as a human and took in every detail he could before walking closer to her.
"You called to me, Commander," She told him as he looked around to see that the scenery had changed to Haven. He looked himself over, to see he was in his current choice of outfit, before looking back at her and seeing her as a wolf once more. She turned and prepared to walk away, but he stopped her.
"Arsinia!" Stopping she looked towards him and tilted her head. "Thank you. Even though it wasn't necessary, thank you." Arsinia huffed before she took off, leaving him looking around before he began to wander around in this dream where he allowed himself to relax.
When Cullen awoke, Arsinia was not laying in the bed next to him and he frowned. As he sat up, he saw her re-enter the tent and walk up to him. "Thank you," he whispered as she huffed and placed her head down on the mattress as he reached out and touched her. "Are you feeling better?" he questioned as she groaned a bit, signaling to him that she was but was also in a bit of pain from the lack of movement. "Let's make sure you don't do too much so you don't overexert yourself today."
Arsinia felt the breeze run through her fur as she stood on the path overlooking the town below her. She could see the townspeople celebrating and looked towards where the "Breach" had once been before turning back to face the town. Sitting down on her haunches she watched as they celebrated, yet she couldn't shake the feeling of dread that had come over her. She saw that Mavra wasn't celebrating either and worried for her, well she was until something caught her attention and caused her to stand; As she did, she saw a bit more clearly what it was, before she let an alarmed howl rip through the air and began racing down back into the town at the same time the alarm bells began to ring. Since she had been on the path to the place formerly known as the Temple of Sacred Ashes, it would take her a while to reach the others, but she was pushing herself to go as fast as humanly, or physically possible. She plowed through a snowbank that she could have easily jumped over and was now stretching her body and limbs out as she continued to run, by the time she reached the town it was already under attack but she continued on to where the gates where she saw Mavra and Cullen speaking as she came to a stop in the shadows of a building, she heard Cullen call out to Mavra and bolted from the shadows to lunge at whoever or whatever was coming at the elven woman. Snarling as she barreled into the person, she heard Mavra's surprised yelp and Cullen swearing as Arsinia found the weakness that existed in ALL armors and latching onto the back of the person's neck she snapped her jaws closed, breaking the neck and killing him (if it was a man) on the spot. Turning to the sound of Mavra's voice, Arsinia went swiftly to the woman's side. "Either you knew that was coming or you were closer than I originally thought."
I ran here as fast as I could, but worry about that later shall we? Arsinia asked her as Mavra agreed before they both went to fight their way towards a trebuchet with three others in tow. As swiftly as things went what Arsinia wasn’t expecting was having to leap onto Mavra and, shielding the elf with her body, pin her to the ground as the trebuchet they had just been under exploded into pieces that scattered everywhere; shaking herself after letting Mavra up Arsinia heard someone say a sentence she swore she heard from somewhere else though the memory itself was a bit too fuzzy for her to properly recall.
“Everyone to the gates!” Mavra hollered out as Arsinia took off as they raced back to where Cullen was waiting for them. After a quick retreat to the Chantry, Arsinia watched as Mavra entered the building last. Whining her worry, Arsinia looked from Rodrick, who she could smell the scent of death emanating from, back to Mavra who looked to her with her own form of worry, but before she could speak Cullen appeared and called out to Mavra.
“Herald!” He came jogging up being mindful of Arsinia, who stepped aside anyway so there really was no point in him being mindful of the large wolf. Mavra and Cullen went round in circles with an argument, until a strange boy spoke. Arsinia looked to him then to Rodrick then back towards Mavra who was frowning as she thought over what he said.
“Only if he shows us the way,” Cullen responded. The moment he went to question about Mavra’s escape, The elf gave no response and Arsinia growled.
Like hell I will! Arsinia bared her fangs briefly. I am not going to leave you to face whatever that monster is alone! Looking to Cullen, Mavra frowned before reaching into a pouch at her side.
“Then I have to do this. Forgive me, Arsi.” Mavra begged as she suddenly threw something into Arsinia’s face causing her to snarl and shake her head. She attempted to rub at her eyes as whatever had been thrown at her got into them. Shaking her head again, Arsinia snarled and growled as she came to realize that what had been thrown in her face was a powdery substance, and, that said substance, was suddenly making her very, very, tired. Blinking furiously to try and rid herself of the blurry vision she had, Arsinia noted that her legs (front legs first and with her back ones not far behind) gave out on her and she collapsed onto the ground as they blurriness gave way to darkness with her last sight being of Mavra running out of the chantry doors with three people in tow.
Cullen knew Arsinia would be beyond the levels of pissed when she woke and when she finally did awaken he was proven correct as she bolted from the camp with a snarl ripping from between her jaws. But she wasn’t just pissed, no, she was practically beyond that now; she had been flung into a fury so fierce that she was seeing red, a lot of red, and was now plowing through the snow with snarls aplenty escaping her as she ran. She didn’t need to wonder what direction they had come to this little valley from, the scents of the many Inquisition members were still preserved on the surface of the snow, and soon she found herself at the area where they had entered the valley from. Charging blindly into the blizzard on the other side, she heard Cullen calling after her but knew that he would not dare to follow and for that she was slightly glad; giving out the wolf’s version of a roar, Arsinia soon found the one she had been seeking out and bit the woman who lay still, hard enough to startle her awake but not hard enough to make her bleed. Arsinia watched as Mavra jolted back into the physical world to see the wolf-woman standing and glaring at her. If you think for one fucking moment that I’m going to allow you to die out here, then your dead wrong. If ANYONE gets to kill you it will be me, Arsinia’s fangs bared as her jaws parted with her growls becoming snarls. Now get up, bitch, before I make you, She commanded the elf who frowned.
I'm the one with fur remember? She retorted as Mavra shivered, Now get up and keep moving. Your closer to the others then you think. Arsinia watched as Mavra stood, helping when it was needed and began to lead the woman to the others, where she was soon spotted and carried to the camp where she was swiftly attended to. After Mavra was seen to, Arsinia curled up in a ball at the foot of the cot where the elven woman slept, but Arsinia had more then once awoken to chase off either the companions or the Advisors, even going so far as to attack Cullen when he had drawn too close (which meant that she had lunged at him and had, of course, created a rather nice red line on his arm that had bled a bit), and that move had taken him completely by surprise as it was something he hadn’t ever expected her to do.
Standing where he was now, which was across the way from the healer’s tent where Arsinia and Mavra both slept, he watched Arsinia as she curled up into a ball after chasing away another person from disturbing Mavra’s much-needed rest. He watched as Arsinia lifted her head at hearing someone approach, but soon buried her face back under her tail as she recognized the person as none other the Mother Giselle, who at this time was about the only person who could draw near to Mavra without fear of Arsinia attacking her. “She didn’t mean to hurt you.” Cullen placed a hand on the hilt of his blade as he turned to see the strange boy from a few days ago appear beside him. “She can smell the weakness on the Herald. She knows she’s injured and wants the injuries to heal.” He spoke softly as Cullen watched him. “Didn’t mean to hurt him.” The boy spoke as Cullen continued to eye him warily, “Just need Mavra to heal. I hope he can forgive me.” The boy blinked then, before suddenly vanishing leaving Cullen extremely alarmed and now very much wide awake. He wasn’t sure how to take the odd presence of the boy who could just appear and disappear so suddenly. It was very unnerving for the Commander, but as Cullen looked towards where Arsinia was curled up, he wondered just what the boy had meant when he had spoken (what Cullen now believed to be) Arsinia’s thoughts.
Sighing, Cullen decided to attempt to sleep and as he sat on his cot, he studied the line Arsinia had left him with after attacking him. It was bleeding again but as he went to cover it up he stopped as he heard someone moving outside his tent. Hearing the sound of fur being shaken out, he figured it to be Arsinia as she moved around to exercise her legs. He listened as she grumbled to herself before she moved on but couldn’t help himself when he called out to her softly, “Arsinia?” Hearing her stop he called for her to enter his tent, though she did so with ears folded back against her head which was lowered below her shoulders and tail tucked tight against her belly as she entered in a slight crouch. He studied her stance for a moment, recognizing the signs of an animal who knew it was in trouble and knew that so long as she didn’t bare her fangs she wouldn’t dare attack him again. “Come here,” he spoke as she stepped very carefully over to him, body dropping the whole time until she was close enough to the ground to be almost crawling; Cullen watched as she flinched the moment he reached out to her and wondered why she had done that as the only time an animal or even a person flinched like what she had was when someone had hit them in their past. Part of him reared back in rage at the thought of ANYONE hitting Arsinia, but he also had to remind himself that it could also be a natural response to her fear of repercussions for attacking him earlier. “I’m not mad at you, Arsi,” he whispered, “I didn’t know that you were trying to keep the Herald’s rest from being disturbed.” He touched her head gently, letting her know through his body language as well that he wasn’t angry. He asked her to stay the night with him and, being the sucker for him that she was when he asked such a question, she did.
Once Mavra was finally up and about, the Inquisition began to move to what would soon be their new base of operations, but one lonely night found Mavra sitting with legs close to her chest while Arsinia lay behind her both with heads turned skyward. They were deep into a conversation that would have anyone thinking about their singular topic. You're afraid of death? Arsinia inquired from Mavra who nodded.
"Why shouldn't I be? Nobody really knows what happens after death and the thought scares me... Aren't you afraid of death?"
No, Arsinia's right ear flicked, While it is true that we cannot say what happens after death as each person has a different experience with it, but we must also remember that death a natural part of life. All living things come to an end eventually. Gods, mortals, all of us.
They can, it's just harder for them to die. The only thing that is ever truly immortal is death. Mavra thought on Arsinia's words for a moment before looking towards her knees.
Yes. I do not fear death, I know he will come for me when my time comes. But I fear to die alone, with no one there for me. No friends, no family, no one. Life is worth living, but if you have no one there for you when you die what was the point of living?
Mavra frowned then. She could see Arsinia's point, could see why Arsinia lived without the fear of death but then looked to the wolf who continued to watch the twinkling stars overhead. "I wouldn't let you." Arsinia looked to her then, "Even in this short time that we've known each other, I wouldn't let you die alone."
Mav... Arsinia then quietly huffed in both amusement and a bit of happiness. I will hold you to that promise. She told the elven woman who leaned back against her side while she rested her head between her paws.
Not sure how many of you out there own dogs or cats or both but you know the thing that tends to take over that causes them to zip around? yeah, I call those the "zoomies" and apparently Arsi felt the need to have them lol.
Arsinia lay near Cullen and the small table where he kept the blueprints of the massive fortress pinned down. Of course, the reason she was laying near him was because she had just finished rubbing her "stink" on the grass, much to the Commander's amusement. Sneezing once, Arsinia swiftly returned to rubbing herself in the grass, making sure to roll around a couple of times, before she sprung up and zipped away causing Cullen to laugh at her sudden good mood which was suddenly infectious to the rest of the Inquisition and it spread as people watched her zoom around. Despite being a woman cursed into the body of a wolf, Arsinia just couldn't help but indulge herself in some of the things that all canines enjoyed; yes this was a curse she bore upon her physical form, but she would be damned if she allowed herself to stew in misery for it, no, she would take this curse, make it into something more and would enjoy it to spite whoever had placed it upon her in the first place. "What brought this on?" Mavra, who stood with everyone's favorite dwarf and another person, looked towards said dwarf and smiled.
"Varric, just because Arsinia is cursed into that form doesn't mean anything," Mavra said swiftly as she turned back to watching Arsinia as she continued to zip around. "I'm pretty sure she is allowing herself to indulge into being a wolf and I, for one, am glad to see that she turned what should be something bad into something good."
"She's cursed?" The person standing next to Mavra questioned as the elf turned to the person, or rather man.
"Yes," Mavra nodded, "We don't dare have any of the Templars use their ability on her to try and nullify the curse as we aren't sure what could happen, so we opted instead to find some other way to break it. And if there is no way to break it, well at least we can try and find a way to give her back her human form while keeping the wolf form she is in now."
"Hold on," Varric interrupted as both turned to him, "Your suggesting to make her a new type of werewolf?"
"Not werewolf per say," Mavra frowned. "More like a..." She thought it over, "A non-mage shapeshifter."
"Sounds like a werewolf to me," Varric shook his head as Mavra sighed. Deciding that now wasn't the time to get into an argument, Mavra watched Arsinia as the she-wolf finally calmed down and plopped down on her stomach near Cullen who was smirking as he talked to her and earned a huff in return before she fell asleep as he returned to work.
"Don't look now but I think there might be something more going on between those two," Varric smirked as the other two watched.
"I don't see how," Mavra frowned. "Yes I see that they have come to care for each other on some level I don't understand, but she's still as a beast, how can there be anything more between them?"
"Trust me its there," Varric could almost literally see what was budding between Cullen and Arsinia, though with the situation Arsinia was in he doubted that it would go any further.
The rain was falling outside and part of Arsi was glad that Cullen's office had finally been fixed up to where the man could sit inside with the blueprints so they wouldn't get drenched but then again about a month had passed since their arrival to this fortress which was named Skyhold and they had discovered, that with as quickly as everyone had worked, the repairs were swiftly completed and Josephine, for her part, had instantaneously ensured that the furnishments were delivered and set up just as quickly. Resting her head on the stone floor beside her paws, which were crossed, Arsinia lay in a corner of Cullen's office that she had claimed as hers. She was drifting in and out of sleep when he approached her and crouched down to pet her, earning himself a soft sigh. "Arsinia," he whispered as she opened her eyes to look at him. "Why don't you go lay on the bed?" She groaned in response with eyes closing and he chuckled. She was comfy where she had laid down at and really didn't feel like moving, especially not to the specially made bed that was shoved into the corner of the room where the construction supplies (and debris) had been removed from. Granted it was one of two beds, beings as the other was up in Cullen's room though it was used less as Cullen rather enjoyed having her snuggled up to him as he believed that holding her or just having her now familiar weight next to him help to drive off the nightmares that had once plagued him (that and they were just used to sleeping next to each other), but Arsinia found that sometimes the stone floor was just as comfortable as the beds. Shaking his head, Cullen pet Arsinia a few more times before standing and walking over to his desk where he sat down to begin writing responses to some reports while looking others over.
Eventually, he heard Arsinia get up, looked in her direction and watched as she stretched before finally going over to the bed and collapsing down onto it after circling for a moment and felt himself smile. He wasn't sure why but he rather enjoyed having Arsinia around. Even though the only time they could actually speak was when they were dreaming in the Fade, he still enjoyed having her around; but just as he was about to return to his work, someone walked into the room. "Cozy little office you have here, Commander." Looking at the speaker Cullen saw the strange mage that Mavra an Arsinia had brought to haven with them walking in with a smile.
"Just to come to see how our favorite wolf-woman is doing," The mage replied as Cullen motioned over towards where Arsi lay now.
"Fine if you ask me." Cullen then asked his "what do you want" question again and Dorian sighed in exasperation at the way Cullen did things.
"Well, I hope that the news I bring will make her more than fine," At that Arsinia lifted her head, slightly peeved that her rest had been disturbed, but any news that came for her would cause her to lift her head as her ears perked. "We may have found a solution to your situation."
"Yes, Solas and I have been hard at work searching through the books that were already here and not eaten or too faded to read, and we believe we may have found one that presents a way to either break the curse that has a hold on you, dear girl, or give you the option to switch between human and wolf forms." Arsinia looked to Cullen who turned to her, neither could really believe what they had just heard but right now this news was better than nothing. Arsinia looked to Dorian and whined questioningly and he seemed to understand right away what she was asking. "Solas is looking into it as we speak." With that Dorian turned and left the two as Arsinia sat up and met Cullen's eyes once more and the shared look between them was unmistakable: there was hope that soon she would be either rid of the curse that bound her to this form or able to switch between being human and wolf. Even though one hoped for the former, Arsinia was hoping for the ability to switch between the two as she had come to rather enjoy being a wolf for the perks it provided, and secretly a part of Cullen was hoping for the same thing.
It was a calm day and thus it found Arsinia standing outside on one of the balconies of Mavra's room with head turned skyward as she watched the rolling clouds go by. Normally she never really bothered to look towards the sky during the day, yet today seemed like one of those days where she just couldn't drag her attention away from it; settling herself down on the stone balcony, Arsinia watched the lush, silky cotton-like clouds as they lazily flowed on by. Hearing Mavra as she came walking over to her, she briefly glanced to the woman who soon rested her back on Arsinia's side. "Watching the clouds?"
I felt the sudden urge to just lay here and watch them. Have you ever noticed that they can take on shapes?
Yes, shapes like animals or inanimate objects, or even plants. Arsinia said as she and Mavra began to speak on the shapes they saw in the clouds. Even though it was just tricks of their eyes, it was still an enjoyable pass time.
Eventually, Mavra placed her head on Arsinia's shoulder and began to pet the dark fur of her shoulder. "You know Arsi," Mavra started up as Arsinia opened her eyes and glanced back at the elf, "I feel oddly happy and calm when I'm around you. Like you could be a part of me that has been missing."
Soul Twins are people who souls share a connection deeper than anything physical can go as if they were born from one soul. They are connected through the very universe around them and the bonds they form cannot be broken by anyone, not even death.
A bond between two souls that have lived many lives and are always destined to find each other. Those types of twins can vary though. Sometimes they are born as literal twins, sometimes they are born as two separate people who find each other and fall in so deeply in love that it's rare to find them without the other.
Arsinia gave the wolf version of a chuckle, Almost. Both the Soul Twins and Twin Flames are like that though. One is always close to the other. Where one can be found, the other is not far behind. So keeping that in mind think a bit harder about that.
Mavra smiled then, "I think I understand. I've noticed that where I go you are not far behind, and its the same way with Cullen and you."
Do not be ashamed that you have found your Twin Flame, Mav. You deserve the joy that finding each other has brought you both. Arsinia watched as Mavra continued to blush.
I cannot answer that for I am unsure if he is or isn't. Cullen is a good man but I doubt he and I are destined to be together.
We can only wait and see. Even if it takes years, we can only wait and see. Arsinia told her as the wolf closed her eyes while Mavra snuggled close to her and slowly dropped off into slumber. Arsinia opened her eyes briefly as she heard the voice of the Commander even from up here and watched as he walked the battlements with a scout. Lifting her head up, her attention was soon snagged by a dragonfly which decided to land on her nose and began to "kiss" it. Arsinia gave a small smile as the insect then launched itself back into the air and darted away while she lay her head back down and closed her eyes once more. She could hear the gentle hum of the wings of the dragonflies as they flew around the balcony and, on more than one occasion, she felt a few land on her face to rest their wings but she wasn't bothered by them. Dragonflies to her were beautiful insects that were a symbol of the true graceful serenity just like how butterflies were the symbol of beauty. Arsinia was sure that had anyone actually seen her and the Inquisitor, they would find the two as a sight to behold as Mavra was snuggled up against Arsinia who lay with head on her crossed forepaws while curled around Mavra. It would certainly be a sight to behold if anyone here in Skyhold had the artistic talent to paint them with the dragonflies flying around them as well.
I honestly wish I had the artistic talent to draw scenes like Arsinia and Mavra resting on the Balcony for you guys, but I don't... Hope you like it anyways!
Cullen looked towards the balcony that he swore he could see Mavra and Arsinia sleeping on and noticed a dragonfly as it zipped on by. Odd... This is an unusual time to see dragonflies. He thought as he watched more dart around, but then he shrugged and returned to work. It wasn't his place to question the comings and goings of such creatures if they felt like popping up, well then, they would pop up. He had just returned his gaze to the clipboard in his hand when he noted a rather bright red dragonfly land there and smiled as it remained for several moments before he watched it take to the air and fly in the direction of where Arsinia and Mavra slept in the sun's warm light. A soothing and mellow breeze brushed through his hair and through the fur mantle upon his shoulders, yet he couldn't take his gaze away from where Arsinia and Mavra slept.; it was as if he felt drawn to Arsinia and was so distracted by the thought of her that he almost missed someone walking up to him. "Commander," the voice belonged to Cassandra and he turned his gaze to her, "I see you are distracted."
"I can't help it," Cullen sighed as they both turned their gazes towards the Inquisitor's room, "I can't stop thinking about Arsinia..." he told her as Cassandra smiled, "It's like she's..."
"Yes," he nodded as the Seeker continued to smile, "it feels as if there was a part of me that was missing and came back when she came around." Cassandra nodded as she agreed with him as she felt that same way about Mavra. After they spoke, Cullen attempted to return to work until Dorian came to find him.
Dorian looked at the man and smiled, "Solas and I are going to do what was promised," Cullen looked up and felt his heart stop. Arsinia was soon to be free of the curse that gripped her so fiercely or would at least have it changed to not be so much as a curse. As soon as Dorian left, Cullen lowered his head and gave a silent prayer, what for exactly he couldn't say but he was sure it was for Arsinia.
Mavra looked to a now human Arsinia who sat on her bed looking at her hands, "You'll get re-used to it. Though I'm sure you'll most likely be in wolf form majority of the time."
Arsinia giggled as she stood to look in the body length mirror that Mavra had in her room, "According to Dorian and Solas, I need to stay human for at least two days for their spellwork to stick."
"What's wrong with my hair?" Arsinia asked as she looked in the mirror at her new outfit and saw her shoulder-length curly hair. Some "features" that had stuck with her after she had been transformed back had been the fact that instead of her hair being that "dirty" blonde it had once been it was now the same bluish midnight-ebony as her fur in wolf form; but the unseen features were the facts that her eyesight, sense of smell and her hearing were still as sharp as they were when she had been full on wolf but she attributed that to the fact that she still had the wolf form.
"Well..." Arsinia had always been fine with shoulder length hair, but sighing she actually found herself agreeing with her, "Alright, Who's going to do it though?"
"Why wouldn't I?" Arsinia laughed as Mavra set to work. Once she was done, Arsinia stood and smiled as she looked in the mirror. "Well don't WE just look as opposite as night and day, minus the hair color of course." Arsinia was referring to how they wore practically the same outfit just in different colors.
"Well, I figured that the "Night's Watch" outfit would suit you more and as far as I'm concerned it does!" Mavra told her as Arsinia chuckled.
"So if I'm quote, unquote, "Night's Watch" would that make you the quote, unquote, "Day's Vigil"?" Arsinia asked as Mavra's smile grew, causing Arsinia to wonder just how the woman's face held on.
Mavra and Arsinia ate lunch in her room and talked well into the afternoon, or at least until it was time for the war meeting which Mavra wasn't looking forward to at all. "You're still coming with me right?"
"Why wouldn't I?" Arsinia asked as Mavra smiled. As they headed down to the war room, Arsinia felt the gazes of everyone as they turned to her and was sure more then a few jaws had dropped, but it was only when they reached the war room Arsinia suddenly became nervous as Mavra went in to inform the Advisors that she was waiting outside. When Mavra came back out and began to pull her into the room, Arsinia stepped in and looked to the Advisors who were all shocked to see what she really looked like.
Out of the three Advisors who were in the war room, it was Cullen who was shocked the most and now he was glad that Mavra had suggested putting down anything that they could drop as he was sure that he would have dropped whatever had been in his hands as his train of thought derailed and exploded. No matter how many times he had seen her in the Fade in their shared dreams, it was nothing compared to what he saw now. He had seen her as a beautiful woman in the Fade, but as he truly saw her, he realized that the Fade version of her had absolutely nothing on the true her. He swore as he looked her over that she couldn't be real, yet the weakness in his knees told him she was. Then she spoke and he lost all sense of being as every fiber of who he was, came to realize that she was real and that she was in front of him, "This is the real me, minus the hair which is a side-effect to the wolf form." It was only by sheer willpower alone that he remained standing when her sapphire gaze turned to him and he saw the gentle smile on her face, "I've been waiting a long time to properly meet you all, especially you, Cullen." He was sure that if his train of thought hadn't already derailed it would have by now and he was pretty damn sure it would have done more then explode.
"Arsinia...?" He barely managed as she nodded. As he stood there he did not notice how Mavra motioned for the other two to follow her nor how quickly they left as all he could focus on was this goddess-like woman standing before him. She did not move closer to him, there was no need as he walked around the war table and approached her. A part of him needed to touch her, to make sure that this wasn't just a dream, but when he reached out he stopped himself until she gave her permission. The moment his fingers touched her cheek, he knew it was no dream. "I..."
"I know," She whispered softly as his golden eyes scanned her, before meeting her sapphire gaze once more.
"Yes, I am," She reached up and waited for him to nod his permission before she set her full hand on his cheek and he all but melted at the touch, even if she wore gloves that prevented the skin of her hands from feeling the contact. He closed his eyes as the sensation of her hand figuratively burned its mark on to his cheek, opening his eyes he went to speak but she stopped him. "Later, I promise. I will answer all of your questions," And she would keep that promise as after the war meeting finally commenced when they found themselves in his office, she answered all the questions he had for her. But the one that was burning in his chest would not happen for another two weeks and it would be answered when she would ask him something that would begin a relationship that was more then them being friends.
Two weeks would pass before Cullen would find himself standing between his bookshelves and his desk, having just turned to place something down on said desk when he saw Arsinia walk in. She looked like she had something weighing heavily on her mind and he frowned, "Arsi?" he questioned as she looked towards him. He knew her well enough to know that when something was bothering her she tended to wander around.
"You look like something is on your mind, is everything alright?" He asked as she bit her lower lip before answering.
"Yeah, I just..." She was nervous and he wondered why, "I was hoping that maybe we could talk... alone?"
"Alone?" He questioned before agreeing to it. "I don't see why not," He motioned towards the door opposite where he stood and together they walked outside with him being the perfect gentleman the whole time until it came to a certain topic, then he almost became a rambling mess until she touched his arm and brought him back to himself.
"I'm always going to be here Cullen, if you need time then I will wait," She explained as she touched his cheek causing his amber gaze to fall on her.
"That's the thing," He told her as he found himself backing her up against the rampart behind her, "I'm not sure if I would want to wait," He told her as he drew closer to her.
"I'm leaving it up to you, I can wait for you for as long as needed," She told him softly. He smirked but as fate would have it just before he could close the distance they were, naturally, interrupted which was both funny as hell and embarrassing as hell to her. Deciding that letting him get back to work would be best she made to speak but was suddenly interrupted when he turned on a dime and claimed her lips with his own. She wasn't sure what happened next but it took her mind several moments to catch up to her body and to her mouth which was returning the surprise kiss. When he pulled away to apologize Arsinia stopped him by joking with him a bit, but the moment passed with him kissing her once more and her happily returning it.
Mavra was watching this unfold from her balcony and she had one hell of a shit eater's grin as she turned to Cassandra who came walking over, "It's about time those two did something about the unspoken thing between them." Cassandra nodded her agreement as the two watched Cullen and Arsinia as the two new lovers talked before, she let him walk away so he could return to work.
Later on, as night fell Cullen found himself unable to sleep and wasn't expecting Arsinia to come to his office and see him still working. "Cullen?" Watching him as he looked up, he saw Arsinia watching him with worry, "How you even tried to sleep?"
"Upstairs now," She told him when he went to protest she gave him a look that spoke of how she would take no argument and he soon did as bid. Once he was up the rungs of the ladder, with her close behind, he found her helping him with removing his armor, before she sat on the bed and told him to lay down. Laying down he found his head pillowed in her lap and saw her smiling down at him. She began to play with his hair and, somehow massaging his neck and shoulders, she soon began to hum a lullaby which she ended up singing to him and he quickly found himself in the world of dreams. Lifting his head to place a pillow under, Arsinia stood and kissed his forehead and brushed her fingers against his forehead and cheek, "Good night, my love," She whispered tenderly to him. Walking softly, she stopped at the ladder and turned back to him as he groaned while he turned to lay on his side. Slipping down the ladder to his office, she doused the candles and walked out and began to sing to herself, "If I held in my hand every grain of sand since time first began to be... Still, I could never count, measure the amount of all the things you are too me..." She sang as she headed to her room but she sang it so quietly that no one could hear her even if anyone had been around her. Entering her room she began to remove her gloves and smiled as she soon changed into a shirt and pajama bottoms, then, sitting on her bed she looked outside her open window and couldn't help the little flutter in her heart. Laying down, she pulled the blankets up around her and slowly drifted off to sleep as she realized that Mavra had been right in some way. Cullen was Arsinia's Twin Flame.
The next day Arsinia had just finished dressing when a knock sounded on her door, "Enter!" She called out as she dried her hair with a towel, or well she tried to as the untamable mop that it was was damn near impossible to dry unless one had magic, and sadly magic was the thing she lacked she settled for attempting to towel dry it as the person who had knocked on her door entered, stopping in her vigorous rubbing she snuck a look back to see Dorian entering and raised a brow. “To what do I owe the pleasure?” She questioned as she gave up and left the towel resting on her head as she sought out her brush, “Where the fuck did I put that damned thing?” She muttered as Dorian smiled.
“A little birdy has informed me that you and our lion eyed Commander have finally done something about all that, oh what’s the word I’m looking for?” He questioned nonchalantly as he scooped up her brush, “Sit.”
Arsinia looked towards him with a slight frown but walked over and sat at her desk and the man removed her towel and “tsked” about her hair, “It’s called natural curls, and I believe the word you're looking for is angst.”
“Well your natural curls need to be shown a thing or two,” he tsked again as he began brushing out her still wet hair. “I’m not sure if that’s the right word for what was going on between you both, but at least you finally fixed it,” Dorian then colorfully cursed, “Has your hair always been this...unruly?!”
“It runs in my family...at least on my mother’s side, I believe. Honestly, I don't know which side this mess came from.”
“Well,” Dorian huffed, “I am going to show you how to love your curls, or at least how to tame them down a bit.”
“Good luck with that...” Arsinia frowned as he went to work. “And why are you pestering me about Cullen and me? That’s something I would expect from Mav.”
“No? Let me see then...You're the only one I know of who is here, rather willingly I might say, and your digging for gossip which I won’t share just like a fly that buzzes around, so case in point: you are a fly. But a rather fashionable fly with a greater sense of taste when it comes to wines.”
“Fine, I will take that, speaking of wine. Would you care to join me later? I heard some really interesting things that I’m sure you’ll just love to hear.”
“You’re very welcome, my dear, and I shall see you then.” With that Dorian left the room as Arsinia smiled at his handiwork. She was glad he knew how to tame curls like hers, though it surprised her.
Right now though, she had someone to check up on and as she left her room, she found herself in Cullen’s office where the said man was looking over some paperwork. “You don’t know the meaning of taking a break do you?” She questioned as she slid around his desk and earned a smile from him as he focused on her.
“Commanding an army is a very demanding job,” He stated with a tender gaze as she rested a hand on his arm. “Though I would be lying if I said that a part of me didn't wish that it didn’t involve so much paperwork,” he sighed as he stood straight and smiled at her, before reaching up and lifting her chin so he could gently claim her lips with his. “Have you come to distract me?” He inquired playfully as she faked shock.
“Now I regret having said those words around you,” she laughed as he chuckled deeply, before kissing her again. She let her fingers run along his arm as he pulled her close and rested his cheek against her head.
“I hope not, Mavra took Cassandra, Bull, and Vivienne with her to wherever it was they went. Dorian has insisted I take lunch with him to which I’ll probably end up sleeping for a bit afterward as the wine he drinks is rather strong and usually tends to knock my sorry ass out. If I should wake up before sunset I’ll be amazed, but otherwise, I won’t be busy. Why?”
“If not I will come find you,” Cullen smiled as she snuggled closer, or well as close as she could get with his armor in the way.
“That too.” Suddenly both were filled with longing. Not the sexual longing, but that wanting to cuddle close while they sleep longing. They had grown so used to sleeping near each other while she had been full on wolf, that it really was no surprise that they struggled to sleep now that they were in separate bedrooms. They kissed once more before she began walking away from him but both were smiling despite the fact that the day was just beginning.
Arsinia collapsed onto her bed, pulled a pillow close, and closed her eyes. She wasn't sure why she drank wine with Dorian, the stuff usually knocked her out but the day had suddenly turned rainy and well, Arsinia usually found it to be nap time when it started raining. As she started drifting off, she listened to the rain through the windows she had left open and just as she was about to plummet off the edge and down into the abyss of dreams, she felt someone run their hand along her cheek but if they kissed her forehead she couldn't be sure as she had taken the dive into dreamland. She wasn't sure if she dreamt at all, but when she began to awaken, which was rather slowly, she felt arms around her and heard a familiar voice as she woke. "Hey," She blinked a few times as she felt the familiar embrace of Cullen, and snuggled closer to him. As her senses came back to her, she heard the rain still pouring, could smell the familiar scents of the clear air (as well as Cullen's Oakmoss and Elderflower scent), and felt Cullen's secure and tender embrace as he held her. He spoke nothing else as he held her, he didn't need to as she fell right back to sleep and he rested his chin on her head; as he sat there, on her bed, he soon began to nod off but still held her. Opening his eyes briefly to check to see if she was comfortable, which with the position she was in he wouldn't be surprised if she was (he could clearly see that she lay in the position where her legs where stretched out while he held her upper body with both of her hands resting on his chest and her head under his), he soon shut them once more as he joined her in the Fade.
As they slept, neither were aware of being watched as the strange boy or rather spirit who had become a young man, watched them. Vanishing from that room he soon appeared next to Mavra who happened to be looking for either the Commander or Arsinia as she was sure where one was the other would not be far behind. "Cole?" She questioned as he appeared next to her, "Have you seen the Commander or Arsinia?"
Just as she asked that question he lifted a hand and pointed towards Arsinia's room, "Safe and happy. A piece of both returned. A Love unbound by physical form." And with those words, he vanished once more as Mavra looked towards the area he had pointed in and smiled.
"Well there goes that plan," She sighed as she shook her head, but instead of seeking them out she walked towards Cassandra as she decided to let the two sleep.
Arsinia yelped as she landed heavily on her side but shook herself of the odd watery substance she had landed in. Looking around she spotted the others getting up and looked towards Mavra who was frowning, but before either had the chance to speak someone else did. “Is this...are we dead?” Both turned to the speaker to see the one Varric called Hawke standing upside down as he looked around. “If this is the afterlife the Chantry owes me an apology, this looks nothing like the Maker’s bosom.”
Right...forget I asked... Arsinia huffed before looking around, are we...IN the Fade? She questioned before turning to Mavra, who only shrugged in response. After they set out to travel through the Fade, the demon that was hounding them tried and tried to use their greatest fears against them but it was pretty much useless. Even when he went after Arsinia who only snorted in response as he spoke to her calling her "The worthless one who shouldn't exist". But what he said did touch a nerve with her, and so when they finally came face to face with the creature Arsinia looked towards Hawke and his warden contact and frowned. He met her gaze and knew what she wanted him to do. With a nod, he reached out and yanked her close as Mavra began protesting as He called out for the others to follow him through the rift. The demon that had been hounding them saw them making a break for it, but was soon distracted by Arsinia who snarled and lunged for one of its legs, causing it to screech and focus on her while the others escaped. AS Arsinia and the demon battled it out, she saw the Fade rift shut and knew that there was no escape for her now...unless it was through death. But as she dueled the demon, with her snarls and growls and sometimes pained yelps echoing throughout the demons area, Arsinia found it in her best interest to wound the thing and force it to retreat, which is exactly what happened. Laying on the ground, on her side, Arsinia felt just the smallest amount of victory run through her despite the fact that she was damn near death's door. Rolling over to her stomach, Arsinia lay there for a few more moments as she felt her wounds begin to bleed once more. Closing her eyes she felt a strange breeze run along her fur, and it caused her to open her eyes to see that no one was there. Forgive me, Cullen, She begged as she saw the world around her going black; she knew there would be no point in trying to blink it away, death was coming for her and that thought sent a smile to her lips. I know you promised... to never... let me die alone... Mav... but... it seems that there is no choice... in the...matter... Arsinia's eyes closed as her world literally faded away.
Mavra collapsed to her knees as she wrapped her arms around tightly around her torso while her tears streamed down her cheeks and onto the carpet below her as she lamented her closest friend and Soul Twin. Cassandra soon pulled her close, trying to fight off her own tears, and held Mavra. Leliana sat in the rookery staring at her table with unseeing eyes; Josephine stood looking out of the windows in the war room; No cheering could be heard from the tavern as everyone in there was too somber to even think of celebrating; Varric and Hawke sat at the table Varric tended to sit at in the main hall, drinks in their hands which sat untouched; Dorian sat in his chair in the library with his own tears sliding down his cheeks as he watched the rain falling; Solas sat in his rotunda in silence as he tried to not cry at the loss of Arsinia; even Vivienne, who Arsinia had never really bothered to speak too outside of the lessons in Alchemy, was somber as she sat in her room with tea untouched on the table as she looked out at the grey sky; but out of everyone who was affected by her loss, it was Cullen, whose sorrow had taken a more destructive path, who had been affected the worst. He didn't ask himself why she had done what she did, he knew why, but it hurt for him to think of the answer anyway. Arsinia had sacrificed herself so everyone trapped in the Fade with the Inquisitor and her could escape. Cullen felt tears in his eyes and closed them before snarling out as he threw his fist into one of his bookshelves. He knew he would regret it later, but right now the only pain he felt was the loss of Arsinia which cut deeply into his soul. "Why?" He demanded from no one, "Why did you give us the chance to be together if you were just going to take her away?" He felt each word cut through his heart as he stood there with head cast down and tears stinging his eye as they begged for release. But he would not allow himself to shed them, even as he went to sleep that night.
Arsinia startled awake at the sound of an alarm screeching in her ear. "Fucking hell..." She grumbled as she sat up to see that she had, once more, fallen asleep at her desk. "Ugh... I really need to stop doing that," She yawned as she looked around to recollect her thoughts and suddenly her thoughts struck her. "Wait! What the hell am I doing here?!" She questioned as someone walked in.
"You fell asleep at your desk again didn't you?" The voice was that of her roommate who stood frowning at her before walking forward and setting a portable cup of steaming coffee down. "Brought you some Starbucks."
"Okay, now I know you did something," Arsinia squinted at her roommate who was now avoiding her gaze. Hearing what her roommate admitted to doing, Arsinia stood up after completely logging out of her laptop and walked out of the room to get dressed.
"To go for a walk before I lose my temper with you," Arsinia told her swiftly as her roommate frowned.
"Too late," Arsinia all but stormed out of their apartment and went for a long walk around the nearby park. Sitting on a park bench, Arsinia thought over what she was pretty sure wasn't a dream, yet felt like it, and sighed heavily. It couldn't have been a dream...It felt too real to be a dream. She thought to herself as she sat there. But after a few days passed, she figured it had been nothing but a dream until she sat down to pull on some socks and saw familiar scars that caused her heart to pause. These scars...She brushed her fingers over them and the memory of HOW she got them came back to her. It...it wasn't a dream... Thedas...everyone... they're all real... And then a thought struck her as she pulled on her socks and then yanked on her boots as well as threw on her gloves, and for once in her life, she bolted out of that room. She flung open the apartment door, startling her Roommate who called after her, apologized for it, but continued running in the direction she knew where something was about to happen. She wasn't exactly sure what was making her run, or why she was running instead of driving but at that moment, her feet were faster then any vehicle she could fathom. She leapt over a railing and continued running even as her lungs began screaming for oxygen. Lifting the corners of her lips in a grimace and squinting just a bit, she flew over the land as if her life depended on it and in some way she honestly felt as if it did as her memories of Thedas came rampaging back at her like a t-rex. The days she had spent with Mavra. The times she had slept beside Cullen when she had been a wolf. The long hours she would spend with Dorian in the library drinking wine and gossiping about nothing in particular. The teasing banter she would have with Varric, Bull and the Chargers. The pranks she would pull with Sera. The training sessions she had shared with Cassandra and Leliana. The Alchemy lessons she would have with Vivienne who would encourage her even when she messed something up. The few times she did speak with Hawke and had a laugh at his antics as he told her of his adventures. Even the days she would spend with Solas as he had become her art teacher in a way and taught her about the different techniques to properly paint the images and things that would come to her. But most of all, at the forefront of her memories, came the memories of the loving touches and tender kisses she and Cullen would share. All of it came back to her as she ran like a madwoman who could be described as running like a bat outta hell. Turning sharply as she approached the park, she barreled into the underbrush of the forest and continued with her fast pace and was fortunate enough to come to where two trees whose branches twisted together sat with the space between them looking like a gateway to another realm and for once in her life, Arsinia did the only thing she swore she would never do: She prayed. Not to the gods of Earth, but to the Maker and Andraste and pleaded with them to be allowed to go back to Thedas. "Maker, Andraste, if either of you can hear me, Please... Let me return to them...Allow me to return to Thedas to be with those who truly care about me, and allow me to return to Cullen..." She pleaded hoping against hope they could hear her as she drew closer to the trees, "So that I may care and love him for the rest of his natural days..." Arsinia closed her eyes as she ran between the trees and the moment she opened them she saw that she was no longer in the forest but was now running through the blistering sands of the Western Approach. They...they heard me? She questioned as she realized that despite the boots that she wore, she could feel the heat that baked the sand and yelped as it suddenly hit her. "Oh! HOT! HOT! HOT!" She swiftly vanished over into the shade of a nearby cave and sat down and whimpered. "Oh, I deserved that..." She whined before a noise had captured her attention. "Who's there!" She demanded as the person came round the corner and their jaws each dropped as they recognized the other. "Rylen?!"
Mavra stood looking over the war table with a rather bored expression on her face while Cullen and Josephine went round and round about the fact that the Masquerade (which honestly none of them was really looking forward too since Arsinia was no longer there) was only a month away and that they needed to do something to secure their invitation to it. Mavra didn't even have the heart to say anything about it, how could she when she had been really looking forward to Arsinia's grumblings, but as she scanned the war table, whatever thoughts she had been having were suddenly interrupted when a scout came racing in almost completely out of breath. "Forgive my interruption, Inquisitor!" He begged as they all turned to the poor man. "Urgent message from Knight-Captain Rylen at Griffon Wing Keep!"
Taking the letter from the Scout, she opened it and as her eyes scanned the page, she felt her heart stop completely. "Thank you," She looked to the scout, "Go, rest and relax, you've earned it," She dismissed him swiftly before turning, throwing the letter down on the war table and bolting out of the room as she called for Varric, Cassandra and Dorian.
Curious to see what would cause her to leave so suddenly, Leliana was the first to pick up the letter and read it with her jaw dropping before she regained her composure as she allowed Cullen and Josephine to take it and read it. Cullen didn't want to believe what he read in his second's handwriting but he knew that the man would never lie about anything, but he did wonder if the heat of the Approach was affecting his judgment. Yet in a tiny part of his mind, Cullen knew that Rylen's words were true yet he found himself doubting it very much.
Arsinia sat in a cool room of the keep a few days later and was beyond grateful for being able to hide away from the blistering heat of the sun; looking up as Rylen entered she frowned as he groaned. "Getting old there Knight-Captain?" She teased as he looked at her.
"Aye, but I'm still young enough to bend you over my knee little lady, especially for that stunt you pulled," he smiled in return as she laughed nervously. They continued speaking about several things until they were interrupted by the announcement of the Inquisitor's arrival, "Stay here." He told her as she nodded and remained sitting as he left to bring Mavra and the others to the room, but the moment they entered Arsinia stood and Mavra, for her part, raced forward and punched Arsinia on the cheek, hard enough to leave a nice bruise.
"I know deserved that," Arsinia said as the elf soon yanked her into a surprise hug as tears streamed down her face.
"You deserve more than just that you stupid, stupid, woman!" Mavra cried as Arsinia looked to her in surprise, before smiling softly and wrapping her arms around the slender body of her elven Soul Twin. They pulled away and suddenly Arsinia found Cassandra turning her to face her before hugging her to everyone's surprise then. Once all four had hugged and called Arsinia a dumbass, Rylen called for a healer who tended to Arsinia's cheek to make sure that the bruise wouldn't swell too much, granted it was left there as a shining reminder that Mavra had punched her and soon they left Griffon Wing Keep to head back to Skyhold where the Advisors and the other companions waited.
Upon their arrival, the companions, as well as Leliana and Josephine, set upon Arsinia with a vengeance, welcoming her back as well as bitching her out for her stupidity. Solas, Vivienne, and Josephine questioned Arsinia about the bruise but it only took a look in Mavra's direction for all of them to understand why and how it got there. Solas offered to fully heal it but Arsinia declined, "I deserve this symbol of shame..."
As things died down, Arsinia found herself in her room, sitting on her bed and thinking. She hadn't seen Cullen and, knowing him as she did, she figured that there was a very good reason behind why. Just as she stood, she heard a knock on her door and called out for the person to enter. Turning to see who was coming to bother her, her sight landed on Cullen and suddenly she was nervous as she wasn't sure exactly what he intended to do. "Cullen-!" Before she could get any more words out he crossed the room in a few strides, pulled her close to him and sealed her lips with his as his eyes closed. When he pulled away she began to wonder what had gotten into him.
"I..." Arsinia was lost for words as he brushed her hair out of the way of her face. before she could ask him how it knew it was safe to kiss her, he smiled.
"I trust the words of Rylen and Cassandra," then he noted the bruise on her cheek, "What happened?" he questioned being very careful to not touch it as he was sure that it was very sensitive (and he would be right as it was).
"Maybe, but I would like to be able to touch your cheek without fearing that I will hurt you worse," She said nothing as she saw his point. After he had called for a healer, had ensured that her cheek was fully healed, and the healer had left, she went to speak but he stopped her with another kiss, albeit a much gentler one. "Maker, I missed you." He whispered as they rested their foreheads together. "Don't ever leave me like that again," He pleaded with her as she entwined her fingers of her left hand with his.
"Never. I will never leave you again," She promised as their eyes met, "Because I love you," She whispered softly as his heart stopped at her admitted words.
"I love you too," he whispered as quietly as she had, only he said those words as his free hand rested on her fully healed cheek.
Arsinia and Cullen lay cuddled up on her bed after night had fallen and were smiling as they spoke with each other. Cullen was not going to let her out of his sight for a good long time and honestly, she didn't want to be out of his sight for very long anyway. She had been gone, no presumed DEAD, for a few months, and thus it was harder for them to be away from each other for even a few short moments. They somehow ended up on the topic of how she managed to return, "Honestly?" She questioned as he watched her. "All I remember seeing the scars on me from the trap, and after that its more a blur but I remember running like a madwoman towards two trees, well more like towards the area beneath their branches that were entwined and I did something I've never once done in my entire life."
"I prayed. Thought it wasn't to the god or gods of that world," She told him as he rubbed her arm, "I prayed to the Maker and Andraste." He looked to her in surprise. "That is the same look Cassandra gave me when she asked," Arsinia informed him as he chuckled. After a while, they snuggled as close as they could, and he pulled up the blanket to cover them. "I love you," She told him once more as he kissed her forehead.
"I love you too," he replied as they fell asleep snuggled together, the familiar weight of the other helping them to fall asleep and driving away any possible nightmares that either would have. The week would go by swiftly, however, the end of the week found Arsinia with Josephine for a "dress" fitting and Arsinia felt stupid until the dress that Josephine wanted her to wear was revealed, then both Arsinia and Mavra's jaws dropped at the sight. It was a rather beautiful dress and Arsinia found herself oddly wanting to try it on much to Josephine's delight. Once it was on, Arsinia was allowed to see it in the mirror and noted several things about it: for starters the color of the dress was a midnight blue-black, then she noted that it was form fitting yet allowed her to move freely, it reached to the floor but would not be in the way of the shoes she would be wearing, from the part that rested around her neck down to the rest of the dress and along the sides of it was silver trimming, yet only half of her back was revealed along with her shoulders and arms. On her arms rested silver jewelry "vines" with silver leaves with sapphire flowers that ran from her wrists around her arms, past her elbows and ended upon the area over her heart in a beautiful sapphire rose and entwined upon her exposed back and from the way the vines were, Arsinia could they were connected to the dress in some way. Then the shoes were brought out and Arsinia was pleased to see that they didn't have the heels that lots of women (both in her original world and seemingly this one too) seemed to fancy but had only a slight heel and she put them on to make sure that they would fit properly. Suddenly cursing was heard and everyone in the room turned to see Cullen rubbing the right side of his face where the door had hit him due to how stunned he had been upon seeing Arsinia and the women in the room snickered, or well Mavra, Josephine, and the Dressmaker did, Arsinia had already swiftly crossed the room in a few strides to make sure he was okay. Mavra looked to Josephine and a shared thought crossed their minds: Now they just had to make sure that Cullen matched Arsinia, but his tailored uniform would be almost completely opposite in colors. Where she would be the rich midnight blue-black, he would be a silvery grey-white with gold trimming. he would wear mostly gold with a few ruby gemstones for the buttons on his jacket. But outside of Josephine, only Cullen would see the outfit and listened as she explained the reason why and the thought appealed to him though he honestly saw no reason to look different but took it in stride. Until finally, the evening of the Masquerade came, and when Cullen saw Arsinia once more, his eyes widened. He had seen her in the dress before, but with the way her hair had been done, he felt as if this was the first time he had seen her at all. Her hair which was normally always either cut short or tied back into a ponytail was allowed to flow freely and the curls had been tamed down enough to allow her hair to be wavy and ending in a curl where it rested upon her shoulders and upon her back. Woven into her hair were a few sapphires and suddenly Cullen felt as if he was fully unworthy of her as she appeared as a goddess to his eyes. "You are..." He started after she had stopped in front of him, "I...you are so beautiful..." He told her as he felt almost unable to breathe.
"You're not half bad yourself, Commander," Arsinia told him as he smirked, "In fact, with that outfit, you appear even more like the golden lion I can imagine you being," that sent a shiver down his spine. Eventually, they were introduced to the entire court and both felt all eyes turned upon them and heard whispers as people wondered if they were seeing each other with others wondering what their children would look like if they were to have any.
Cullen was doing his best to ignore them, but the mention of children did catch his attention though he didn't really care to linger on it as having Arsinia next to him made it difficult to focus on anything but her. As the night wore on, with Cullen standing near a wall, he looked towards where Arsinia stood and noticed a young man approaching her and inwardly bristled as he watched the young man asking her for a dance. He saw the confliction on her face though she masked it quickly and agreed to the dance, as the two approached the dance floor all eyes fell upon Arsinia and this young man as they began the dance. Cullen wasn't sure what to do as she danced but all he could do was stare though he could see their lips moving as the two spoke. "Mon chéri, you are even more lovely than the night sky in all her glory."
"I doubt that very much, none can rival the majestic beauty that is the night," Arsinia told the young man who smiled with a slight laugh.
"That is where you are wrong, you have always been a goddess of the night. Especially to me, clair de lune," He said as her eyes widened a touch with a slight gasp and she studied him.
"Who are you?" She questioned as he smiled; due to the mask he wore, however, she couldn't see his face properly but she was pretty damn sure that as she met his mossy colored eyes, that she knew him from somewhere.
"Only a forgotten memory," he told her as they finished their dance and bowed to each other before he led her off the dance floor and up to the Commander, but before they reached Cullen the man lowered his voice and whispered in her ear, "Remember, Mon clair de lune, if I cannot have you then no one will have you." After that, the man gave her to Cullen who watched the man walk away.
"Yes," Arsinia nodded as she continued to watch after him, "But...I feel like I know that man from somewhere." Those words he used...Only one has ever called me them... yet who is he? Arsinia was soon brought back to the present time and spent the rest of the evening with Cullen who (after the whole reveal of the Duchess being the one who betrayed the Empress and all that fun stuff) decided that it would be wise to get her outside for some fresh air and alone time for them both, and the moment they were alone she told him about the exchange between her and the man which had him both fearing for her and becoming even more protective of her, but for the moment he decided to quell the thoughts running through both of their minds by kissing her gently.
Neither noticed that they were being watched by the young man whose gaze turned icy as he watched Arsinia and Cullen. Enjoy her while you can, Commander, Arsinia will be mine like she should have been from the beginning. Turning on his heel, the young man walked away leaving the couple behind as a plan formulated in his mind.
If you are able (aka reading on a computer or have youtube red), I highly highly recommend listening to this when "As she finally" appears in the chapter it will help with the part where Arsinia and another are speaking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ7ZGLEpSCI
"Its official, I hate balls!" Arsinia snarled as she collapsed onto Mavra's bed as the elf snickered.
"Not those kinds of balls!" Arsinia buried her face into a pillow, "UGH! There is not enough brain bleach in any world to erase that image!" She whined as Mavra busted up laughing. "I hate you!"
"That's really debatable right now," Mavra pretended to be wounded and Arsinia snickered as she gave her her usual response. they had just returned to Skyhold earlier that morning and Arsinia had been "Stolen" away from Cullen by Mavra. But as they spoke a thought crossed Arsinia's mind and suddenly a buried memory came forth completely unbidden.
"I just remembered something that I need to speak with Cullen about," Arsinia stood and left Mavra standing in the middle of the room with a frown on her face. The moment Arsinia found Cullen, the man had just sat down at his desk when she entered, "Commander," She said his title and his head snapped up to see the look on her face.
"Leave us!" He barked out as the soldiers and scouts who were in the room swiftly vanished. Once they were completely alone, Arsinia told him everything that she had suddenly remembered and he bristled. "Could he be the reason you're cursed?"
"I don't know. He could be but I don't remember if he is or not. It feels like something is blocking me from properly remembering," She told him as he let it roll around in his thoughts.
"I'd like to think that you'd be able to keep that promise, but if I know anything it's that when someone like him is obsessed over something or someone, they won't stop until they get what they want or are killed," Arsinia frowned as she went to scratch at an itch on her forehead.
"And if I have to be the one to stop him I will," Cullen told her as he approached her and wrapped his arms around her. In some way, it was a reminder that with him, she was safe and she soon wrapped her arms around his shoulders and locked her fingers behind his neck before they kissed and smiled at each other.
"What did we ever do to deserve each other?" She questioned playfully as he smirked his ungodly and infamous smirk.
A few weeks would pass with a relative calm but today, however, Arsinia was flying up the stairs to Mavra's room where a scream had sounded from only moments ago, "MAVRA!" She called out as she ended up stopping at the top of the stairs to the room only to see that a struggle had taken place as glass shards blanketed the carpet with blood splatters littered both the carpets and the walls.
"Arsinia!" Cullen and Cassandra called out as they arrived in the room only to see Arsi leaning down by a bloodstain.
Arsinia ignored them as she looked around and inhaled the scents in the room, filtering out Cullen's and Cassandra's scents she picked up on Mavra's scent and the scent of an unfamiliar, yet very familiar, person. Swiftly leaping to her feet, Arsinia head towards the stair, jumping over the railing as Cullen and Cassandra called out her name. Racing down the stairs she exited the tower, bolted through the main building, and leapt off of the stairs leading up to the main hall, shifting into wolf form just before she landed and continued to race over the ground beneath her as she followed the scents. Snarling as she tore through and over the snow, Arsinia knew she had to save her friend no matter what, even though she knew that Mavra was far from helpless. She flew over the ground, following the scents and realized that she was heading towards a lake. As she finally made it near the lake she saw what looked to be another wolf standing over Mavra's injured form, MAVRA!
So at last, you come, mon clair de lune, just like I was hoping you would. Arsinia looked to the other wolf and studied him before she met his mossy colored eyes.
Yes, mon clair de lune, Do you not remember me? He questioned with jaws open in a mockery of laughter.
Arsinia snapped her jaws shut and bared her fangs in a truly demonic snarl as the snarls escaped from between her fangs, What the hell do you want with us?!
"I don't want anything but you, Arsinia," The male wolf became a man and Arsinia as a woman, or at least that's how Cassandra and Cullen and the few others saw them when they arrived to see that Arsinia and this man were facing down while Mavra lay injured at the man's feet.
"It was I who gifted you with your true form, the form that humanity forced your lineage to hide as they embraced what should have never existed in our home.
"Now you're just spouting bullshit and you know it. Arsinia returned to wolf form and snarled once more as he stood there having returned to his.
He watched her with eyes widened in an illuminated excitement filled with delusion, But I am? I know you felt the calling of the wolf within long before you were able to return to your true form. Even now I can see how you yearn to remain a wolf.
No, you remain blinded by the guise of humanity. You seek that which never belonged to our world. Humanity is a plague brought us and many like us by those humans who escaped this world so long ago. He growled with ears folding back.
Where do you think the humans of earth originated from? It certainly wasn't on earth, Everyone listened to his delusioned ranting with slight shock. When you vanished from Earth, I looked deeper into you lineages to discover that some of your family hailed from this world and it occurred to me that you had somehow found your way back here to the heart of the infection that threatens all of Earth.
Isn't it? Look at what's happened to the elven race since that so-called "veil" was put into place, they've fallen to the humans and are dying off, just like the wolves of Earth. HUmanity is a plague, a disease I plan to cure with your aid. Together we can cleanse the infection and bring in a new age for not only this world but for Earth as well.
Arsinia's ears folded back as she snarled louder now, If you think I would join you in your delusional plan then your dumber then I originally believed you to be! Now GET AWAY FROM MAVRA! Arsinia lunged towards him as he roared out a snarl and met her halfway. As she pushed him away from Mavra and closer to the lake snarls, fangs, fur and blood went sailing through the air. Suddenly the sound of an arrow whizzing through the air caused Arsinia to leap away from the other wolf who howled in pain as the arrow pierced his side but that served to only enrage him as he looked towards the one who had shot the area and began racing towards who it was. Sera! Arsinia leapt towards the other wolf and using the advantage she had she threw him to the ground, breaking the arrow and pushing it in even further where it pierced his lung, yet he snarled and continued to fight with Arsinia drawing more and more blood from her as his fangs cut into her. When he sent her sailing through the air and rolling along the ground, she shifted back to human form and tried to stand.
"Stay away from her," Cullen's voice sounded causing Arsinia to look up and see that the other man had stupidly lunged for her only to end up impaled upon Cullen's longsword.
"Cullen...?" She questioned as he kicked the other man, who was now nothing more than a lifeless corpse, away before turning to her.
She watched him kneel down to help her up, before lifting her into his arms and looking at her with a tender and worried gaze, "Let's get both you and Mavra back to Skyhold. And leaving the body to be burned by a few scouts, Cullen carried Arsinia away while Cassandra carried Mavra.
Arsinia lay sleeping on Cullen's bed as the man stood looking her over. Her wounds had been bandaged and attended to, though a few would most likely remain as scars for the rest of her life. "How long are you going to stand there for?" She questioned as she opened her eyes.
"There's nothing to forgive, there is nothing wrong with a man looking over the love of his life," She smiled as she looked towards him, "Come on, come to bed." She smiled as she closed her eyes again.
Cullen chuckled softly, "Alright, give me a moment," he told her as he went to dress for bed and soon joined her. As they lay together they joked around, kissed and snuggled, but the moment Arsinia fell asleep a thought crossed Cullen's mind and he wondered what she would say and filed away that thought to deal with tomorrow. And that's exactly what he did the very next day, acted on the thought while she was distracted by Mavra, however, he also managed to take her away from Skyhold for a week to the lake near his hometown where they bonded even further in their relationship, then upon their return Skyhold, He received the item he had requested to be made for her and smiled as it put it into the pocket that didn't have anything in it. What he wanted to ask Arsinia would have to wait until after the war meeting, but he found that he was struggling a bit to focus and so when questioned by the women of why he was so distracted he found himself telling them the reason and swore that Josephine almost turned into a puddle of mush right where she was as Leliana and Mavra, "But I don't know what marriage traditions were like where she came from..."
"Just like the ones here," Mavra told him with a smile. Three pairs of eyes landed on her and she shrugged, "It was one of those random topics that came up when we were talking one day. Most of the traditions from her world are about the same as they are here, proposing though is what she would call a "wild card" as that would vary depending on the person. Just don't drop to one knee and propose, that's the one thing she doesn't like about it."
"Take her by surprise, propose to her when she least expects it." Mavra encouraged him as she dismissed the advisors, "Which I would say that now is the time as I'm sure she's standing on the battlements looking up at the night sky." When Cullen went to go find Arsinia she was right where she was usually known to haunt on the battlement and was doing exactly what Mavra said she would likely be doing.
"I was just looking for you," He smiled as she returned it as he placed a hand on her side and kissed her. They spoke for a few moments then he smirked as he reached into his pocket to remove the item he had put in it a few hours ago. "Arsi?"
Arsinia took a moment to remember to breath, but her answer came out in a breathless manner anyway, "Yes!" The moment the ring was put on, it was forgotten just as quickly as she wrapped her arms around him with happy tears coming from her eyes, and just as one of the moons began to rise, they kissed tenderly while Mavra and Cassandra smiled at each other where they watched this exchange from the balcony of Mavra's room, but the other Companions found out later with Bull being the first to know.
Arsinia frowned as she sat perched on the battlements between the Mage’s tower and the main hall. Something was nagging at her but she wasn’t sure what it was outside of her own doubts and those were screaming loud and clear in her thoughts as they made the ruckus that was giving her a headache. When she had awoken that morning after having been snuggled up to her future husband, any thoughts that what he had asked her the night before had been nothing more then a dream had vanished the moment she had seen the ring. But at this moment, Arsinia’s inner demons were nagging at her and trying to fill her heart with doubts she knew where not true. Deciding that sitting out in the sun was doing her no good she went seek some company and found it in the tavern where Bull spotted her from where he was sitting. Motioning for her to come sit by him he studied her with his one eye and smiled, “So the little wolf has found her life-mate it seems?” He looked at the ring on her finger.
“Yeah I did, but I don’t think it was so much as me finding him as him finding me,” Arsinia smiled briefly before her face dropped.
“Hey, sweety what wrong?” When it came to the relationship between Arsinia and Bull, they treated each other more like an uncle would his niece and just like a caring uncle, Bull knew when something was bothering Arsinia.
“I just... I guess my figurative demons are plaguing me again...” she trailed off as he studied her. “They’ve seemed to come back with a vengeance and are hurting me where they know best.”
“Yeah...I just...what if I’m not good enough for him? What if I can’t do all the normal things with him that other couples can?” She had a whole list of “what-ifs” floating around in her mind and Bull could sense them all.
“You’re good enough for him, sweetheart,” Bull started as she looked up at him. “So what if you two can’t do the normal things that other couples can? You two then find your own way to do things. You two are perfect for each other. Yeah, you two have your little spats here and there about things, that's normal in any relationship as is having arguments, but you two aren’t a normal couple. He’s the Commander and you’re a wolf both literally and figuratively.” Bull smiled at her as she looked away, “look at me,” he told her as she did. “Beat those demons back and tell them to fuck off.” He smiled as he called for a drink, “but also talk to him about them, he’s going to be your husband for the rest of your natural lives. You’ve helped him with his demons, let him return the favor.” He reached up and rubbed her head with a smirk. “Now stop moping and enjoy some time with your Uncle Bull! We need to celebrate your engagement after all!” Arsinia laughed at his antics and agreed to one drink, which somehow turned into five or six (she couldn’t remember as the shit Bull drank was rather strong) and she soon found someone carrying her out of the tavern, damn near passed out in their arms, when she suddenly began feeling unwell.
“Oh shit...” she groaned as the person set her down and pulled her hair back while she emptied the contents of her stomach, rather violently too. By the time her stomach was completely empty, she could almost understand the person’s voice and identified it as Cullen.
“Let me know if I need to stop again,” he told her as he carefully lifted her up to carry her to their now shared room above his office. Thankfully the rest of the way there went without incident but that wasn't to say that she wasn't miserable, thus Cullen decided to pull an all-nighter to ensure that she would wake in the morning with just a hangover and she did.
“You say that now,” He watched as she shot him a look so foul that it would turn the color black to white. “I’m just saying how I see it, love.”
“Go fuck yourself,” Arsinia grumbled into the pillow as she realized that the light of the sun wasn’t really helping her situation of having one hell of a hangover. Cullen shook his head before retrieving something he kept just in case something like this would happen.
“Drink this, love, it will help with the hangover,” Cullen prepared the vial of whatever was in it as she begrudgingly sat up, flinching as the bright light slammed into her eyes causing a nasty headache to rise, and looked towards him to take whatever it was from him and drank some of it, only to gag on the taste.
“Tastes worse than the smell of horse piss!” She growled as she squeezed her eyes tight and held it away from herself. “Get this damn thing away from me!” She grumbled as he took it back and corked the vial while she tried to not think about why it tasted suddenly like vomit in the back of her throat. Cullen handed over something to mask the taste and she was very grateful to find out that it was water. Before she knew what was happening he was pulling her down to cuddle close to him and wondered what had gotten into him.
“Bull told me about your “figurative” demons,” He started as she squeezed her eyes tight once more. “What’s going on Arsi?”
“Probably too much for my own good,” she whimpered into his shirt as they cuddled. “I just have this nagging feeling something bad is soon to happen but I can’t say what and it’s led me down the path of overthinking things again.”
“Again?” Cullen shot her a worried look but her head was turned away from him so he couldn’t see her facial expression.
“It’s not something I’m willing to talk about...” she trailed off as she tried to fight off some dark memories that she really didn’t want to think about, though the sudden throbbing sensation on her shoulder told her that she would never truly be able to forget. “At least...not right now...”
If it was one thing Cullen hated seeing, it was a woman who was being troubled by something and damn near tears because of it, and Arsinia was no exception. If anything, it upset him, even more, to know that there was something in her past that was so bad that she feared to talk about it. “I can wait until you're ready to talk about it, my love. I won’t push the matter, but I will always be here when you feel that you’re ready to tell me.”
“I know and thank you,” Arsinia looked to him then as he gave her a tender smile before kissing her.
Later in the day would find Arsinia, in wolf form, cuddled up to Mavra as the elven woman cried. They had received word that despite the best efforts on the parts of the Advisors, Mavra's clan had been slaughtered mercilessly and now Arsinia was laying on the floor, with Mavra's head buried into her fur. Mavra, for her part, had snuggled up to Arsinia only after ranting and raving about those who had killed her clan and of course stating that it was not the fault of anyone that her clan had died, but Arsinia had said nothing as she watched the sobbing woman. No Arsinia had allowed Mavra to get it all off her chest and lay with her head up and facing the elf. "What do I do now," Mavra sniffled as Arsinia watched her. "I feel like...I have no family left..."
That's not true, Arsinia spoke as she opened her mouth a bit, you still have a family. Look at your companions, advisors, all of the Inquisition and, though the connection our souls share, me. Yes, you may not have your clan anymore, but you still have all of us.
"I...guess your right...it's just...I loved the members of my clan...we were just one small happy family despite the fact that we were always on the move." Mavra sniffled again as Arsinia nuzzled the area over her heart.
Those we've loved and lost never truly die, not so long as we carry and cherish the memories we have of them.
Because I do...She trailed away as the two remained in that position with Mavra's forehead resting on Arsinia's head, with the elven woman's hands on the furred cheeks that belonged to Arsinia.
This chapter has been, by far, the most troublesome of all chapters I've ever written as I feel that I cannot, to save my life, write a smutty chapter...but I like to please my audience so it's for all of you, enjoy whatever this chapter has turned out to be because I've lost all control (if I ever had any) of my OC and this story. *slinks away grumbling something about how she surely sucks at writing chapters like this*
A few days later found Arsinia perched on Cullen's desk reading some papers over as the man stood by his bookshelves and, instead of looking for the book he needed, he was looking her over. He had noticed that, while yes they were soon to be married, since they had been together, neither of them had pushed for any other physical contact they what they already did with their kisses, hugs, hand-holding, holding each other close and cuddling up together at night. And while he was perfectly fine with that, seeing her sitting on his desk put a whole new level of thoughts to his mind like how she would look while he fucked her senseless on it and many more. "You're doing it again," She said snapping him out of his thoughts.
"There's nothing to forgive," She smiled before setting the papers in her hands down to stand and walk over to him. "I'm pretty sure this is just a wild guess but the thoughts you are having are very natural," She told him as she touched his cheek. Cullen smiled at her, no matter how short the amount of time that he had known her, Cullen couldn't help but feel so much love for her. She never rushed him into anything, always helped him with his reports unless she was out and about with Mavra, gave him some space when it was needed, but also checked up on him and kept an eye on his health. In turn, he did the same for her minus the reports part. "You are the one setting the pace Cullen," She reminded him softly as she kissed him and it took every ounce of his willpower to not turn that kiss into something more, especially after the thoughts he had just had. But after a while, as night drew closer, he began finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate on anything but Arsinia and the things he was sure he could do to her. He remained busy though, or at least he tried to until she came back into his office and stood near the door, watching him in his element, before she walked over to the scout who was seemingly always present. Speaking with the scout, Arsinia handed some papers over, whispered something to the woman who nodded in response before she left, shutting the door behind her while Arsinia turned to see Cullen having dismissed his soldiers for the night. "You didn't have to do that," She told him as he turned to her.
"It's was about time anyway," he told her softly as he approached her and kissed her. "Where did you send the scout off to?"
"To deliver a letter and dismiss her for the night," She told him as he kissed her forehead before kissing her nose and lips, but soon released her so he could finish up a few things and she once more perched herself on his desk. They spoke little but soon Cullen looked up at her with wonder and doubt as he tried to figure out just why she was the way she was with him.
"I just...don't understand why...why you'd want someone like me," he started as he refused to look at her.
Studying him for a moment, Arsinia tried to figure out what he meant but soon it struck her and she smiled softly. It was her turn to banish some mental demons, in return for all the times he had banished hers with gentle words and tender caresses. Reaching out a hand, she grabbed his attention, "Come here," She told him softly as he looked at her but did as bid while her fingers entwined with his. "Cullen, for as long as I have lived, which is a whole twenty-some years, I have wanted one thing and that one thing is what you have given me since this whole thing started: someone who cares about me as a person," She told him as he came to a stop between her legs. "You've been there with me since you found me caught in that poacher's trap. You were the first to recognize that I was a human and not just another wolf. You have been nothing but kind to me and that is a debt that no matter how long I live, I will never be able to repay. I was able to come back to Thedas because of you." She smiled up at him as blue eyes met molten gold ones. "If I was given the offer to trade you for the ability to have anything I wanted in any world, I wouldn't take it," She could see that his doubts were slowly fading away and she continued to speak, "You are one of the strongest men I know, Cullen," She looked towards their hands and he did the same. "I may be the Soul Twin to Mavra, but YOU are my Twin Flame. The part of me that I was always missing. The part of me that I will always find no matter what or where life throws at us or takes us. I will love you in the way that I can love no other," She looked back up at him and she saw the doubt turning into just a shadow of what it was.
"Cullen, if I had any doubts about you or how I see you, I wouldn't have said yes to marrying you. But I have no doubts, I know you are a good man, with a kind heart to match and I love you no matter what." She told him as she freed their hands from each other and reached up to hold both of his cheeks in her hands before she kissed him. "I love you, Cullen." She said as she pulled away leaving him wanting more. He drew closer to her, or well as close as he could with the desk in the way, and claimed her lips once more, though this time it was needier than any other kiss they had shared. Arsinia was forced to balance herself with a hand and accidentally knocked over an empty bottle, causing it to shatter as they both turned to it. "Shit," she growled low before turning back to him to see him shake his head and suddenly become the cause of a flurry of papers, other bottles that shattered upon crashing to the floor, and a tankard that went clattering before rolling to a stop due to its handle. Once more he claimed her lips, then encouraged her to lay down on his cleared off desk before climbing up and carefully pinned her to it as he laid down almost literally on top of her. She felt his armor biting into her but all she could focus on was the fact that she had an ex-Templar who was not only kissing and nipping at her, but also running his hand the length of her side. She bit her lower lips as he nipped at her exposed throat and felt a shiver run down her spine as she tried to prevent herself from moaning at his caresses. "Cullen," She whimpered as he barely contained a growl. Suddenly he left her alone, to ensure that all the doors were locked, before he returned to her, making sure to remove his armor and gloves in the process; once more he climbed onto the desk, pinning her blow him as he settled between her legs where she became fully aware of how aroused he was. Kissing her over and over the hand he wasn’t using to help hold himself up, trailed along her body leaving what she could only describe as fire in its wake. Moaning at how sweet his touch was she tried to squirm but he held her firmly in place, “Cullen...please...” she whimpered once more as he growled low before whispering in her ear.
“Say my name again, I love it when you say my name.” He told her as she obliged his whim causing him to groan softly as he hardened further. His hand found where her shirt met her pants and somehow managed to slide under both her pants and her smalls to barely touch her and feel just how badly she wanted him. “Maker! We’ve only just started and already your so wet...” Cullen could help but feel a bit smug at the fact that he was the cause of how wet she was. For a moment he teased her, parting her lips to wetten his finger before he pushed it into her causing her to gasp. He toyed with her for a few moments before suddenly pulling away causing her to whine in disappointment. But soon he found himself all but tearing off her clothing as he undressed her and shivered as he realized that her milky skin was just as beautiful as he believed her to be. Running his hands along her perfect breasts, he took one into his mouth and suckled at it while she begged him for more as one of his hands kneaded at her other breast while his free hand returned to her lower area and began to move his fingers slowly in and out of her again.
“Cull...” she was struggling for words, signaling that she was drawing close to her climax, but still he continued with his ministrations, “Cullen...I...” his fingers began to move faster and harder. “Cullen...” she was saying his name over and over now. Soon enough he found the pace that he knew she would thoroughly enjoy and found himself correct as he drove his hand faster and harder into her. “Cullen...I...need to...” she was pleading with him now and her voice as she begged him to allow her to finish, drove him even crazier for her body. He pulled away from her breasts and her lower half, causing her to growl in frustration but she was soon silenced as he separated her legs and began to lick at her as his fingers returned to her as well. “Oh gods!” She moaned as he felt his smugness return. Soon he hit her in that singular spot that drove her straight into her climax and she screamed his name. He lapped at her nectar as if he were a starved man, and slowly helped ease her back into her self before he pulled away to kiss up along her body and reached her mouth where she could taste herself upon his lips.
Pulling away for a moment his own shirt, pants and underclothing went flying to his chair and pinned her underneathing him once more as they began to kiss each other deeply. “Please let me...” he whispered as she kissed him.
“I’m not stopping you. I want you in me,Cullen, I want to feel you-!” she gasped as he claimed her lips while he slowly slid into her. He watched her for any signs of discomfort, and once he was fully sheathed, he felt her hands almost clawing into his shoulders as he struggled to remain still to allow her to adjust to him. He felt her tighten around him and groaned before he began moving, slowly at first, then going faster as they continued to claim each other’s lips. Eventually they pulled their mouths away from each other as he nuzzled into her neck and suddenly began to bite her as he felt the need to claim her overcoming him. If she made any protests to it, he wasn’t aware of it due to the fact that he was now very acutely aware of her teeth on his shoulder while her fingers clawed into his exposed back.
With each thrust, he felt both himself and her drawing ever closer to the looming climax and suddenly she clentched tightly around him as she bit down onto his shoulder, hard enough to somehow pierce skin and draw blood before she pulled away once more screaming his name as he thrust once more into her and followed her with his own end, sending his seed deep into her awaiting womb. He roared out her name after biting her in a claim, and soon found himself shaking as his arms barely managed to hold him above her. He opened his eyes and soon met hers, some part of him knew that that was only the beginning and that this night would end with them in their bed with energy spent. And that’s exactly what happened.
Arsinia was sore as could be when she woke the next morning but in her mind it was well worth it, especially considering she woke up next to a ruggedly handsome ex-Templar whose hair was in disarray because her fingers had messed it up. She was used to seeing his mess of curls in the morning, but there was something special about knowing that she was the cause of the mess he had to deal with before he could style it back to how it was normally seen by everyone else. Closing her eyes for a few more moments, she knew she needed to get up and prepare for the day but she was finding herself rather reluctant and very comfortable right where she was. She felt his arm tighten around her a shade and, smiling, she snuggled closer but when she was just about to drop off the edge and fall back into sleep, Cullen started breathing heavily. Opening her eyes she sat up and gently touched his cheek, "You're safe, my lion," She whispered tenderly not knowing that her voice was cutting through his nightmare, "It's just a dream, the demons have no power over you." She reminded him as he awoke to see her sitting there with the ever family gentle smile he was used to seeing when he startled awake from nightmares. "Good morning," she continued to smile as he looked into her eyes to see the insurmountable level of love she held there for him.
He couldn't help but smile at her in return, "Morning," He replied as she leaned forward to kiss him. He pulled her close to him and she smiled.
"Cullen," She laughed as he nuzzled her, "As much as I would love to stay in bed with you all day like this, you have work to get to."
"Don't remind me," He mumbled as she smiled and kissed him. But eventually he did let her up, however reluctantly it was, and soon both dressed in their usual outfits for the day. Every day for the next two months this pattern between them continued, or it did until she started feeling ill one day out of the blue, after a few days the sensation passed but she did worry about it and thus sought out a healer who dropped a major bombshell on her that both thrilled and worried her. Thrilled because she had never thought it possible, and worried because she wasn't sure how Cullen would react to the news especially with the march to the Arbor Wilds only a few weeks away. As she walked towards Cullen's office, she all but ran right smack into Rylen who barely managed to catch her in time. As they talked about why she was almost absentmindedly walking to where the Commander was, Rylen smiled as she admitted to him of how unsure she was of how Cullen would react to the news she carried with her.
"Tell him anyway, if anything with the way he cares and loves you, I wouldn't be surprised if it gave that man twice the reason to return to you," Rylen told her before walking away as she watched after him. Looking towards Cullen's office she bit her lip, but she also knew that Rylen was right.
Walking into Cullen's office, she looked to see the man grumbled something and glanced to the scout who was trying not to laugh. "I know Sera was in here and when I find out what she's done, I will...do...something back."
"Of course Ser," the scout replied as Arsinia struggled to contain her own laughter and had to place a hand over her mouth to keep quiet before Arsinia regain her composure.
"If that issue goes by the name of Sera, then yes. I know she was in here, but I don't know what she did."
I do, Arsinia thought but kept that thought to herself as Rylen came walking in to lean up against the wall, as casually as possible. He's trying too hard, She looked back to Cullen who was frowning at his second.
Arsinia sighed, "To what I have to tell you. Which I better do now or I'm sure the Knight-Captain will hound me until I do." Rylen only smirked at her in return. "Ass."
"Nothing bad I promise, though knowing you as I do, you will want me to stay here instead of going to the Wilds," She started as Cullen felt fear trying to grip him. The moment she told him what she had learned from the healer though, his mind shut down as he let the words roll around in his mind, "Cullen?" She questioned warily before he mentally shook himself and rushed over to her to kiss and embrace her while being careful.
"When? How long?" he questioned as she smiled and touched his cheeks as she saw tears of joy in his eyes.
"Just started on the third month, my lion," She replied as Rylen and the scout both chanced a look at each other with smirks on their faces.
Of course, the news that Arsinia was with child spread like wildfire among the Inner Circle, but the one who was most excited about it outside of Cullen and Arsinia was Mavra, who could barely contain her excitement. But she was also in agreement with Cullen and Arsinia's thoughts, the next few months were crucial for the health of the child and thus Arsinia was to remain in Skyhold while they marched towards the battle that would soon happen in the Arbor Wilds. But even though Cullen had left her to join in on the battle, Arsinia couldn't help but worry for all of them. Even after Cullen and Josephine returned, with Mavra and her little group having returned ahead of time through a strange mirror that Arsinia wanted nothing to do with, she continued to worry and rightly so as not long after, only a few weeks later the one who called himself Corypheus ripped open the sky once more. "The fuck is he doing back there?!" Arsinia questioned as the others in the war room saw a new "breach" open in the direction of what used to be Haven. Mavra frowned before she tore out of the room to gather her companions and Arsinia remained behind once more while Mavra went to end this grudge match once and for all, but it would be Mavra who would return in victory much to the relief of the Advisors and Arsinia.
Two years would pass rather quietly and would also find Arsinia and Cullen with a two-year-old rambunctious little boy, and a little girl who was only a year old and both kept their parents and their "Aunt" Mavra and "Aunt" Josephine on their toes. "Adrian Stanton Rutherford!" Arsinia called out as she held her daughter on her hip, one arm wrapped around the little girl who had a mop of beautiful blonde curly hair growing from her hair. Cullen turned to see Arsinia as she stood there waiting for their son and shook his head. Despite sharing the same middle and last names as his father, Adrian was truly more like his mother and Cullen swore the boy did things just to get a rise out of the woman. He watched as their daughter giggled and moved around almost causing Arsinia to lose her balance, "Celestia, please sit still while mommy's holding you, pup." Arsinia asked of the little one who giggled again before Cullen came over to take Celestia from her mother. Mavra came walking up with their son in tow and was grinning.
"You know I just realized something about your names," The elven woman shook her head as Cullen lead the boy away to prepare for a bath.
"I will hurt you," Arsinia smiled as Mavra laughed. "Ugh... I am not looking forward to going back to the Winter Palace."
Arsinia shook her head, "Now that will be one we have no choice but to wait for. Though if I had a guess, I would say no. Even at a year old, she's too much like her father though any children she may have in the far-flung future might be. For now let's worry about the bullshit we have coming up with the Exalted Council."
Arsinia snarled as she slaughtered an enemy Qunari before she rejoined Mavra, Cassandra, Bull, and Dorian. What the in the living hell has gotten into them? She questioned as Mavra looked to her as her mark flared, causing the elf to cry out as she fell to the ground, MAVRA! Arsinia leapt over the woman and tackled another Qunari warrior to the ground before tearing out his throat. Mav! Are you alright?! Arsinia whined as the elven woman tried to control the mark.
"I'll be...fine..." Mavra managed to grit out from between her clenched jaws while Cassandra looked on with worry prominent in her own eyes. Since the mark had made it known in the makeshift war room, every one of the inner circle had come to discover that it had grown quite unstable and was now killing Mavra the longer it was left upon her. But Mavra didn't care about it since they had also discovered that there was a band of Qunari who were trying to destroy basically everything and thus Arsinia had joined her Soul Twin on this possibly last adventure they would share together. They continued on as the last Qunari was killed and found themselves in a huge room with a dragon, and after speaking with someone Arsinia could care less about Mavra looked to see the dragon was preparing to attack them. "OH for fucks-!"
The levers! Arsinia pointed out as everyone looked around, I'll distract her, you all get the levers turned and see if we can't get her out of here! With that Arsina began to distract the dragon, leaving Mavra and the others free to try and find a way to free the beast. A yelp sounded from Arsinia as the dragon clawed at her, leaving three long and bleeding wounds but still she managed to keep up the distraction. Once the dragon was free, they raced off to chase after the Qunari but the chase ended with Mavra and Arsinia disappearing into the nearby mirror, or rather Eluvian as Arsinia had been informed of it being called, and the others were forced to wait for the two to return to them. What Arsinia and Mavra came to discover from the missing Solas and neither like what he was planning. But what he said to Arsinia while he was walking away after freeing Mavra from the mark, caused her to frown as she stood next to her friend. Arsinia made a note in her mind to speak with Cullen about it but for the time being, she aided Mavra in returning to the others.
Hours later, word reached Arsinia and the others of Mavra's choice to disband the inquisition and after their children were put to bed, Arsinia and Cullen spoke well into the nighttime hours. "What does that mean for you?" Cullen asked quietly knowing that right now Arsinia was in a very sour mood.
"If Solas is to be believed it means that I will outlive you. You will grow old and die but I will not," Arsinia told him as she sat with her thumbs resting against her forehead. "He has also stated that this damned curse or whatever the hell it is, has spread to our children and will continue to fester within the bloodline we have created," Arsinia growled low. Cullen looked over to where she was sitting and frowned, "It seems that I cannot escape this fucking thing if I tried," She snarled for a moment, "And now I've spread the damn thing to our children who will most likely spread it to theirs." Cullen watched Arsinia with pain in his eyes, "I've fucked with your bloodline, Cullen, and there's no way to reverse it," Arsinia buried her face into her hands now. Cullen saw how close she was to just breaking down and was immediately over by her.
"You didn't Arsinia," he told her as he knelt down in front of her forcing her to look at him as he carefully took her hands into his. "Whatever happens, we will teach our children that what is flowing through their veins is a gift. We can turn this curse into something good and should one or both end up being able to become wolves, well they have a mother who can help them learn how to use it to protect the people."
Cullen smiled, "I don't know, but I do know one thing: I love you and nothing will ever change that. Even if I do grow old and one day die, at least I will have a beautiful woman there to care for me."
Arsinia couldn't help but laugh at that, "Even under the guise of being a father, an ex-Templar and a former Commander, you are still a male, good to know." She watched him smirk, "you and that ungodly smirk of yours!"
He chuckled now, "It still works," he told her as they kissed before they decidedly went to bed to attempt to get some sleep or well would have if Cullen hadn't been aroused by the fact that he would enjoy watching her even if he did age. Of course like the last time, that night would end up with her conceiving once more, this time though? She would bare him twins and both were boys.
"Where in the Maker's bloody name is your father or your brothers for that matter?" Arsinia walked into the kitchen of the house she and Cullen now owned as her only daughter looked up from the reports she was reading.
"The last I saw of Father, he was speaking with Aunt Cassandra and Aunt Mavra about something to do with the latest batch of Templars who came to free themselves of Lyrium addiction. As for my idiot brothers, well I am sure Adrian floating around here somewhere as he's taken a fancy to the daughter of one of the older Templars, as for Marcus and Jr. well I have no clue about them," The young woman frowned as she looked up towards her mother who sighed.
"Of course mother," Celestia nodded as Arsinia walked out of the house. Watching the older woman, Celestia smiled as she remembered that unlike her brothers who had the ability to switch between wolf form and human one, her mother had given up the wolf form altogether and was now aging like a normal human. In the twenty-oneish years of her life, Celestia had always been told how much like her father she was and, proving she really was, Celestia had taken up an interest in the Templar Order much to her father's dismay. Thankfully for all of them, Cassandra had swept her away from Templar training and had, instead, trained Celestia as a Seeker. Celestia, for her part, had swiftly risen through the ranks and was now sitting down reading reports that had been filed by other Seekers at her parent's kitchen table. After checking on the stew, Celestia returned to the table as her eldest brother came walking in, "Mother was looking for you," Celestia said without once looking up from a report.
"I didn't bother to ask, I have reports that I need to look over after all," Celestia told him as Adrian sighed.
"Ever since you became a Seeker you've been no fun at all," He frowned before snatching up an apple and walking outside, while she continued to focus on her work.
Soon enough the youngest two, Marcus and Cullen Rutherford Jr. (who was the one that was truthfully the spitting image of his father), came into the house with everyone else in tow. "Celestia put away the reports," Her father spoke up as she looked towards the man who had sired her.
"Yes, Father." She smiled as she meticulously gathered up her reports and put them away where they would not be disturbed.
But later that night, after everyone went to bed, Arsinia and Cullen found themselves in the "sitting" room and were sitting in front of the fire, with the now old Mabari hound Cullen had found years ago laying before the heat of the fire. "It's almost hard to believe," Cullen started as Arsinia looked to him.
"What is, my lion?" She asked quietly as he looked at her. Despite the fact that both had aged, rather gracefully, they still somehow retained their youthfulness in some small semblance.
"Twenty-four if you count the two years that it took to defeat Corypheus," Arsinia told him as she reached over for his hand which he gave to her. As he studied his beloved he noted that to where his blonde hair had turned a bright white her's had become a beautiful silver that shimmered in the light of the fire. "And every moment of this crazy wild ride, we've been together." She turned to him and smiled.
"I wouldn't trade it for the world," he smiled in return leaning forward to kiss the knuckles of her hand as she nodded her agreement. He watched as her blue eyes sparkled and squeezed her hand in his. They had defeated Corypheus, had foiled the plans of a Qunari Invasion, had discovered Solas's plan and had stopped him, and now as they aged together into their twilight years, they came to realize that the only adventures left for them, were the adventures of one day being grandparents while also being known only to their family as the pair who had turned a curse that had once claimed Arsinia into a gift to be used to protect the people of Thedas wherever their bloodline would spread.
"Nor would I, my lion," Arsinia leaned forward and kissed him and he returned it. "We've had our fill of grand adventures and I believe that we have earned this quiet epilogue to our story as we enter into that age where it's our turn to spoil whatever grandchildren may come."
He nodded his agreement as they returned their gazes to the fire, "so do I," and with those words, they spent several more moments in front of the fire before they went to snuggle close in their bed that night. With the acceptance that they were beyond their youthful endeavors, they relaxed into their calm and quiet life of aiding Templars who wished to free themselves of lyrium addition as well as into being ready for grandchildren.
This item is not available online due to copyright restrictions. You can sign in and order a high resolution digital copy for personal research (£) or view at the office free of charge.
Photograph of Mrs Ogwen Griffiths cutting the cake at the centenary of the building of the first Welsh independent chapel at Queen Street, RhylPPD/122/20
Photograph of Copy photograph of Homan, Hairdresser and Tabacconist with three men and one boy dressed in overalls standing outside the shop n.d. [c.1900]PPD/122/56
Benny Chan to receive 2018 Julius Shulman Institute Excellence in Photography Award - Archpaper.com Benny Chan to receive 2018 Julius Shulman Institute Excellence in Photography Award
Benny Chan to receive 2018 Julius Shulman Institute Excellence in Photography Award (Benny Chan/Fotoworks)
The Julius Shulman Institute (JSI) at Woodbury University has named Benny Chan as the 2018 recipient of the Julius Shulman Institute Excellence in Photography Award.
Chan’s work is well-known to AN readers, as he is among one of the favored photographers for Los Angeles-area architects. In recent years, Chan has photographed projects designed by John Friedman Alice Kimm Architects, Shimoda Design Group, Neil M. Denari Architecture (NMDA), Standard Architecture, Belzberg Architects, and Johnson Favaro, among many others.
Chan, a Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-Arc) graduate, also maintains an art photography practice that compliments his architectural photography work. After graduating from SCI-Arc in 1992, Chan worked for NMDA and SOM before deciding to go all-in on photography. Chan, who grew up in Hong Kong—“there’s nothing there but buildings,” he explained—was drawn to photography after a stint spent traveling and photographing buildings abroad. Loathe to return to the “really, really dry” routine of everyday practice, he instead set out to help architects capture and propograte their work via photography. In the over 25 years since, Chan has built a reputation for bold and honest representations of Los Angeles architecture and the city’s human-made landscapes.
A press release describes Chan’s straightforward and technically-precise work as constituting an “assembly manual for Los Angeles,” a comparison that will shine through in an exhibition that will go on display at Woodbury’s WUHO Gallery in Hollywood starting May 12. The exhibition, titled Above and Behind: The Architectural Photography of Benny Chan, will showcase photographs taken of some of the region’s most important new buildings while under construction. The works, abstract and looming, are drawn from Chan’s art practice, not the polished photos of finished architectural works we are used to seeing. Regarding his focus on in-process architecture, Chan said, “[Construction represents] a unique moment in a building’s life—It’ll never look like that again,” adding, “I see these shots as more like sports photography than architectural photography.”
Describing Chan’s virtuosity and technical focus, architect Barbara Bestor, principal of Bestor Architecture and director of JSI said, “He builds his own cameras, reframes the act of construction as worthy of portraiture, and has a mad scientist/photo studio-as-laboratory where he crafts images as small as X-rays of his own cameras and as large as wide views of urban neighborhoods shot from a helicopter in his home made camera rigs!”
Previous JSI Excellence in Photography Award honorees include: Helene Binet, Iwan Baan, James Welling, and Catherine Opie.
Just before MAS's Board of Directors recently dismissed of President Gina Pollara, The City Club of New York, which describes its members as "long time members and supporters of MAS," urged the organization to defer any action and consider alternatives. The City Club has just issued a second statement:
Dear Members and Friends, Our advocacy has usually related to actions of the City or State. We detoured briefly, and to a limited extent, at the end of December to address a critical action being taken by the Municipal Art Society. For the fourth time in approximately six years, the MAS is changing leadership. This time, at a meeting called for December 29 on a week’s notice, the MAS board approved hiring a new President to replace Gina Pollara. Gina had assumed that position in early 2016. She brought to the job her professional expertise as an architect, and recent administrative experience as executive director of the Roosevelt Memorial on Roosevelt Island. More than that, she seized upon MAS’s apparently recovered will to engage in its traditional advocacy function. She conducted a series of public policy forums. She worked to promote better governance of privately owned public spaces. She spoke out in support of the City Club’s position on Pier 55. She participated in meetings of the City Club’s Urban Design Committee. And we participated with her on MAS projects. In short, she generated a sense of institutional revival and a spirit of cooperation that the City Club warmly welcomed. The day before the MAS acted, the City Club took the unusual step—one we would not regard as a precedent to be followed routinely—of emailing the entire MAS board to express our concern over its impending action to remove Gina. We felt that precipitate and ill-considered action would set back the MAS’s ability to continue the progress that it had recently begun. In an announcement the MAS board published almost immediately after its meeting, the board said that it had hired Elizabeth Goldstein and described Ms. Goldstein‘s estimable credentials especially in the field of park conservation. We certainly wish her well. While we have appreciated Gina personally as a shining light in the MAS’s recent history, our motivation in writing to the MAS board was institutional. The MAS has a long and highly productive history and we, like the public in general, have a big stake in the MAS’s future. Two articles of The Architect’s Newspaper can be found here:
https://archpaper.com/2016/12/pollara-fired-mas/ https://archpaper.com/2016/12/city-club-responds-mas-boards-special-leadership-meeting/These contain verbatim transcripts of our letter to the MAS board, and of the board’s announcement. The New York Times covered the action in an article on January 7 available at http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/06/arts/design/municipal-art-society-abruptly-ousts-its-president.htmlBest wishes for the new year.
This is usually a slow week for journalism but the tussle at the The Municipal Art Society of New York over the fate of its President Gina Pollara is heating up. We reported two days ago that the board of directors of the Society were meeting on Thursday, December 29 to discuss relieving Pollara of her position, but now there seems to be push back against the board's move. A call for a meeting of MAS membership to discuss the situation is being organized and today the City Club of New York, another long-time “good government” organization has issued a public letter to the MAS Board. It calls for the board to “defer any action with regard to Gina Pollara at your special board meeting” as it would be an “unhappy step backward and a display of internal governance disarray at MAS.” Here is a full transcript of the City Club letter signed by Michael Gruen: The original letter can be seen here. December 27, 2016 Mr. Frederick Iseman Chairman, Municipal Art Society Mr. Iseman: The City Club of New York is troubled to learn that the Municipal Art Society is considering the dismissal of its president, Gina Pollara. As long time members and supporters of MAS, we have enjoyed the fresh spirit she has brought to the organization’s work. She has displayed a creative, focused, and energetic approach to her position, and has inserted MAS into the public discourse on the crucial issues facing our city. As a result, the organization has resumed its rightful position as a leading voice in issues of design, planning, historic preservation, and the public realm. We urge you to defer any action with regard to President Gina Pollara at your special board meeting scheduled for December 29, 2016. To move forward with this action would be an unhappy step backward and a display of internal governance disarray at MAS. Such a decision would be a disservice to the citizens of New York and to MAS itself. With all due deference, we suggest you consider an independent review of governance and management structure, accepting one of the following alternatives to pursue: a. Appointment of a balanced committee of emeritus directors. b. Retention of an outside professional consultant (such as McKinsey). c. Consultation with an experienced non-profit organization professional. We do understand it is unusual for one organization to involve itself in the internal affairs of another, but we believe the importance of MAS to the city and the negative impact of what is being proposed are of such magnitude as to override the usual organizational niceties. A strong, united, focused, and forceful MAS, exercising its appropriate leadership role in city affairs, is essential. And that public purpose is too important to be subjected to a rushed holiday week telephonic process. Ms. Pollara deserves better. MAS deserves better. The City of New York deserves better. Yours truly, Michael Gruen, President
Architect, author, and urban designer Gina Pollara, has been appointed President of The Municipal Art Society (MAS). Frederick Iseman, Chairman of the MAS Board of Directors announced that the move will take effect immediately. Pollara is best known for overseeing construction of Louis Kahn's memorial to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, when she was executive director of Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park. The project was completed in October 2012, although it lay dormant for decades after Kahn's death in 1974. “We are deeply pleased to name Gina Pollara our next President after a long and thorough hunt for a suitable leader,” said Iseman. “She is dynamic, our issues run through her veins, she is respected throughout the city as a doer, an entrepreneur, and as a force for the improvement of civic life. She is also known for being effective, exigent, hell-bent on results and a lot of fun to work with. I look forward to working with her on the many challenges that all five boroughs of this city face. She will be a fiery spark-plug working with the capable members of our board.” “I’m profoundly honored to join The Municipal Art Society, an organization that continues to be one of the most important civic voices in the city that advocates for design and planning excellence. I am particularly excited to be leading MAS as it prepares to celebrate its 125th anniversary in 2018,” Pollara said. “I look forward to working with our current partners and to developing new alliances as MAS continues to advance so many of the issues that are vital to the city’s future.”
Consensus among the city's political players is growing in favor of the relocation of Madison Square Garden from its home atop Penn Station. Yesterday, City Council held a public hearing to discuss the future of the Garden and the overcrowded train terminal. Filmmaker Spike Lee, surrounded by an entourage of former Knicks players, testified on behalf of the Garden. According to the Wall Street Journal, City Council Speaker Christine Quinn expressed her support of a ten-year term limit for the arena in a letter addressed to the Garden's President and CEO, Hank Ratner, on Wednesday. The owners of the arena have requested a permit in perpetuity, however, several government officials and advocacy groups—including Borough President Scott Stringer, the Municipal Art Society (MAS), and the Regional Plan Association—have called for limiting the permit to 10 years. This comes after the City Planning Commission voted unanimously for a 15-year permit extension.
When Madison Square Garden’s 50-year special permit expired last year, it launched a fiery debate over the future of the arena atop Penn Station. Critics, urban planners, and government officials have called for a 10-year term limit to encourage the relocation of MSG allowing for an overhaul of the crowded station. Today the Municipal Art Society of New York unveiled four different visions for a re-imagined Penn Station and MSG from firms Diller Scofidio + Renfro, H3 Hardy Collaboration Architecture, SHoP Architects, and Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM). Each firm offered up its own rendition—some focused more on expanding infrastructure, while others honed in on opportunities for cultural and educational programming and new amenities within the station. But all the firms decided to relocate the arena, make room for green space, and create a new light-filled and spacious train terminal. And on the more far-reaching side, they envisioned and described this new station as a civic hub that will anchor and reinvigorate the surrounding neighborhood and serve as a “gateway” (a buzz word liberally used at the unveiling) for the city. The presentations were a fantastical exercise in design if all variables—funding, political might, and private interests—miraculously came together. H3 Hardy Collaboration Architecture was the first to take the stage. The firm recommends re-locating Madison Square Garden to a 16-acre site on the waterfront by the Javits Center, which would then pave the way for a new Penn Station to be built with an eight-track high-speed rail, a three-acre park, retail space, and a roof garden. The Farley Post Office would then be transformed into a Center for Education and the four corners of the station would be privately developed “hybrid buildings.” SOM has concentrated on providing a robust infrastructure with a network of high-speed rail lines for the North East Corridor, better commuter rail service, and rail lines linking to the major airports in the area. The station will have a ticketing hall in center of building and then two concourses below with retail spaces. The firm would move Madison Square Garden to an adjacent location and imagines private development will crop up around the station. Charles Renfro of Diller Scofidio + Renfro described their “Penn Station 3.0” as a “grand civic space founded on growth and innovation.” The transit node would become “both a front door and living room” that would be “alive 24/7” and organized by “fast, transit-oriented programs” and “slower” activities including retail, cultural space, and restaurants. MSG would then be moved to the west end of the Farley building. “In closing, we basically would put a wrecking ball to the site,” said Elizabeth Diller. SHoP Architecture’s Vishaan Chakrabarti started off talking about safety as a critical challenge to the current Penn Station aggravated by a “lack of air” and “disorientation” caused by MSG. The firm envisions an open, light-filled station that would be at the heart of a new district they’ve dubbed “Gotham Gateway.” They would relocate MSG to the Morgan site and create “a link from east to west and north to south” connecting the station, a new park, and the arena. While the other presenters focused on design, SHoP dipped its toe in public policy side of the equation. The firm is calling for the creation of a “Gateway Task Force” consisting of the Vice President, US Transportation Secretary, the governor, and the mayor, which would serve to facilitate a relocation of MSG, spearhead the Gateway Project (including funds for new tunnel, track and station), and provide necessary amenities.
The Municipal Arts Society is celebrating Grand Central's upcoming centenial, by holding a design challenge to reimagine the grand dame for the next 100 years. Foster & Partners, SOM, and WXY have each been invited to revamp public spaces inside and outside the terminal. More DOT pedestrian plazas anyone? The results of will be shown at the society's third annual Summit for New York City on October 18. (Photo: Tom Stoelker/AN)
Back in March, Protect the Village Historic District sued the Landmarks Preservation Commission over its granting of a hardship to St. Vincent's Hospital, so that it might demolish Albert C. Ledner's National Maritime Union Headquarters, now known as the O'Toole building, and replace it with a new hospital tower designed by Pei Cobb and Freed. The focus of PVHD's suit is that the hospital did not explore suitable alternatives, nor did the commission require them, but now, the state Supreme Court appears to be questioning the very nature of the hardship finding—that retaining the O'Toole buildings prevented the hospital from carrying out its charitable mission—or at least that is the finding of a brief filed today by the Municipal Art Society and half-a-dozen preservation groups that directly challenges the LPC on the matter. Filed on behalf of neither the petitioners nor the defendants but at the behest of the court, which is trying to better understand the mechanics of the hardship finding, the MAS' attorneys argue that the LPC erred in finding that a hardship was created by the O'Toole building when in fact it was the neighboring buildings that created the problems for the hospital. The LPC then falsely created a campus that included both the historic buildings east of Seventh Avenue and the Ledner building west of it, and with this campus, extended the hardship from the buildings responsible for it to the one that was not. MAS and company—Historic Districts Council, Greenwich Village Society, the National Trust, the Preservation League, Brooklyn Heights Association, and Friends of the UESHD—argue that in part because the Ledner building remains quite usable, and is not directly infringing on the functioning of the neighboring hospital, it can not be held accountable. And this does not even get into the issues of whether sufficient off-site alternatives were explored and the fact that St. Vincent's knowingly bought a landmark it could not alter, which are at the heart of the original suit. MAS does note that the standards for determining hardship are complex, and it should also be pointed out that, while ostensibly neutral, all seven amici have lobbied on behalf of preserving the Ledner buildings and indeed hold quite a vested interest in the LPC's defeat. Simply consider the conclusion of the brief [PDF], which states, in part, that the commission "has created a dangerous precedent that may have a devastating effect on the preservation of landmark buildings and historic districts throughout New York City." This is personal. We're still waiting to hear back from some real estate attorneys as to the exact role this brief might play in the case, whether or not it will actually sway the judges, but as soon as we know, you'll know.
Last week, the Rockefeller Foundation handed out its Jane Jacobs Medal, now in its third year, at a fête at Thom Mayne’s sumptuous new Cooper Union building. Guests were initially relegated to a basement parlor for drinks before being ushered across the hall into the jaw-dropping Frederick P. Rose Auditorium, which is said to be the little sister of the famed 1858 Great Hall in the main building. Maybe—but only if she were wearing a gauzy, wrinkled sheath dress of aluminum lace. Could there be nicer acoustical baffling? Cooper president George Campbell, Jr., introduced Judith Rodin, president of the foundation. Before beginning her remarks, Rodin gave a shout out to a trio of city commissioners who were equal parts guests of honor and comrades at arms: Planning’s Amanda Burden, Transportation’s Janette Sadik-Khan, and, newest of the pack, HPD’s Rafael Cestero. Rodin noted that exactly 50 years ago this month, the foundation awarded its first two grants, one of which happened to go to a housewife from Manhattan. “It was to support her monograph, that single most import book on the rebuilding of the city,” Rodin said. “That kicked off 50 years of thinking about and working on urban issues.” It is in Jacobs’ honor that the awards were created in 2007, one for Lifetime Leadership, the other for New Ideas and Activism. This year’s honorees were Damaris Reyes, executive director of the Good Old Lower East Side, and Richard Kahan, founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly schools. (You can watch a nice video profile of the two shot by the Municipal Art Society, co-sponsor of the awards, below.) First up after Rodin was New Yorker architecture critic and man about town Paul Goldberger to award Kahan his medal. He had many beautiful things to say, repeatedly comparing the former head of the Urban Development Corporation to Jacobs herself: “Like Jane Jacobs, Richard Kahan loves New York and sees it with a clarity that uncovers its humanism.” “He’s a skeptic, like Jane Jacobs, but like Jane, he’s never let his skepticism spill over into cynicism.” “He was in training to be Robert Moses, not Jane Jacobs, but fortunately for us, that’s not how it worked out.” Kahan thanked Goldberger, and then admitted that while he was honored to be receiving the lifetime achievement, “not to be ungrateful, but I’d rather be getting the award for the up-and-comer.” Circling around to Goldberger’s point, Kahan said that Moses versus Jacobs “presents a false dichotomy.” Indeed, the genius of New York was both its intimate scale and its immense monumentality. He said you have to empower the community so it can be a part of big change. Mary Schmidt Campbell, dean of the Tisch School for the Arts at NYU, invoked Howard Zinn’s A People's History of the United States in her introduction for Reyes, and in many ways echoed Kahan saying that Reyes, too, was at the front ranks spending most of her adult life fighting for the rights of public housing residents and the disappearing culture and community of the Lower East Side. In a stirring speech that at times brought her to tears—“I always cry, even though I told myself I wouldn’t tonight”—Reyes recounted her trials and travails in Manhattan’s most mixed neighborhood. “Today the benches are gone, and the street life with it. Mom and Pop shops are disappearing as people are evicted and rents continue to rise. We fight, and we continue to hold out.” Reyes received a standing ovation. The other ovation goes to 41 Cooper. After the medal presentation, guests made their way to the Alumni Roof for some delectable drinks and treats, including a steak bar and make-your-own mash potatoes. Charlie Rose, accompanying Amanda, was ever so gracious to take a picture with our friend and big fan, Nancy. Meanwhile Commissioner Sadik-Khan was chatting it up for part of the night with Paul Steely White of Transportation Alternatives, no doubt cooking up new schemes to foil the city’s drivers. At one point, we bumped into Charles Renfro, Giuseppe Lignano and Adda Tolla of LOT-EK, as well as about a dozen other spiffily dressed folks we took for designers but didn’t happen to know. Former MAS president Kent Barwick told us he would shortly be back in action at the advocacy group, "the resident crank in the attic." "Whenever they need to know about the Peloponnesian War, they'll come ask me," he joked. And his successor, Vin Cipolla, confided in us that he has a soft spot for Solange Knowles though not Beyonce. Also, he promised big things from the MAS in the coming months, after some reorganizing and rethinking. Ron Shiffman, the Pratt professor, community planning advocate, and former city planning commissioner, got a shout-out from Kahan during his speech for being an inspiration. On the roof, Shiffman told us that he was sorry they don’t make ‘em like Kahan anymore, who, after a period of butting heads, came around to plan such path-breaking projects as Battery Park City and the Bronx Center. “You can’t do planning like he did,” Shiffman said, a note of disappointment in his voice. “Not anymore.”
Having lost its political fight to preserve most of Admiral's Row in the Brooklyn Navy Yard, the Municipal Art Society has hit upon a novel idea and is now focusing its energy on the developers who are vying to redevelop the old naval officers’ houses into a grocery store. The RFP was recently released for the project, and through that process, MAS is hoping to persuade prospective builders where the Army National Guard and the city were not. "We hope that our experience and information will be helpful to responders looking to create an exciting new development at Admiral’s Row that combines both new construction and the preservation of the incredibly-significant historic buildings," Melissa Baldock, a preservation fellow at the MAS, recently wrote on the group's blog. The effort seems like fighting a nuclear submarine with cannon balls, but who knows. In these cash-strapped times, a developer might look favorably upon some pro-bono design work and the imprimatur of one of the city's leading civic groups.
Earlier today, the Municipal Art Society posted an incredibly informative presentation that the group gave at the recent City Council hearings on the Bloomberg administration's plans for rezoning Coney Island. The presentation, which can be found above, pretty succinctly explains what's wrong with the city's plan, why it won't work, and alternatives--proposed, of course, by MAS--that could be undertaken. So why has this presentation surfaced so late in the process, when it will have little, if any impact on the rezoning? Rumor has it the group didn't want to rock the boat--after all, they got a warning from planning commission chair Amanda Burden--as the presentation was considered too incendiary for public consumption. Still, it make a far more compelling argument than some loopy renderings. And besides, isn't the MAS supposed to rock the boat? Jane Jacobs would be so disappointed.
Last week, Prospect Height's became the city's newest landmark district. At 850-odd buildings, it is the largest district to be created since the Upper West Side Historic District was created in 1990. Clearly, a lot of work went into the three-year effort championed by locals and the Municipal Art Society and driven largely by the nearby Atlantic Yards project and the undue development it spurred on one of Brooklyn's last unprotected brownstone neighborhoods. To highlight just how hard it is, but also what a triumph, MAS put together this thoughtful little video. Hopefully it will inspire you to do something civic minded as well on this patriotic weekend or beyond.
We just got our invitation to the Municipal Art Society's annual MASterworks awards. Contained therein are the heretofore unannounced winners, as well. (You can find all four after the jump.) Sadly, the party is invite only, but it's at the new glassy, glamorous Sheila C. Johnson Design Center at Parsons, so if nothing else, you can wander by Tuesday night and press your face to the glass, making puppy-dog eyes at we revelers therein. It'll be the perfect Oliver Twist/recession moment. If you're lucky/pretty, we might even sneak you in the side door. Best New Building: The Standard Hotel, by Polshek Partnership (Read our feature here.) Best Restoration: The Lion House at the Bronx Zoo, FXFowle Best Renovation/Adaptive Resuse: Sheila C. Johnson Design Center, Lyn Rice Architects Neighborhood Catalyst: Times Square TKTS Booth, Perkins Eastman/Choi Ropiha (Read more here.)
Residential Metal Roofing Contractors for Sale » If you are making a home, the sort of roofing that is chosen is very important. Without proper roofing, the home will not be complete. There are several companies which give roofing services to homes at an extremely sensible cost. The materials used for roofing is very important so that the homes can resist natural calamities. When selecting the company for your home roofing, Residential Metal Roofing Contractors it’s very important to learn the type of materials that is utilized by the business for roof building. Not absolutely all materials are well suited for constructing roofs. The primary goal of any roof structure creating company is to give satisfaction to the customers.
Residential Metal Roofing Contractors for Sale » There are several materials that are used for engineering of the roofs. Each material has its advantages as well as drawbacks. In the old days, the dried out leaves of coconut and areca nut trees and shrubs, which were properly knitted jointly to make mats, were used. Those roofs were cost efficient and retained homes cool during hot hours of summer, Residential Metal Roofing Contractors however the downside was that they were easy subjects to termites and flames mishaps – because of this; they have grown to be completely obsolete nowadays.
metal roofing for columbus marysville and central ohio from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Take it along with you when searching for window curtains or some other decorating supplies screenshot sourced from: centralohiometalroofing.com.
metal roofing buying guide from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it along when searching for window curtains or other beautifying components looks sourced from: hometips.com.
residential roofing steel master roofing from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it together with you when searching for drapes or some other decorating resources impression received from: steelmasterroofing.com.
residential metal roofing taylor metal from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Take it along with you when buying window curtains or another redecorating components image got from: taylormetal.com.
roofing roofers commercial residential metal roofs seguin texas san from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it together with you when buying curtains or other redecorating resources screenshot got from: actionroofservices.com.
minimum slope requirements for metal roofs choosing the right from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it together with you when shopping for curtains or some other beautifying resources image via from: blog.mbci.com.
metal roofing woodstock falco metal roofing systems from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it along with you when looking for drapes or other designing resources sourced from: falcometalroofing.com.
kasselwood steel shingles kassel irons from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Take it with you when buying drapes or any other redecorating resources looks got from: kasselandirons.com.
residential metal roofing advanced aluminum from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Take it along with you when buying window curtains or any other redecorating supplies looks got from: advaluminum.com.
metal roofing specialty sheet metal dunn roofing sheet metal from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it along when shopping for drapes or any other beautifying resources received from: dunnroofingandsheetmetal.com.
maine roofing contractor metal roofs asphalt roofs shingled roofs from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Take it along with you when buying curtains or other decorating supplies picture sourced from: areynoldsroofingme.com.
metal roof colors how to pick the right color for your house from Residential Metal Roofing Contractors, Bring it together with you when shopping for drapes or any other redecorating resources image got from: roofcalc.org.
Residential Metal Roofing Contractors for Sale » Tiles made of clay material are used occasionally. Since they are manufactured from natural materials, they are simply much cheaper than many other materials plus they keep the within the home cool through the summer. They are simply highly repellent to warmth and rainwater. Also, Residential Metal Roofing Contractors they are not easily combustible. Hence they are really preferred within the coconut and areca nut roofs. Despite several new and attractive tile materials which are invented today, clay tiles have never lost their acceptance.
Residential Metal Roofing Contractors for Sale » The 24/7 customer support center of the companies work constantly and they’ll come to the address that they have been provided to do the work. The company undertakes the re-roofing strategies of homes, also. The homes that are created once gets damaged roofs due to natural causes and the damaged roofs can be changed by the new roofs. Before swapping the old roof structure, Residential Metal Roofing Contractors the entire rooftop needs to be removed.
Residential Metal Roofing Contractors for Sale » Getting rid of the old roofing can take some skills. The broken roof pieces need to be removed carefully so that it will not damage the building wall space at all. That is a challenging take and should be carried out by a professional only. The professionally trained staff of house roofing companies will solve the challenge with great skills.
This adventure begins at the foot of the volcano on our private estate, surrounded by natural beauty and farm animals. Then you will meet our beautiful, healthy and safe horses, which for years have been trained to perform this activity safely. You will receive the basic training to manage your horse from our guide.

Little Hare Barns01873 811200work Bed & BreakfastOverlooking the Usk Valley in the Brecon Beacons National Park, the Barn at Hall Farm offers Romantic luxury bed and breakfast for two guests in a unique location, local breakfast ingredients, organic toiletries, walks from front door with ewes and lambs as neighbours.
Overlooking the Usk Valley in the Brecon Beacons National Park, the Barn at Hall Farm offers Romantic luxury bed and breakfast for two guests in a unique location, local breakfast ingredients, organic toiletries, walks from front door with ewes and lambs as neighbours.
Luxury Bed and Breakfast in very pretty double room with king size bed in larger luxury Barn. Large hay loft window, over looking green fields and sugar loaf. Bath room en-suite.
From the South either A470 to Merthyr or the scenic route to Monmouth A40 to Abergavenny A465 past super store to A40 3rd right to Llangenny one mile to barn.
Trains run on the hour and every half an hour at Abergavenny Station 4.5 miles away. From London some trains change at Newport before arriving at Abergavenny. Qjump is a good site. 4.5 miles ok for cycles but the A40 is narrow in places. There is a good taxi Rank and all operators have Tourism Ambassador Qualification. Alternatively guests may travel by Taxi but I would collect a bike or bikes using landrover.
The Barn and courtyard bedroom are located with six steps down to the entrances and are not suitable to wheel chair users or disabled people. The location is on the side of a steep mountain side, although the car park the road and the gravelled courtyard are flat, all with natural surface.

Welcome to this year's 26th issue of DistroWatch Weekly! There are a lot of approaches people take to get the most out of their computers. One method is to run systems with a minimal number of features and software packages, focusing on the bare essentials. There are lot of projects which help out with providing a focused environment and we explore some of those operating systems this week. We begin with a review of BunsenLabs Linux, a Debian-based project which runs the minimal Openbox window manager as its default graphical interface. We also talk about OpenBSD, a lightweight operating system which is turning off some CPU features to improve security. Plus we discuss a new, container-focused flavour of Fedora called Fedora CoreOS and announce the release of a handbook for Ubuntu Studio, a distribution designed specifically with multimedia production in mind. We are also happy to provide updates on UBports and its current upgrade to a new base. This past week Debian published new installation media for Debian 8 Jessie and FreeBSD turned 25 and we are pleased to celebrate its milestone. In honour of FreeBSD's anniversary, our Opinion Poll asks how many of our readers either use FreeBSD or enjoy products and services based on the venerable operating system. In our Question and Answers column we discuss the number of people running Ubuntu and why it is so difficult to count them. Finally, we are pleased to share the releases of the past week and list the torrents we are seeding. We wish you all a fantastic week and happy reading!
BunsenLabs Linux is a Debian-based distribution that uses the Openbox window manager. The distro was created by the CrunchBang Linux community after its developer announced in 2015 that he was calling it a day. I was a happy CrunchBang user at the time and remember the forum post well. It was one of those "where were you when..." moments.
The latest BunsenLabs release has been named Helium and is based on Debian's Stable branch (Stretch). The release announcement acknowledges that it took a while to get this release out of the door - Debian Stretch was released in June 2017 - and there don't appear to be an awful lot of new features. Still, it is interesting to have a look at the current state of CrunchBang's main successor.
BunsenLabs is available for 32- and 64-bit processors. The standard ISO is just over 1GB in size, while a smaller CD-sized ISO is available for 32-bits architectures. Booting the ISO gives you the option to either run BunsenLabs as a live environment or to launch the installer. There is no option to launch the installer from within the live environment - you will have to reboot your computer and select "Install" from the boot menu.
The installer is a slightly modified version of Debian's installer. It features a modest amount of BunsenLabs branding and obviously there is no option to select a desktop environment, but other than that it is all Debian. The installer feels old-school compared with, say, Ubiquity or Calamares, but it does the job.
The release notes for Helium mention that the first system boot will be slow, and it certainly was - it took over two minutes to get to Openbox (although that included decrypting the hard drive). Subsequent boots were fast but the boot process itself isn't very elegant. For instance, the GRUB menu is supposed to have a wallpaper similar to the wallpaper used for the login screen and desktop but on my laptop it was rendered in black and white, with greyish blobs where the gradients are supposed to be. As the text in the GRUB menu is white much of it was unreadable.
When you first log in you are greeted by an interactive post-installation shell script. The script starts with a warning: we are not supposed to add Ubuntu PPAs or untrusted repositories, nor are we to add repos for other Debian releases. On the remaining screens we can update the system and install various extras, such as additional wallpapers, Flash, Dropbox and even a LAMP stack.
If you have ever installed vanilla Openbox on Debian you will know that by default Openbox presents you with a completely black screen. You can open a menu by right-clicking anywhere on the desktop but that is as far as the default feature-set goes. Openbox is very customisable, though, and with the help of other applications it is possible to add things like a panel and wallpaper.
BunsenLabs gives you a fully functioning system out of the box. The desktop features a single panel with a "launcher" area (for application shortcuts), a system tray and two workspace switchers / task bars. The combined workspace switchers / task bars are very smart; they not only let you switch from one workspace to the other but also show you which applications are open in which workspace. If you want to move an application to a different workspace you can simply drag its icon to the workspace.
BunsenLabs' menu provides access to everything you might need and the items are organised in a logical manner. The first item in the list is "Run Program", which opens a basic application launcher (gmrun). This is followed by a list with common applications, a section with common categories of applications (Accessories, Graphics, etc.) and a section for common directories and recently opened files. Towards the bottom of the menu we get various advanced options (Preferences and System Tools) and at the very bottom we find an Exit button.
One of the things I like about Openbox is that it is very keyboard-friendly. You can open the menu with either the Super key or the Super-Spacebar shortcut and quickly navigate the menu using your arrow keys. For instance, to exit the system you can simply open the menu; hit either the End or arrow up key to take you to the last item in the menu ("Exit") and hit Enter. An even quicker way to get to the exit menu is to use the Super-X shortcut - there are key bindings for everything in Openbox.
Apart from being usable out of the box BunsenLabs also makes it relatively easy to customise the desktop. The menu includes dozens of links to documentation, configuration files and graphical utilities. For instance, under Preferences -> Openbox we get links to the main configuration files, links to basic graphical utilities that can be used to tweak the configuration instead, and a link to information about how to edit the Openbox menu. Helpfully, there is also an option to reconfigure the Openbox menu (which needs to be done before any changes you make take effect).
If you are not quite ready to dive into the configuration files you could start with BLOB, a basic configuration manager that lets you switch between various BunsenLabs themes. For each theme you can see which configuration files, icon theme and wallpapers are used and there is the option to save your own collection of configurations. It is a nice addition and it goes to show that BunsenLabs very much encourages you to tweak the system.
Personally, I found there was very little I wanted to modify. If this was my day-to-day system I would at some point remove the Conky system monitor from the desktop, although I do like how Conky is partly used to list various common keyboard shortcuts. The only other thing I would remove are the application shortcuts in the panel. They feel redundant and look out of place. The four launchers open the default web browser, file manager, text editor and terminal emulator, respectively. However, the icons are quite different from the icons for the applications they launch (Firefox, Thunar, Geary and Terminator). The icon for the default web browser, for instance, looks remarkably similar to the logo of the Safari browser.
BunsenLabs mainly relies on Debian's repositories and gives you access to non-free packages out of the box. Apart from the Debian Stable repositories there is a BunsenLabs repo containing everything from configuration files to themes and the post-installation script. The repositories and software can be managed either via the command line or by using the Synaptic package manager.
I quite like the selection of pre-installed software. You get the Firefox browser, VLC media player, Thunar file manager, Geany text editor and a few accessories, including the Catfish file finder and GNOME's Archive Manager. The only choice of software that I couldn't quite understand was the office software: you get LibreOffice Writer but instead of LibreOffice Calc you get Gnumeric. I guess the developers tried to find a balance between lightweight programs and the best tool for the job. For those who prefer the full LibreOffice suite there is an option in the menu to install just that.
As BunsenLabs is based on Debian's Stable branch most of the software is a little dated. Firefox is at version 52 (you get the extended support release, which hasn't moved to Firefox Quantum yet), LibreOffice is at version 5.2 and the distro ships with Linux kernel 4.9.
So far I have skipped over the fact that Openbox is a window manager rather than a desktop environment. With the help of the tint2 panel and applications such as Nitrogen (a graphical application to manage wallpapers) and LXAppearance (a graphical utility to customise the theme applications use) it comes close to being a desktop environment. However, there are things that Openbox doesn't do.
A good example is the Openbox menu. Applications you install are not added to the menu. Similarly, if you would remove, say, Catfish, you would still have a hard-coded link to the program in the menu. To make changes to the menu you need edit the menu.xml file, either by hand or via a basic graphical utility called Obmenu.
It is possible to have a dynamic rather than a static menu. I would argue, though, that it is better to manually edit the menu. It simply offers much more flexibility and it reduces bloat. Menus in "proper" desktop environments tend to list applications which I need but which I never launch from the menu - image and document viewers spring to mind. At the same time it is not so easy to add custom menu items. I might want to add a menu item that opens an OpenSSH session. In Openbox that is easy enough once you understand the menu.xml file.
BunsenLabs makes managing the menu a little easier by launching whatever the default application is for a certain job. For instance, when you select Terminal from the menu Openbox runs the x-terminal-emulator command, which opens the default terminal emulator. By default this is Terminator but if you would install xterm and make that default terminal emulator then it would open xterm instead. The same goes for the web browser, file manager, text editor and media player. As an aside, it is for this reason that the application shortcuts in the panel have icons that look out of place. If you would make Chromium your default browser you probably wouldn't want the quick launcher to have the Firefox icon.
The point I want to make is this: the menu is simple and complicated at the same time. Early on in my trial I installed both Claws Mail and Thunderbird. I wanted to do this the proper way, so that I would have an item called "E-mail client" in my menu that would open the default e-mail program. After looking into the Debian Alternatives system I found that I instead needed to use a program called exo-preferred-applications to select the default e-mail program and that I could then launch the default e-mail client with exo-open --launch MailReader. I was able to achieve what I wanted but it did require a fair amount of research and the help of the BunsenLabs forums. In a full-fledged desktop environment setting the default e-mail client would be as easy as finding the relevant option in the settings menu. In BunsenLabs, there is no settings menu - you get lots of configuration files and tools instead.
There were a few other minor issues I encountered, mostly related to Conky. One thing I quickly noticed is that minimising all applications (by pressing Super-D) also minimises Conky. There is no obvious way to restore Conky again but after much digging in Conky's configuration file I found that changing the own_window_type variable from "normal" to "desktop" does the trick. I later found that running openbox --reconfigure to refresh Openbox's configuration files caused Conky to print its output on top of the existing output, which resulted in rather bold lettering. As I have never cared much for Conky I simply uninstalled it (and removed it from the autostart file). If you do like Conky, there is an active trade in Conky configuration files on the BunsenLabs forums.
Speaking of the BunsenLabs forums, I should mention that it is a fantastic community. The forums are fairly active and its users are genuinely friendly and helpful. To give an example, after my struggle with the default email client had been resolved someone chimed in to explain a little bit more about exo-preferred-applications (it is an Xfce utility and is used because BunsenLabs also uses Xfce's file manager). I have seen a lot of that on the forums and I like it. People really try to help you find your way.
I think it is almost impossible to overestimate the importance of the community. Openbox, tint2 and programs like Conky and Compton are highly configurable and it can be difficult to find the information you are after (even though the documentation isn't all that bad). Making seemingly simple changes can quickly become frustrating, and being able to get help from other users is really nice.
I installed BunsenLabs on an old Lenovo G50-30 laptop. I am hoping to give the laptop to someone who isn't particularly tech savvy and has fairly basic computing needs. With that in mind I set out to create an Openbox desktop that is easy to use and free from bloat. I wanted to get rid off some advanced features such as the second workspace, install a different theme and have a menu that contains only items the person is going to need.
By and large customising Openbox was straight forward. There are various graphical tools but they aren't really needed if you are happy to dig into the various configuration files. Tweaking the desktop took a few hours and I was able to achieve most of what I wanted.
The only thing I haven't quite figured out is how to make it easier to update the system. I want the laptop's new owner to never ever see a terminal window. The most obvious alternative is Synaptic but, much as I like the package manger, it isn't exactly user friendly. I might look into unattended upgrades as that would fit nicely with the aim of keeping things simple. For the moment though, I have opted to add some help files using YAD. I discovered YAD while digging into BunsenLabs' Openbox menu. The utility can be used to display the contents of custom help files. In other words, you can create a simple text file and add a YAD command to the menu to display its contents in a native window.
I have got a bit of soft spot for Openbox. I like how minimalist it is and how it hardly uses any system resources - according to my Conky panel BunsenLabs was using just over 200MB of RAM when idle. BunsenLabs provides a system that is usable out of the box but which can be tweaked any way you want. For this review I made the system cleaner and leaner but I could have gone in the opposite direction and create a desktop with conkies, panels and docks all over the place. DistroWatch's slogan, "put the fun back into computing", very much applies to BunsenLabs.
In short, this is a distro I could easily use as my daily driver. My only concern would be the project's long term future. BunsenLabs Helium was released almost a year after Debian Stretch was released and then there is the worrying fact that Openbox doesn't work under Wayland, which is getting ever closer to replacing Xorg. BunsenLabs has got a sound community though, so I very much hope this distro will be around for many years to come.
My physical test equipment for this review was a Lenovo G50-30 laptop with the following specifications:
The UBports team is in the process of testing a new release candidate for their fourth over the air update (OTA-4). The new development snapshot is a major one as it represents a jump from the old Ubuntu 15.04 code (which Canonical no longer supports) to the newer 16.04 LTS codebase which is still supported upstream. "The main reason why the arrival of OTA-4 seemed to take so long is because Ubuntu Touch switched its base to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Xenial Xerus. This is a mammoth milestone for the project, because it allowed us to transition from the unsupported Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet to a Long Term Support (LTS) base. Being able to build on a supported Ubuntu version is very important, because we are now receiving core package updates directly from upstream - from the larger Ubuntu community. Plus, in the spirit of free and open source software, it is now a lot easier to make our software available to the Ubuntu community at large." More information on this significant milestone along with tips for testing and providing feedback can be found in the project's blog post.
The OpenBSD team is taking a proactive step toward securing their operating system from potential, future CPU flaws. Mark Kettenis has published a patch which will disable hyper-threading, a move which the developer hopes will protect OpenBSD users against future Spectre-like CPU attacks. "SMT (Simultaneous Multi Threading) implementations typically share TLBs and L1 caches between threads. This can make cache timing attacks a lot easier and we strongly suspect that this will make several Spectre-class bugs exploitable. Especially on Intel's SMT implementation which is better known as hyper-threading. We really should not run different security domains on different processor threads of the same core. Unfortunately changing our scheduler to take this into account is far from trivial. Since many modern machines no longer provide the ability to disable hyper-threading in the BIOS setup, provide a way to disable the use of additional processor threads in our scheduler. And since we suspect there are serious risks, we disable them by default. This can be controlled through a new hw.smt sysctl."
Earlier this year we reported that Red Hat was acquiring Container Linux (formerly CoreOS). An interesting side-effect of Red Hat adding Container Linux to its list of open source technologies under the name Red Hat CoreOS is that Fedora will become a proving ground for new technologies going into future versions of the operating system. As Matthew Miller writes, this will result in a new flavour of Fedora called Fedora CoreOS. "What does this mean for Fedora Atomic Host and other deliverables? This isn't the place for technical details - see 'what next?' at the bottom of this message for more. I expect that over the next year or so, Fedora Atomic Host will be replaced by a new thing combining the best from Container Linux and Project Atomic. This new thing will be 'Fedora CoreOS' and serve as the upstream to Red Hat CoreOS." Further details can be found in Miller's post and on the new website for Fedora CoreOS.
Lots of people would like to use Linux for their audio projects, but may not know where to start. Author Peter Reppert has decided to help by writing a handbook for Ubuntu Studio which explains how to get started creating audio tracks, mixing tracks, adding effects and mastering CDs. "With discussion, Peter decided to release the entire book and have it uploaded onto the Ubuntu Studio User Wiki as a living document, complete with updates provided by himself and the rest of the Ubuntu Studio documentation team. Our long-time developers saw this as something they wished they would have had when they started using Ubuntu Studio years ago." The handbook can be accessed for free on the Ubuntu Studio wiki.
The Debian project has released fresh installation media for Debian 8 "Jessie". The new media does not represent a new version of Debian, but provides installation discs which include security updates and fixes for packages that have become available since Debian 8 was originally released. "The Debian project is pleased to announce the eleventh (and final) update of its oldstable distribution Debian 8 (codename Jessie). This point release mainly adds corrections for security issues, along with a few adjustments for serious problems. Security advisories have already been published separately and are referenced where available. After this point release, Debian's Security and Release Teams will no longer be producing updates for Debian 8. Users wishing to continue to receive security support should upgrade to Debian 9, or see the LTS wiki for details about the subset of architectures and packages covered by the Long Term Support project."
The FreeBSD Foundation has declared June 19th FreeBSD Day. Why this day and why now? "June 19, 1993 was the day the official name for FreeBSD was agreed upon. See part of the e-mail thread here." Which means the FreeBSD project is now officially 25 years old. The venerable operating system, which can trace its roots back to the early days of UNIX, is widely used around the world. FreeBSD is used to stream videos by Netflix, it is the underlying technology behind the WhatsApp messaging software and it serves as the basis for the PlayStation 4. Happy anniversary, FreeBSD!
Getting-a-head-count asks: How many computers (approximately) in the world run Ubuntu or other flavours? Counting servers, desktop and laptops.
DistroWatch answers: One of the benefits of running Linux is that it is nearly impossible to get an accurate count of the users of any one distribution. If that doesn't sound like a benefit, consider how companies usually get usage statistics. To get a count of the number of users, or computers a piece of software is installed on, there needs to be some way to uniquely identify and get reports from each person or system running the software. The counting process might use on-line registration or sales figures or registered e-mail addresses or a unique identifier sent along with update requests. One way or another, companies that can provide accurate usage figures need to be tracking their users somehow.
With most Linux systems getting an accurate count is difficult. We can count the number of times an ISO is downloaded, but not how many times it is used to install the operating system. We can count unique IP addresses that request updates, but that will only give one address for institutions like small businesses and schools. We can count the number of times a core component is downloaded, but that ignores package caches, mirrors and so on. We can also run into situations where an operating system is tried and then quickly replaced with something else, which often happens in the Linux community, inflating the numbers.
All of this is to say it is really hard to estimate the number of Ubuntu users, let alone the number of installs of community flavours or other Linux distributions, because the users are not tracked. Getting an accurate count is like looking at a swarm of insects and trying to estimate the number of individuals based on the size of the cloud they form.
Over the years Canonical has tried to get some rough estimates, based on downloads and stats provided by other services. For example, last year they estimated 60 million Ubuntu containers had been launched by Docker users. They also guessed that around 20 million Ubuntu Cloud instances had been set up in 2015. As of about three years ago, Canonical suspected they had over 40 million desktop users, though how they got that number and whether it included community editions was unclear.
Tomasz Jokiel has announced the release of Porteus Kiosk 4.7.0, the latest stable build of the project's specialist Gentoo-based distribution designed for web kiosks (with Firefox and Chrome browsers): "I'm pleased to announce that Porteus Kiosk 4.7.0 is now available for download. Major software upgrades in this release include: Linux kernel 4.14.50, Mozilla Firefox 52.8.1 ESR and Google Chrome 66.0.3359.181. Packages from the userland are upgraded to portage snapshot tagged on 20180616. The latest kiosk release brings more work on mitigitng the Spectre vulnerabilities through updated CPU microcode and kernel patches. The newly discovered 'Spectre Next Generation' vulnerabilities require updated microcode from Intel which is not available yet. Please consider enabling automatic updates service for your kiosks to receive latest fixes and patches as soon as they become available. Short changelog for 4.7.0 release: it's now possible to explicitly set the shutdown options which should be present in the kiosk shutdown menu; added support for refreshing browser webpage with defined time interval...." See the release announcement and changelog for more information.
Red Hat has announced the release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6.10, the latest version of the distribution's legacy branch with security support until November 2020: "We are pleased to announce the availability of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.10, the latest update to the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 platform. For nearly eight years, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 has carried our customers’ critical infrastructure because of the stability, reliability, and platform security that it can offer to the modern enterprise. Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.10 marks the transition from the Maintenance Support 1 lifecycle phase to the Maintenance Support 2 phase. In order to help provide customers with a stable environment for the remainder of the Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 lifecycle, only critical security fixes and business-impacting urgent issues have been addressed. Examples include the addition of retpoline-based mitigations for the Spectre/Meltdown vulnerabilities, an updated GNU Compiler Collection (GCC), and rebased gcc-libraries packages." See the release announcement and release notes for more details.
Peppermint OS is a lightweight, Ubuntu-based distribution that features a desktop environment made up of Xfce and LXDE components. The project's latest release, version 9, is based on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS and features several small changes. "We have replaced lxrandr with xfce4-display-setttings for monitor settings as we continue to look for better options that add functionality without adding weight, and to continue the migration away from the few remaining LXDE components. By user request the Menulibre menu editor is now installed by default, and no longer breaks the menus as it did in previous Peppermint versions. Continuing the theme of improved menu and launcher management, there is now a right-click 'Create new launcher here' desktop context menu item. The Nemo file manager now has a right-click 'Send by email' context menu item. (requires an email client such as Thunderbird to be installed). The Panel Reset function in the Peppermint Settings Panel no longer needs to log you out of your session to reset the panel. The Xfce Panel Switch utility is now installed by default, so you can now backup/restore any custom panel configurations and switch between them. It includes a Peppermint-9 default profile and a few others to play with. The system Notification Settings (in the settings panel) now has a 'Do Not Disturb' function, or notifications can be enabled/disabled on a per application basis." A complete list of changes can be found in the release announcement.
In our News section we reported that FreeBSD has officially turned 25 years old this past week. FreeBSD is commonly used as a server operating system and has also been used as the basis for various end-user systems. FreeBSD code and utilities have found their way into many modern operating systems, including macOS and the PlayStation 4.
This week we would like to know if you have used FreeBSD directly, used a service which is based on FreeBSD or used an operating system which uses a significant amount of FreeBSD code.
You can see the results of our previous poll on preferred init software in last week's edition. All previous poll results can be found in our poll archives.
This concludes this week's issue of DistroWatch Weekly. The next instalment will be published on Monday, 2 July 2018. Past articles and reviews can be found through our Article Search page. To contact the authors please send e-mail to:
How the Wikipedia Zionist scribblers like and fabricate their stories in support of the Pension Fraud Crimes, PFC, and the Auschwitz For War Doctrine
Previous Previous post: Bible bogus Israel, its Genocide war against Palestinians and the origin of the Auschwitz For War Doctrine to justify State Terrorism
Strands (Micro Bond): Keratin is a protein that is the key structural building block for hair, skin and nails. This natural compound is used to create our shoelace tips (micro rings)
Style: Steamed Curl – All curly styles, except our natural curl, are manufactured using steam and the curl will eventually loosen if straitened frequently. But for the odd function here and there no problem
Hair Maintenance: As the hair is real it can be washed as frequently as required using any shampoo and /or conditioner that does not contain sulphate. Every two to three months, due to hair growth, make an appointment with your stylist to remove, wash and reinstall the hair pieces.
Brazilian Klassik Hair (Silver Range) Sourced directly from the Brazil. Is derived from one to two donors and is Virgin Remy as has never been processed and has all the cuticles aligned in the same direction. Hair texture is not as thick as Indian hair and is conducive for both the Ethnic and Caucasian markets. Natural colour is Black & Brown Mix (1B). Hair is guaranteed not to tangle and shed and can be coloured, hot ironed, blow dried and washed as frequently as you desire. Longevity is 2+ years. This is our Silver Klassik range and highly recommended if it fits within your budget.

I wanted to say that it's possible to use RSS without being dependent on Google Reader. And since GR is going away, that should probably be seen as good news, not bad.
But it's not my problem. I'm not in the RSS Reader business any longer, and have no interest in returning to it.
I don't doubt that people will be well-served by a newly revitalized market for RSS products, now that the dominant product, the 800-pound gorilla, is withdrawing.


No doubt following in the footsteps of their US counterpart Facebook, Aussie university network StudentFace just opened up to everyone - if you didn't get a chance to test it last time, you can today. The new global network allows student members to connect to non-students, which might widen their appeal, but could also turn them into yet another undifferentiated social network. Since they haven't even built up critical mass with the colleges yet, it may be too early to open up to everyone else.
They've also announced new features today. First off, there's a new mass uploader for photos, although annoyingly this seems to be implemented in Java (for some reason Java is guaranteed to crash my browser). Secondly, they've added video. Just like the video offering from Bebo, you can either insert URLs from YouTube, or upload clips using VideoEgg, a service that seems to be appearing on virtually every social network these days.
As I've said in the past, I don't think StudentFace has what it takes to gain traction - either in Australia or worldwide. They need to gain critical mass in one university, then build out, as Facebook did - I don't see that strategy in place. Other Facebook alternatives like USpot, Phatcouch and CommonRoom, and national versions like Unilife (Italy) and Univillage (UK) might also struggle.


This is part of an on-going series, for all posts in this series see the tag Chrystal’s Story. New Beliefs I have decided to completely start from scratch with my own spiritual belief system. It’s kind of fun, to see what I believe in. It reminds me of the end of the book series, “The Hunger Games.” The final book, “Mockingjay,” […]
The purpose of this programme is to equip experienced facilitators with the necessary knowledge, skills and attitudes to facilitate learning using a variety of given methodologies and evaluate an intervention on completion of training. This skills programmes forms part of Qualification SAQA ID 50334 National Certificate: Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices, Level 5.
Delegates wishing to enroll on this programme should have at least 1 year of experience as an facilitator.
115789 – Sustain oral interaction across a wide range of contexts and critically evaluate spoken texts (compulsory for the qualification
FiecareVot Coalition has observed the constitutional referendum organized on the 6th and 7th of October with 841 independent observers, both in the country and abroad, mostly in polling stations in Europe. During the 2 days of voting, hundreds of irregularities have been identified through call center 0800 080 200, Code4Romania’s Monitorizare Vot smartphone application and www.votcorect.ro web platform. We covered almost 1800 polling stations.
Most of the irregularities were settled at the level of the polling stations (BESV) or with the support of the county electoral bureaus (BEJ), the Central Electoral Bureau (BEC) or the Permanent Electoral Authority (AEP). Several criminal complaints were filed over suspicions of multiple voting (Giurgiu County), suspicions related to broken seals (several counties), but also related to an incident that took place in Săbiesti, Dâmboviţa, where all four of the car tires of an accredited journalist have been slashed.
We have no solid clues to show that serious systemic issues that could seriously affect the results have produced. In the next period, we will analyse all notifications of observers and voters and we will look at how they will be settled by the competent institutions.
Still, EFOR has shown[1] before the referendum that there are serious problems with the legislation, as it was not clear enough in relation to many procedures and it did not allow the use of SIMPV, the electronic system for the verification of voters and prevention of multiple voting. Moreover, we have asked the prime minister to introduce SIMPV through emergency ordinance, but the system was not included, a fact that shows a lack of political will for the correctness of the referendum.
National Council for Audiovisual had a low involvement and published an arbitrary decision through which allowed the continuation of the go-to-vote campaing during the referendum days; the decision was changed with very few days before the voting started
Very low involvement of political parties; high involvement of third parties such as NGOs or other supporters
Supression of media freedom of expression, as journalists have been eliminated from 2 events organized by CfP
Unsufficient regulations on monitoring of financing for third parties; the law covered just the political parties, which opens the opportunity for abuse during the future electoral processes and referenda
Massive vote on supplementary lists without the possibility to check the multiple voting. We have identified a high number polling stations where the vote was expressed predominantly on supplementary lists – see the interactive map of the votes here votcorect.ro/prezenta-la-vot/ . Although in some situations there are justifications, as they are close to hospitals, prisons or monasteries, in other cases these percentages have no explanation.
The lack of the SIMPV (electronic verification and prevention system) determined a low trust in the process and generated situations where the presidents of the electoral bureaus had suspicions of multiple voting and could not verify whether they were real or not
Security of sealing procedures: In most cases seals are strips of paper over which the control stamp and the signature of the president are applied. Observers have reported many situations where the paper had been glued with duct tape, and could have easily been removed very easily.
Moreover, in some polling stations, the sealing of materials on the evening of October 6th did not follow the legal steps, which may raise concerns about the fairness of the referendum in those stations. The rules were not explicit enough and some presidents of the polling stations did not apply them accordingly, which means that it opens the potential for fraud
Poor organization – the absence of presidents of electoral bureaus in several polling stations, which led to the disruption of the voting process as they were not opened in time, according to the law. Also, the training sessions for the presidents of the polling station electoral bureaus can be improved; we consider that the training of the presidents replaced on the short notice is deficitary
The massive continuation of the electoral campaign on the days of the referendum, through the display, distribution of propaganda materials and the call to vote, with the indication of the specific option. We have reported numerous cases to the county electoral bureaus or district offices. In some situations, the materials have not been removed or have been taken down with great delay. We do not have a record of the sanctions applied for violation of the law. We also received a large number of complaints stating that the clerical personnel and local government officials (mayors, vicemayors, councilors etc) have been actively involved in continuing the referendum campaign during the two-day voting, especially on the second day of the referendum
Paragraph 18 of GEO 86/2018 establishes throughout annexes no. 2-6 that the phrase “The number of participants must be equal to the amount resulting from the addition of the figures in points 5, 6 and 7 ” shall be replaced „Pct. 2 >/= Pct. 5 + pct. 6 + pct. 7.” In other words, the number of participants must be greater than or equal to the sum of the valid votes expressed as YES or NO, as well as the null votes. While it is possible that the regulation also covers cases where a voter leaves with the ballot paper from the station, we believe that the formulation may generate confusing and risky situations. In the context of the low quorum for the referendum, we consider that this expression can facilitate its achievement in unfair and arbitrary terms.
Unclear mechanisms for complaints regarding fraud. Law 3/2000 establishes in art. 25 (3) If BEC identifies an electoral fraud in a polling station or in an electoral district, it shall order the annulment of the results of the referendum within that polling station or, as the case may be, within the respective constituency. Article 12 of Law 208/2015 regulates the application procedure for the annulment of the results, but it is not clear who may be the actors who can ask for it, in the election being the electoral competitors who participated in the elections in the respective constituency. EFOR asked BEC to clarify the cancellation procedure, but the Bureau replied that it is a hypothetical situation and will take a decisions when there will be a concrete situation. Moreover, an answer to this question would amount to a pre-posting from the BEC and is not appropriate.
The access of the observers has been difficult in some polling stations due to bureaucratic barriers that are not specified in the legislation and abusive behaviour. The Central Electoral Bureau issued an order requesting the presidents of the electoral bureaus not to demand any documents that are not required by law. Moreover, we have observed that representatives of several NGOs supporting the YES side have been involved in influencing the voters and did not act in a neutral manner, as the legislation requiresThe press releases issued during the two days of the referendum can be found at www.votcorect.ro/comunicate-referendum
NOTICE: You have added a Product, Video, Special, News Item and/or Event to your booth profile. If you log out of this session without purchasing this item, all information you have entered will be lost.
What do an architect, a soil biogeochemist, and an urban administrator have in common? What is the RELi resilience framework and what happens when it’s applied in real life? How can a small-scale project support a city in addressing many of the hardest issues we face in response to increasing shocks and stresses? A panel of experts with real-world resilient design experience will answer these questions and more in this interactive two-hour session. Participants will earn an understanding of RELi and LEED’s Resiliency Pilot credits including how to use them to achieve greater resilience at all scales of the built environment. In 2017, the world experienced more natural disasters than ever making this conversation about resilient design in the built environment critical. These shock-events have cascading effects reaching into, and causing stresses on, systems like socio-economics, politics, food security, and many others. The work of the panelists’ ranges from small to large-scale to demonstrate how responses and efforts scale both up and down these nested interconnected systems. Each contributes to our capacity to bounce back, better and faster, from the ever increasing shocks and stress, environmental, economic and social.
Correlate how the RELi resilient design standard, newly adopted by GBCI, applies to actual design processes and projects that support and enable resilience.
Validate how a small-scale resilient program or project might go beyond itself and its direct users to serve as a resource to the larger scale community and urban fabric.
Discuss the scope, specific requirements, and lessons learned from early implementation of RELi and the LEED Resilient Design pilot credits.
Molly Meyer is the Founder & CEO of Omni Ecosystems, a certified WBE. Molly leads Omni's strategy and business development, and oversees Omni's product innovation and operations. She founded Omni with the mission to democratize access to natural spaces, a … Molly Meyer is the Founder & CEO of Omni Ecosystems, a certified WBE. Molly leads Omni's strategy and business development, and oversees Omni's product innovation and operations. She founded Omni with the mission to democratize access to natural spaces, and to create an organization that continuously engages in bold endeavors that elevate the triple bottom line: ecological, financial, and social. Molly envisioned and guides the strategy behind Omni's multi-disciplinary approach to ecosystem innovation, design, implementation, and management, in which Omni is leveraging its advanced technologies and implementing its unique business model to achieve many beneficial environmental, social, and financial outcomes in each landscape. Molly's background couples her academic training at Stanford University in systems problem-solving and biogeochemical research with field experience in construction means and methods, gained working as a carpenter and green roofs installer as a Robert Bosch Fellow in Germany. Her experience in Germany was foundational in redefining the American green roof industry with Omni's groundbreaking comprehensive green roof system. Molly is adept at developing and actualizing creative solutions to needs across the field; her inventions include Omni’s patented living wall panel and patent-pending green roof drainage system. Molly is also the Co-Founder & CEO of The Roof Crop. Molly earned her Master of Science in Earth Systems from Stanford University and her Bachelor of Science in Earth Systems with Honors in Environmental Science, Technology and Policy from Stanford University. Molly is a Board Member of Openlands, a 55-year-old non-profit dedicated to protecting open space in northeastern Illinois and surrounding region. She is a LEED Green Associate, a Certified Green Roof Professional, an Executive Board Member of the Women's Leadership Initiative at Urban Land Institute Chicago, and a member of Commercial Real Estate Women of Chicago. Molly won Illinois Green Alliance 2018 Emerald Award for Individual Leadership.
Trained in landscape architecture, Sarah Watling is an Associate at Perkins Eastman, based out of their Washington D.C., office. Sarah’s work focuses on large-scale design and planning, and the integration of resilience considerations. Sarah is active in … Trained in landscape architecture, Sarah Watling is an Associate at Perkins Eastman, based out of their Washington D.C., office. Sarah’s work focuses on large-scale design and planning, and the integration of resilience considerations. Sarah is active in Resilient Design communities, and her involvement includes: 1) Organized and moderated the 5th annual AIA Northern Virginia Women in Architecture – Resilient Design Panel series exploring the Economics of Resilience, Resilience and Civic Culture and Resilience and the Environment. 2) The granting of funding to develop case studies for three of the most resilient cities in the world, Chicago, Toronto, and Stockholm. 3) Over three years project management of elements of DC’s The Wharf – Phase I, a waterfront development reconnecting the city to its’ waterfront. 4) The current assessment of The Wharf Phase I against the RELi standard to explore application of RELi to Phase II during design development. 5) Contributor to ULI’s Returns on Resilience report on The Wharf.
Doug Pierce has become both a pioneer and leader in resilient, sustainable, and high-performance design. He is a LEED Fellow, resilient building educator, industry activist, and author of the RELi Resiliency Action List + Catalog. RELi is designed to supp … Doug Pierce has become both a pioneer and leader in resilient, sustainable, and high-performance design. He is a LEED Fellow, resilient building educator, industry activist, and author of the RELi Resiliency Action List + Catalog. RELi is designed to support next generation communities, neighborhoods, buildings, homes, and infrastructure, Doug champions these initiatives for Perkins+Will and is the Co-Director of Perkins+Will’s Resilience Lab. With US Green Building Council’s adoption of RELi in 2017, Doug is now Chair of the newly founded RELi Steering Committee where they are finalizing RELi 2.0.
Michael has a Masters Degree in Urban and Regional Planning and has been with the City of Chicago for the past 13 years creating and implementing public policy and incentives that encourage sustainable urban development. Michael has led an inter-departme … Michael has a Masters Degree in Urban and Regional Planning and has been with the City of Chicago for the past 13 years creating and implementing public policy and incentives that encourage sustainable urban development. Michael has led an inter-departmental team that first developed and recently updated the Chicago Sustainable Development Policy that requires public and private developers to include sustainable strategies in projects that are receiving financial or zoning assistance from the City. This policy has required the construction of over 500 green roofs totaling nearly 5.6 million square feet of vegetative cover. It has also been the main driver behind Chicago being a world leader in the number of LEED certified buildings. Michael is also managing the City’s Resilient Corridors Project, which is constructing stormwater landscapes on City-owned, vacant parcels in community areas that are most vulnerable to the stresses of climate change.
Instagram, one of the most popular social media platforms today. Ever wonder why it’s so popular among people, here we are going to discuss about it using just only three reasons.
Located in the historic Henry Schulz Fee Co. Stable in Webster Groves, Rolling Ridge Nursery has served the community since 1959. We provide the highest quality lawn and garden products, plants and services, with knowledge, integrity and respect for our neighbors and customers. We change with the seasons, so there's always something new at Rolling Ridge.
A hands-on art studio for ages 5 to 98 with projects to mosaic, collage and paint. No appointment needed. Located in charming historical
Family owned and operated. Authentic Mexician cuisine. service lunch and dinner, happy hour, full bar. Outdoor dining and private rooms
Monogram boutique great for those looking for the perfect gift. Unique gifts cater to hard-to-shop for family and friends. Gifts wrapped


Educational services; providing of training in the field of technology; educational services, namely, conferences, training courses, testing, workshops, and distributing course materials in connection therewith, all in the field of technology
Signature Resources Ltd. (TSX VENTURE:SGU)(OTCQB:SGGTF) (“Signature” or the “Company“) is pleased to announce that it has closed a private placement (“the Financing”) of common shares (“Flow-Through Shares”) issued on a “flow-through” basis for aggregate gross proceeds of $321,496. The Financing comprised the issuance of 2,473,045 Flow-Through Shares which were issued at a price of $0.13 per Flow-Through Share.
The proceeds of the Financing will be used to incur eligible Canadian exploration expenses, as defined under the Income Tax Act (Canada) (“Qualifying Expenditures”) in the aggregate amount of not less than the total amount of the gross proceeds raised from the issue of the subject Flow-Through Shares, on or before December 31, 2017, for the continued advancement of the Company’s Lingman Lake project. The Company will renounce the Qualifying Expenditures to the purchasers of the Flow-Through Shares with an effective date of no later than December 31, 2016.
The Company paid finder’s fees including $22,050 in cash and issued 169,613 warrants to qualified finders in connection with the Financing. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one common share of the Company at an exercise price of $0.13 until December 30, 2018.
Securities issued pursuant to the Financing are subject to a statutory four-month plus one day hold period, which will expire on May 1, 2017.
Mr. Walter Hanych, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, commented, “We are pleased to have closed on this financing which will be applied to further delineating the gold mineralized zones at the Lingman Lake property.”
The participation in the Financing of a “related party” of the Company constitutes a “related party transaction” as such terms are defined by Multilateral Instrument 61-101 (“MI 61-101”). Mr. Jonathan Held, Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company, acquired 50,000 Flow-Through Shares at $0.13 per Flow-Through Share for gross proceeds to the Company of $6,500. The Company is relying on exemptions from the formal valuation and minority shareholder approval requirements of MI 61-101 available because the Company is not listed on a stock exchange specified in section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101, and neither the fair market value of the securities purchased by the related party, nor the proceeds of the Financing to be received by the Company in respect of such related party’s participation in the Financing, exceeds $2.5 million. The participation of the related party in the Financing was approved by directors of the Company who are independent of such related party.
The Flow-Through Shares offered have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or any U.S. state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons absent registration or any applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States, nor in any other jurisdiction.
Together with the Company’s four free hold patented claims and the twelve staked claims, an aggregate of 606.8 hectares comprises the Lingman Lake Property. The Lingman Lake Property hosts an historic estimate of 234,684 oz of gold* and includes what has historically been referred to as the Lingman Lake Gold Mine, an underground substructure consisting of a 126.5-meter shaft, and 3-levels at 46-meters, 84-meters and 122-meters depths.
*This historical resource estimate is based on prior data and reports obtained and prepared by previous operators, and information provided by governmental authorities. A Qualified Person has not done sufficient work to verify the classification of the mineral resource estimates in accordance with current CIM categories. The Company is not treating the historical estimate as a current NI 43-101-compliant mineral resource estimate. Accordingly, this historical estimate should not be relied upon. Establishing a current mineral resource estimate on the Lingman Lake deposit will require further evaluation, which the Company and its consultants intend to complete in due course. Additional information regarding historical resource estimates is available in the technical report entitled, “Technical Report on the Lingman Lake Property” dated December 20, 2013, prepared by Walter Hanych, P.Geo., and Frank Racicot, P.Geo., available on the Company’s SEDAR profile at www.sedar.com
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
This news release contains forward-looking statements which are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements include estimates and statements that describe the Company’s future plans, objectives or goals, including words to the effect that the Company or management expects a stated condition or result to occur. Forward-looking statements may be identified by such terms as “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “estimates”, “may”, “could”, “would”, “will”, or “plan”. Forward-looking information in this news release includes, but is not limited to the expected use of proceeds from the Financing and the Company’s expectation that it will incur and renounce Qualifying Expenditures after the closing date and prior to December 31, 2017 in the aggregate amount of not less than the total amount of the gross proceeds raised from the Financing. Since forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Although these statements are based on information currently available to the Company, the Company provides no assurance that actual results will meet management’s expectations. In addition to other factors and assumptions which may be identified herein, assumptions have been made regarding, among other things, that no events will occur that prevent the Company from incurring and renouncing Qualifying Expenditures prior to December 31, 2017. Risks, uncertainties and other factors involved with forward-looking information could cause actual events, results, performance, prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking information include, but are not limited to, failure to identify mineral resources, failure to convert estimated mineral resources to reserves, delays in the exploration and development of projects, variations in capital and operating costs from the Company’s estimates, and those risks set out in the Company’s public documents filed on SEDAR from time to time. Although the Company believes that the assumptions and factors used in preparing the forward-looking information in this news release are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on such information, which only applies as of the date of this news release, and no assurance can be given that such events will occur in the disclosed time frames or at all. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law.
The company revealed that it expects revenue to be about $8.7 billion for fiscal 2018, marking a 20% increase compared to its fiscal 2017 sales, also topping Wall Street’s consensus estimate of $8.6 billion, according to data compiled by FactSet.
In the earnings front, Adobe expects profit to be $5.50 per share on an adjusted basis, higher than analysts’ projections of $5.21 per share, also based on data compiled by FactSet.
Its cloud bookings are slated to grow 20% compared to the year-ago period. The forecast reflects “our continued momentum and leadership,” CEO Shantanu Narayen said in a statement.
For its fourth quarter, Adobe said it’s on track to garner revenue of $1.95 billion, in line with analysts’ consensus estimate of $1.95 billion, according to FactSet. Earnings will come in at $1.15 per share, the company says, below analysts’ prediction of $1.16 per share.
Adobe also provided more details regarding its Sensei AI platform this week at its Max conference. The concept was introduced about a year ago.
“When one of the very best artists in Photoshop spends hours in creation, what are the other things they do and maybe more importantly, what are the things they don’t do?” said Adobe CTO Abhay Parasnis in a press conference. “We are trying to harness that and marry that with the latest advances in deep learning so that the algorithms can actually become partners for that creative professional.”
Bottom line, if you think hot want this will make cum. Sucking a giant penis fake, of course is something we never thought we'd see even from her. Compare What Causes Morning Erections How Increase Your Opposite Erectile Dysfunction that Are Rhinos Horns Made Review. Performed Chicago last while looking.
Fans were reportedly shocked spent London riding an inflatable telling ex-boyfriend fat also managed Watch greatest tube site tons free Oral Duration: min.
Has bit explaining do when comes some remarks recently Hip Hop NOT About Cock my c -ck. 7M Heavy-R, completely offering world's most added today!
4k Dick-raiser 14. Here's double, started using name Mae get legal trouble, but looks lot given people lots things talk few because change personality attitude.

He wrote his PhD thesis at the department of material science in Marburg about Functional Dyes, including synthesis and analysis of new effects.
He joined Pröll KG, Weissenburg, Germany in the year 2000 and started in the R+D laboratory working on inks for the special requirements in the field of In-Mould Decoration (second surface IMD/FIM) and to diversify screen printing inks, lacquers and adhesives for the growing field of different plastic material combinations (films and resins).
Hans-Peter Erfurt is currently IMD Manager and responsible for new developments in this sector. Further, he assists customers worldwide by the implementation of the film insert molding technique in the different needs of technology and projects.
It’s healthy to take space between relationships, but if he admits he’s been playing the field since the beginning of the previous spring, that’s a little suspicious. What are the chances he just happened to end his last relationship as soon as winter was over? Sorry, it’s not good news.
Regular sex with the person you’re dating is a definite relationship perk, but it shouldn’t be the only thing keeping you going. If he avoids having deep conversations and prefers to keep the closeness between you physical, it’s probably because he knows it’ll be easier to break off in 2019.
If he’s secretive with his phone or computer, he could be cheating on you now or he could be simply keeping his options open so that when he dumps you when winter’s over, he can easily jump back into the scene and be onto the next one. What a jerk.

Combining your favourite desserts/ingredients to make a super-dessert is not always wise. It did not end well for the Bean Pie, nor for the Tuna Twinkie (yes, unfortunately, they’re real). Pudding and chocolate chip cookies, however, make a wonderful combination that will please even the toughest cookie critic in your life. These cookies are by far the easiest and most consistently loved dessert I have ever made, so I hope you enjoy them!
I don’t remember ever eating ginger molasses cookies growing up, though I do recall there always being a full, sticky carton of molasses in the cupboard. My brother and I used to dip a finger in to taste and then make a face, never learning apparently. It wasn’t until I first tried this cookie, years later at the local Starbucks, that I became a ginger junkie and a lover of molasses. Also, of late, whenever I go back to Quebec for a visit I get spoiled by family to the traditional French Canadian meal galettes de sarasin, or Buckwheat pancakes, which are rolled in pork and lard and dipped in nearly half a container of molasses it seems – these are to die for! Molasses redeemed!
I work with a great group of cooks and bakers on my office floor who are forever fattening the rest of us up with delicious treats – particularly around the holidays when different sugary platters beckon me every time I walk by the kitchen. Today someone brought in the chewiest homemade ginger molasses cookies I’ve ever sampled, so I immediately swiped a couple more and tried to greedily conserve my small stash throughout the day. Thanks Gaylynn. Bon Appetit! Continue reading
This recipe is one that I’ve been hounding my mom to share with me for a while. She used to make this for my brother and I when we were much younger and the recipe she scanned and sent me had the food splatter marks to prove its age. I do love regular shortbread cookies, don’t get me wrong, but they are usually so light and fluffy that they dissolve on the tongue in seconds and are gone. These shortbread squares have more of a brownie consistency, but with the buttery goodness of shortbread. I made the mistake of making this batch with no one else home during a day of little willpower and ended up eating the equivalent of a 1/4 cup butter over the time it takes to watch an episode of Glee. They are highly addictive. Word of advice: eat one or two and then bring the rest of the batch to work. Continue reading
My step dad loves this recipe for shortbread cookies and I agree they’re both delicious and addictive (translation: fattening). If you enjoy this recipe, also take a look at my mom’s cinnamon shortbread square recipe.
2. Mix butter and sugar in large bowl. Stir in flour. If dough is crumbly, mix in 1-2 tbsps of extra butter)
3. Roll dough 1/2 inch thick on lightly floured surface. Cut into shapes by hand. Place 1/2 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheet.

A push at the end of regulation closed the Wilmington University men's basketball team to within a pair but the University of the Sciences escaped the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference opener, 66-60, on Tuesday night in Bobby Morgan Arena.
An 8-0 run at the end of the first half pushed the Devils (4-1, 1-0 CACC) to an 11 point lead heading into the halftime break and the Wildcats (0-4, 0-1 CACC) were forced to fight from behind for the entire second half.
But fight they did as they quickly closed the gap to 38-32 following a five straight points by Rashaun Rasheed and a layup from Shai Henry with 17:21 to play in regulation.
The Devils responded to every push form the Wildcats, continually pushing the lead back out to 10 points before a layup from USciences' Garret Kerr gave the home team a 55-44 lead with 7:02 to play, the Devils' largest lead of the second half.
Trailing 59-50 with 2:34 to play, the Wildcats' Ta'Vaune Griffin and Valentino Thompson converted back-to-back layup to cut the deficit to 59-54 to 1:29 showing on the clock.
A Thompson three-pointer brought the deficit to 61-57 with 52 seconds remaining and the Wildcats took advantage of the Devils' T-John Casiello only going 1-of-2 from the foul line as Tyaire Ponzo-Meek nailed another three-pointer with 25 seconds to play to bring the Wildcats to within two points, 62-60.
But the Devils' Wes Kerr hit both of his free throws with 14 seconds to place and Ponzo-Meek's three-pointer was off the mark on the Wildcats' next possession. Sho Da-Silva hit both of his free throws for the Devils with four seconds left to settle on the final score of the contest, 66-60.
Rasheed led the Wildcats with 13 points, shooting 6-for-9 from the floor. Thompson added 11 points for the Wildcats while Ponzo-Meek and Griffin chipped in with eight points each. Ponzo-Meek dished out a team high five assists while Griffin grabbed a team high nine rebounds.
The Wildcats shot 41.0 percent from the floor, hitting 25-of-61 overall but the Devils shot a remarkable 58.5 percent from the floor as a team, shooting 24-of-41 overall.
All-American Garret Kerr's 30 points and 15 rebounds led the Devils, while he also collected three assists and four blocked shots. Sho Da-Silva added 13 points off the bench for the Devils as well.
The Wildcats play a pair of games this weekend, heading to NYIT on Saturday before playing their home opener on Sunday against Kutztown. Saturday's set for a 1 p.m. tip at NYIT.

Dawnville Meadows Apartments offers two and three beds apartments with many great features. Our gorgeous apartment homes feature open spacious floor plans, in-home cloths washer and drier rental options, fully-equipped kitchen with dishwasher lots more. Our residents get to enjoy our outdoor community children's playground, scenic picnic area, beautiful pool resident club house!today schedule a...
Amazing setting on Clear Creek, large level yard, large RV cover, carport, workshop, older barn cld be used for storage, terrace level entrance offers den, bedroom, fullsize bath, main floor entrance offers laundry mud room, open kitchen with exposed beams, bedroom, full size bathroom,, sunroom dedicated dining area area, large front porch to enjoy the beautiful yard leading to the creek. Upsta...
Easy living Beautiful, peaceful cul-de-sac Ranch Garden Home in highly desirable, amenity loaded neighborhood Sunroom and split bedroom. Designer paint and updated appliances. Easy access to interstate, shopping, restaurants and excellent schools.
Very nice, Spacious 3 bedroom, 3 bath home in a quiet neighborhood.Completely remodeled with ceramic tile, hardwood, carpet.Large family room. Spacious kitchen, stainless refrigerator.Appliances furnished.Central HA.Extra bedroom downstairs.Huge bonus roomman cave downstairs.14x26 deck over concrete patio. Private fenced in backyard.2 car garage.Rent is $1,195 per month for up to 4 occupants.Cl...
Calhoun, Ga.Looking for a Living in Handyman. The amount the Rent is reduced depends on the skill and work done no more than 20hr.month.Looking for a couple where at list one person have steady full time employment to support hisher family. A person that might apply need to have a Tools and Weed-eater to do the work and trimming around the building and side walks about 1 hour work every 8 - 14 ...
Thank you for looking at our ad. We have given away 43 manufactured homes so far. This home is a 2 bedroom and is pictured above. We also have a three bedroom under Rehabilitation that should be available December 1, 2018,Home ownership is within your grasp. We are giving away FREE Manufactured homes in a Senior aged 55 years and older Manufactured Home Community. Lot rent is ALL you have to pa...
Lovely cabin in the Coosawattee River Resort on babbling creek with hot tub use included. Fully Furnished for the perfect tenants. Available early January 2019. Dogs welcome with NO breed discrimination. Rent includes utilities including power, WIFI, community amenities, pool and house phone.
Looking to settle in now Skylark Apartments would like to invite you to our cozy community We promise we will save you money too We are located at 712 W Tyler St, Dalton, GA 30720. Were clean, professionally managed 1 bedroom apartment in a solid brick building near Downtown Dalton. Laundry facility on site, maintenance on site and 247 security camera on site.Rent is only $110 per week and we c...
1 bedroom 1 bath Mother in law suite for rent. There is NO fridge or oven. There is a kitchen sink with a large counter and cabinets. There is plenty enough room for a fridge or mini fridge and also plenty of room for a microwave or toaster oven. There is NO outlet for a regular stove.Rent will include power up to $75.00 and water and also 1 parking spot in a covered carport. You will be respon...
Going North on GA 400US Hwy 19 take exit 16 Pilgrim Mill Road. Turn Right off the exit. At the first traffic light Freedom Parkway turn Left. Were located on the Right If going South on GA 400US Hwy 19 take exit 17 Keith Bridge Road. Turn Left on Keith Bridge Road. At the first traffic turn Right onto Freedom Parkway. Were located about a mile down on the Left. Community Amenities - Fitness Cen...
Please read the whole ad. $115 per week NO SMOKING, THIS HOME IS FOR A NON SMOKER, WHEN YOU CALL , leave message saying how many adults and how many children. 1 Bedroom, with refrigerator, stove, window blinds. NO PETS inside or outside. No utilities Included, If no answer leave message saying how many adults and how many children. No calls after 900 pm. 12 month lease. Keywords Rome, Rockmart,...
Full Sized Washers and DryersOversized Soaking TubsCentral Heating and AirCable ReadyLook at pic link for more details and contact
An urban oasis thats anything but ordinary. Under New Management CALL x801 Heritage at Riverstone Address 101 Heritage Dr Canton, GA 30114 DESCRIPTION Come home to one of these stunning one-, two-, and three-bedroom apartments at Heritage at Riverstone Start your day right and enjoy a delicious meal at the wrap-around breakfast bar available in select homes. Enjoy a morning routine that include...
3325 River RdDalton GA 30721see map for directions3 Bedroom and 2 Bathrooms in this nice double wide on 4.5 private acres. Large back deck overlooks private backyard. Large master suite with garden tub and walk-in closet. New paint and new carpet. Clean and move in ready. Rent to Own available.No smokers or inside pets, but its a great property for outside pets.Contact Andy with questions or to...
Heritage Pointe is located in a well-established community, in Rome GA. The apartment homes feature upgrades including all black appliances, hardwood style vinyl, plush carpeting and full size washerdryer connections in our Townhomes.Heritage Pointe is close to shopping, only minutes from Mount Berry Mall, downtown Broad Street and the Romes Braves Stadium.Save off your 1st full month Spacious ...

SO SO SO BEAUTIFUL! Much prettier and higher quality than I was expecting. I’m normally a US M-L and I sized up and ordered the XL so I’d have plenty of room! The color in the description says burgundy but they’re definitely more red! LoveLooks exaclty like the pictures

operates self-serviced laundromants in lodging houses, hostels and campuses in Bratislave, Nitra and Trnava. The laundry servise is available 24 hous. HOTLINE 0800 820 018 (8:00 AM - 11:00 PM).


Welcome to the EU. Ukrainian citizens arrived at Lech Wałęsa Airport in Gdańsk as part of the first official visa-free flight on the Gdańsk-Kiev route. Thanks to the new visa-free regime, Ukrainians can enter the EU without visas and move freely within the Schengen area.
Since Poland joined the European Union in 2004, some two million Poles have moved west for work. In recent years, though, the country has become a destination for workers from further east, above all from Ukraine.
Today, Ukrainians are a visible presence on the Polish labour market, from seasonal agricultural labourers to specialists. In 2017, Polish employers filed 1.8 million requests to hire people from outside the EU, of whom 1.7 million were Ukrainians – one-third more than the previous year. As Europe grapples with migration, Poland’s governing Law and Justice (PiS) party has sought to recast the Ukrainians as refugees. Speaking in the European Parliament in 2016, then-Prime Minister Beata Szydło spoke of “one million refugees from Ukraine.” Despite protests by Ukrainian officials, members of PiS have continued to use the phrase to justify Warsaw’s refusal to take in refugees from the Middle East as part of the EU’s relocation programme. “We already contribute a lot to easing tensions on the eastern flank of the European Union,” Mateusz Morawiecki, who replaced Szydło as prime minister in December, told CNN during the World Economic Forum in Davos, defending his government’s stance on refugees. “There is a huge population coming from the Donbass area to Poland. These are homeless people, these are people whom we treat as refugees,” he added.
Yet a quick check on the Polish Office for Foreigners’ website shows that Poland granted just 56 Ukrainians refugee status in 2017. In the years before, even at the height of the fighting in eastern Ukraine, the numbers were much lower. Instead, Ukrainians are powering the Polish labour market. Like other countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Poland already faces a labour shortage. According to one forecast, assuming a similar pace of economic development and demographic trends, Poland will be short of five million workers by 2050. Unemployment has crept down in recent years, falling to its lowest since the end of communism in 1989. In December 2017, it was 6.5% overall, 3.7% in the western region of Wielkopolska and an even lower 1.4% in its capital, Poznań. Polish companies are hungry for workers. As many as 19% intend to seek out employees from Ukraine in the near future, according to a report by Personnel Service at big companies, it is a staggering 42%. Demand is highest in the production sector, extending to services and retail.
Meanwhile, migration from Ukraine to Poland has been changing. For years, women and men from western Ukraine have been coming to Poland to work, often for seasonal jobs in agriculture, which meant returning home between gigs. A report on Ukrainians working in Poland published by the National Bank of Poland (NBP) in 2016 indicates that this is changing. The conflict in eastern Ukraine has triggered a new wave of migration, it argues. For over 40% of the Ukrainians surveyed in 2015, it was their first time working in Poland. Of these “new” migrants, almost 60% were men – who had previously accounted for a minority of Ukrainians working in Poland. The new arrivals are younger, too, with an average age of 33, a decade less than among the more experienced migrants. The NBP also noted a marked shift in where people were moving from: whereas, before 2013, just 6% of Ukrainians working in Poland hailed from eastern and southern Ukraine, that proportion had risen to 28% after 2014.
The share of highly-educated Ukrainians in Poland has been rising, too. Some Ukrainians move to Poland to study; of the 72,000 foreign students at Polish universities, over half are Ukrainians. Of the Ukrainians already working in Poland, almost half (44%) have university degrees, according to a report by OTTO Work Force, which recruits workers from Ukraine. Fewer than one-third work jobs that reflect their level of education, but the proportion has risen significantly. “The number of people employed according to their education indicates that employers are using Ukrainian migrants’ potential increasingly effectively,” said Tomasz Dudek, Operating Director for Central and Eastern Europe at OTTO. The company has three recruitment offices in Ukraine – in the cities of Lviv, Ternopil and Vinnytsia – which recruit over 100 workers, ranging from production workers to senior specialists, to work in Poland a week, according to the company. OTTO organises their transport, helps find accommodation, deals with formalities and provides Ukrainian-speaking coordinators. As advantages, it cites access to specialists who are difficult to find on the local market, motivated workers, and Ukrainians’ linguistic and cultural proximity to Poles.
Inter-Enterprise Trade Union of Ukrainian Workers was established in Poland to protect the rights and interests of employees.
Regardless of their level of education, Ukrainians primarily move to Poland for the higher wages. With Ukraine’s economy struggling, well-paid jobs are scarce, especially in rural areas. Meanwhile, wages in Poland have been rising – including among Ukrainians. According to a report by Upper Job, another recruitment intermediary, a Ukrainian manual worker could expect to earn 12 zł an hour in Poland in mid-2017, one-third more than two months earlier, and three times as much as in Ukraine. Wage expectations rose by at least one-fifth among plasterers, bricklayers, drivers, kitchen aids and hospitality workers from Ukraine, too. As Ukrainians’ wages in Poland have risen, so has the amount of money sent home. In the third quarter of 2017, transfers to Ukraine amounted to 3.2 bn zł, according to the National Bank of Poland. This does not include money moved abroad through informal channels.
At the same time, Ukrainians have been spending more in Poland, too, becoming a growing group of consumers. According to the Central Statistics Office, they spent 2 bn zł on goods and services in Poland in the first three quarters of 2017. With this number set to rise, companies have been competing for Ukrainian customers. Mobile operators offer special deals for calls to Ukraine. Play, a mobile operator, has a helpline in Ukrainian. Banks are paying attention, too. In November 2017, Credit Agricole launched a new deal for Ukrainians, advertising attractive prices for bank transfers to Ukraine. The paperwork to open an account can be completed in Ukrainian, alongside Polish, English and French. “[Our] offer in foreign languages is a natural reply to the growing number of foreigners in Poland. They are our potential clients,” said Marcin Data, director for savings products and daily banking at Credit Agricole, adding that the bank’s current campaign focuses on Ukrainians. Raiffaisen Polbank, which claims to have over 42,000 Ukrainian clients, enables new ones to make one free bank transfer to Ukraine every month. Meanwhile, PKO Bank Polski is preparing to launch its popular IKO banking app in two new languages, Ukrainian and Russian.
Yet legal barriers remain. Right now, employers are grappling with new Polish regulations on hiring foreigners from outside the EU introduced at the start of 2018. Experts warn that the more bureaucratic procedure could scare off employers, such as farmers hoping to hire a few people to pick fruit. Recognition of Ukrainian qualifications is another problem. In theory, Poland is short of nurses, as many prepare to retire or have moved abroad, seeking better wages. According to a report by the Institute for Public Affairs (ISP) in Warsaw, the main obstacle preventing Ukrainian nurses from working in Poland is having their qualifications recognised. Potential preschool teachers from Ukraine face similar barriers.
‘One in ten people living in Wrocław is now Ukrainian. 48% of Ukrainians plan to stay in Poland for good, 38% more than at the end of 2015.’
Despite demand for simpler procedures, the number of Ukrainians working in Poland is expected to continue increasing, with social and economic implications for both countries. Already, according to one study, one in ten people living in Wrocław is now Ukrainian. According to the report by OTTO Work Force, 48% of Ukrainians plan to stay in Poland for good, 38% more than at the end of 2015. Those who eventually return to Ukraine will bring with them new skills, contacts and experience of working in an EU country, valuable assets supporting Ukraine’s economic growth and westward course. Meanwhile, if more young Ukrainians start to settle down in Poland and start families, the repercussions will extend beyond the labour market. Polish policy-makers at the national, regional and city level would do well to think ahead.
Annabelle Chapman is a Warsaw-based journalist. Her articles from Poland and Ukraine have been featured in The Economist, Foreign Policy, Newsweek and Foreign Affairs, among others. In Warsaw, she is also a English-language editor at Polityka Insight, a think-tank. She has a degree in Politics, Philosophy and Economics and a master’s in Russian and East European Studies, both from Oxford University.
HYDERABAD: Fifteen contestants for Mahabubnagar Lok Sabha seat, all victims of Polepally Special Economic Zone and two supporters of their cause, made their voice heard loud and clear yet again by bagging as many as 77,568.
Like in the previous Assembly byelections, these votes could have marred the chances of the Congress candidate, D. Vithal Rao as his Telangana Rashtra Samithi rival, K. Chandrasekhar Rao won by a majority of mere 20,000 votes. Conversely, the TRS candidate too would have improved his victory margin by 50,000 votes more.
No wonder, ever since the 15 independent candidates filed their nominations, both Mr. Vithal Rao and Mr. Chandrasekhar Rao became jittery. They kept sending feelers to them to either withdraw from contest or not to campaign vigorously in the Lok Sabha constituency having seven Assembly segments.
Not yielding to pressure, they doggedly campaigned on barefoot in all the seven segments. They did not have the fancy SUVs, star campaigners, money and manpower to take on the “giants” but they indeed took them on. They gave them some tense moments and mustered enough support to prove their point that they cannot be left in the lurch after denying them their only source of livelihood, land.
“It is not the question of whether they helped Mr. Chandrasekhar Rao win or Mr. Vithal Rao to lose but the issue of atrocious SEZ policy they have brought into focus. They demonstrated what the poor, the displaced and the exploited villagers can still do by carrying out an uncompromising struggle for justice,” said Sujatha Surepally of Polepally anti- SEZ struggle committee.
It is a repeat of what they did in Assembly by-elections to Jadcherla in May 2008. At that time, 13 of them contested and secured 13,000 votes, enough to defeat the TRS legislator.
COLCHESTER, VT, (March 15, 2006)---- Polhemus, the industry leader in 6 Degree-Of-Freedom (6DOF) motion capture, tracking and digitizing technologies is proud to announce MINUTEMAN™, the new low cost 3 Degree-of-Freedom (3DOF) tracking product. MINUTEMAN represents a quantum leap in new technology and state of the art Digital Signal Processor (DSP) electronics which results in amajor price reduction for tracking technology. MINUTEMAN is drift free, has the speed of 75 Hz per sensor and offers ease of use via an intuitive Graphical User Interface (GUI). The electronics unit (E-Pod), which is powered by the USB interface and contains the electromagnetic source, is only slightly larger than a pack of playing cards. Full InertiaCube2 emulation software is also provided for plug-and-play hardware replacement without having to worry about rewriting code. The combination of all these attributes clearly positions MINUTEMAN as a new class of electromagnetic tracking, offering significant improvements over competitive technologies.
MINUTEMAN is the ideal solution for orientation sensing requirements of 3DOF applications where price is a principal concern. It offers fast update rates and high resolution, which makes it perfect for Head Mounted Display-based (HMD) virtual reality, games, and simulation and training applications.
MINUTEMAN permits up to two sensors per system and is available with one of four different operating frequencies which allows up to four systems to operate simultaneously in the same environment. It also incorporates its own on-board microprocessor technology, which means it does not tie up your CPU time to make complicated process calculations. System software includes a Graphical User Interface (GUI), Software Developer's Kit (SDK) and a predictive filter allowing up to 50 milliseconds of prediction. Mounting brackets on sensors are compatible with the spacing of standard Polhemus sensors as well as most competing system footprints.
"With over 35 years of experience, Polhemus holds and maintains the leadership role in the advancement of electromagnetic tracking technology," Polhemus President and CEO Al Rodgers said. "Thanks to MINUTEMAN, Polhemus now offers a low-cost, drift free 3DOF solution."
Polhemus provides the absolute best in time proven 6DOF systems, eye tracking, and handheld three-dimensional scanners. These products already are in wide use in such areas as medical applications, university research, military training and simulation, and computer-aided design.
Media Release: $1.5 million fine for AGL as the costs of door-to-door marketing misconduct start to add up for energy retailers – Consumer Action Policy
Media Release: $1.5 million fine for AGL as the costs of door-to-door marketing misconduct start to add up for energy retailers
The Consumer Action Law Centre, the organisation behind the successful Do Not Knock sticker and campaign, has welcomed a Federal Court decision that AGL Sales Pty Ltd and AGL South Australia Pty Ltd pay $1.555 million for illegal door-to-door selling practices. In addition, CPM Australia Pty Ltd, the marketing company used by the AGL Energy companies, was ordered to pay $200,000 for its role in the conduct. The fines are the latest result of enforcement action taken by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
“The ACCC is to be congratulated for initiating these proceedings, and its broader work in keeping energy marketers accountable for their marketing conduct” said Mr Gerard Brody, CEO of Consumer Action. “This is an expensive lesson for AGL, who are the second energy retailer to be fined over $1 million in penalties for unlawful door-to-door selling practices” he said.
At a hearing held yesterday in Melbourne, AGL contested whether the salesperson in South Australia broke the law by seeking to market an energy contract with a consumer despite the presence of a ‘Do Not Knock’ sign on the consumer’s front door. The Australian Consumer Law requires salespeople to leave immediately on request of the occupier or consumer with whom they are negotiating and the ACCC argued that a ‘Do Not Knock’ sign is such a request.
“It’s disappointing that AGL Energy are contesting whether the Do Not Knock sticker amounts to a ‘request to leave’ at law, particularly given AGL’s recent very welcome decision to voluntarily stop door-to-door marketing. We think AGL should be championing consumer rights, by acknowledging that a Do Not Knock sticker is a request to leave and thus encouraging other retailers who still use this form of marketing to respect consumer wishes”, he added.
Mr Brody said that a previous decision of the Federal Court relating to energy retailer Neighbourhood Energy found that a salesperson that ignores a visible Do Not Knock sticker is breaching the Australian Consumer Law. ‘We hope that the court follows its earlier decision, so that consumer rights are upheld’, said Mr Brody.
‘We encourage all Australians to get themselves a Do Not Knock sticker to avoid the dodgy practices of door-to-door sales. The stickers are available for free from www.donotknock.org.au,’ said Mr Brody.
Consumers can also ask to be added to energy retailer “No Contact” lists, if they would specifically like to stop energy marketing approaches. Householders can register at http://donotknock.org.au/no-contact/

C. Martin Croker, an animator and voice actor who worked on beloved Adult Swim and Cartoon Network shows like Space Ghost Coast To Coast, The Brak Show, and Aqua Teen Hunger Force, died over the weekend. Most of the fans eulogizing him are highlighting his voice work—Croker played both Zorak and Moltar on Space Ghost Coast To Coast—but his work as an animator was no less impressive. Several years ago, Croker even set up a YouTube page with clips to some shows and commercials he worked on, and revisiting some of this stuff today is like watching the cartoon equivalent of some great athlete’s highlight reel. Croker even wrote little descriptions for the videos that explain what they are or what he did on them, giving them a little historical context.
Whether people knew his Space Ghost Coast To Coast work or not, he had a clear impact on making Adult Swim into the comedy institution it is today.
After getting teased more than a nerd at recess, Radiohead’s A Moon Shaped Pool is finally available on the digital download service of your choice (or at least iTunes, Google Play, and the official Radiohead website). Over the last week, the band sent creepy stuff to fans in the mail, faded away from the internet like Marty McFly, and then actually put out some videos, but now Thom Yorke and the rest of the Radioheads have stopped goofing around and given all of us exactly what we want: more Radiohead music to buy/brag about not buying so we can act like we’re too cool for it.
The album is titled A Moon Shaped Pool, with its lack of a hyphen suggesting that it’s about a thing named Pool that was shaped by a moon (as opposed to a pool shaped like a moon), and though the digital version is available now, the CD and vinyl versions will be released on June 17. However, for Radiohead-heads who like their albums a little fancier, there’s a Special Edition that includes the album on vinyl and CD, as well as two extra tracks, 32 pages of art, and a little piece of tape from one of the band’s master recordings. As the official site explains, the tape contains less than a second of audio and it could be “from any era in the band’s recording past going back to Kid A.”
The album art and previously released videos for A Moon Shaped Pool are below, along with Radiohead’s upcoming tour dates.

Aa muslim fellows i am working as a manager in a fortune 500 it company in ontario canada i am family oreinted and i value my religion and its practises i am moderate but striving to be a better muslim. Well in many cases it's not just a mixed faith marriage but also a mixed cultural marriage too in general this is usually a one way type relationship in that muslim women will generally only marry muslim men as prescribed in the qur'an so that is what i will focus on here. Submitted by muslim girl (singapore), dec 11, 2013 at 05:43 hi, i understand how you feel and i really want to help other girls who are in love with egyptian man now girls, it's vry bad idea i'm very sure there are good egyptian men, but from 5 egyptian man i know, 5 of the are cheater. Muslim girls for marriage with men in usa / uk / india / australia / dubai 13k likes muslim girls for marriage in usa / uk / india / australia / dubai jump to sections of this page muslim single from all over the world news personality muslim aid australia.
Muslim men in china featured profiles of single muslim men from china in burundi single muslim men in cambodia single muslim men in cameroon single muslim men in chad single muslim men in chile single muslim men in china single muslim men in colombia single muslim men in congo single muslim men in costa rica single muslim men in cote d. Muslim single men adult dating sites, singles dating events and personal ads are all ways for singles to quickly browse overloaded the marketplace of the meeting if you want to do your own research, you can find a dating site that allows you to do your own research. Singlemuslimcom the world's leading islamic muslim singles, marriage and shaadi introduction service over 2 million members online register for free.
Arabiandate is the #1 arab dating site browse thousands of profiles of arab singles worldwide and make a real connection through live chat and correspondence arabiandatecom – dating site for single arab women and men from all over the world. According to their own religious law, muslim jurists argued, christian men may force their muslim wives to convert to their (the husbands') religion put differently, it was argued, islam recognizes christianity and judaism as valid religions, but judaism and christianity do not recognize the validity of islam as a religion. Find your single muslim girl or muslim man partner muslims4marriage in our islamic muslim marriage dating site in our muslim dating site will find a muslim man a muslim girl for marriageyou will find also a divorce matrimony and for muslim man find a beautiful muslim girl. Thus, men are not permitted to look at a film in which a muslim woman whom he knows and who has not observed the proper hijab is in however, if he does not know her nor does he have fear of falling into sin, then he can look at her.
Calculating the odds of finding a spouse in the muslim community special thanks to shehbaz aslam, brendan avent and kashev dalmia for proof-reading this article for grammatical, mathematical and. Online muslim social networking site, naseebcom offers a convenient and unique platform for muslim men who are in search for their match muslim men who find it difficult to connect and meet others can easily do so here at naseebcom with islamic men coming from all over the world on naseeb, it is not difficult for muslim women to find single men naseebcom offers highest degree of. Muslim single men adult dating sites, singles dating events and personal ads are all ways for singles to quickly browse overloaded the marketplace of the meeting. Typically, when violence happens in the old city of jerusalem, israeli authorities ban men younger than 50 from entering haram al-sharif, the compound known to jews and christians as the temple mount. Muslim dating: browse single muslim men looking for love in all the wrong places now, try the right place matchcom is the largest online dating, relationships, singles and personals service worldwide.
Single women who remained single were not unknown, but were not large in number and remained an anomaly wealthy and middle-class or educated single women could hold their own in the diaspora, professional single women, outside of a traditional muslim context, will inevitably change the face of the community. Arab dating site with arab chat rooms arab women & men meet for muslim dating & arab matchmaking & muslim chat. Free muslim dating cupidcom is a lead dating website that brings together single muslim men and women if traditional values play a large role in your life, then you should look for likeminded someone, and you can do it with our help. It’s a relationship site for muslim singles looking to find long-term, committed relationships meet local muslim men and women we recognize that it can be challenging to meet other singles with whom you share common goals, interests, and backgrounds in your geographical area, and we can help.
Usa muslim marriages muslim singles in the usa have a lot of options after all, there's a large and vibrant muslim population in the united states, which means there are likely more than a few single muslim women or men near you who might make a good match. Im all about good times, adventure, and creativity im not the most religious muslim but i am muslim i enjoy going out to concerts, reading, being outdoors, traveling and enjoying art i enjoy living the good life no time for boredom.
Note to readers: this weblog entry on official advice to women not to marry muslim men has, to my surprise and delight, become the springboard for an intense, heated, and personal dialogue between non-muslim women romantically involved with muslim men. Hartman's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in hartman with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in hartman is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in hartman. Im a palestinian single guy living currently in malaysia, im pretty honest and loyal type and desire to live with a honest women im simple and easy going person i appreciate love and morals looking for my other half here .
2017 was a good year for gaming, and judging by the current release schedule, 2018 is going to be pretty good as well. There’s a number of games I’m personally looking forward to in all different genres and across PC, console and handheld. This list addresses the five games I’m most excited for, and what I’m looking forward to most about them, in no particular order.
First up is We Happy Few, set to release on April 13th. We Happy Few is an upcoming action/adventure stealth FPS set in an alternate 1960s England, where everyone and everything is fuelled by psychedelic drugs, leaving people delusional and Joy-obsessed. The game combines elements of RPG, roguelike and survival, focusing on a strong narrative story with an underlying sense of paranoia. I’ve seen some demo footage for this game and to me it seems very Bioshock-esque, which hits a certain combination of buttons that not many games do. I don’t know much about the story, but the setting is an interesting twist on World War II and its outcome. Current reviews on Steam are Mixed thanks to it being in Early Access, so hopefully the final product holds up.
The new God of War for PS4 is slated to release sometime early this year, although there is no official release date as of yet. I missed out on playing the original God of War games when I was a kid, but I did watch other people play them, and I’ve kept relatively up to date on the new one. As both a history major and a mythology buff (both of the Greek/Roman and Norse variety) I can’t see any reason why I wouldn’t pick this game up. It may not be the most accurate depiction of the Greek gods, but that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy the game’s unique take on the classic mythology. Plus a little hack and slash never hurt anyone.
It feels like it’s been 84 years since there was last a Kingdom Hearts game I cared about. I played the first one through in one night at a friend’s sleepover in 7th grade, and the second one at some point early in high school when my family ended up with a copy. There’s been plenty of new Disney movies since KH2 came out, which means there isn’t any shortage of material for the new game to draw on, and while I do have favourites I’m definitely going to enjoy running around in the new Disney worlds while trying to save everyone at the same time. And maybe a couple of the old ones as well. Please let me be a lion again, please please pleaaaseeeee.
Generally speaking I don’t play horror games, as I have stated before, because I am a big coward who gets spooked very easily and would much rather watch other people get spooked instead. That being said, the one horror game series that I absolutely adore are the Metro games. Metro 2033 holds a place in my top ten, and maybe even my top five depending on how I feel, and I’ve played through it from beginning to end at least three times, as well as having read the novel the game is based off of (there should be fan translations floating around on Reddit and if you find one I recommend it highly). Metro Exodus will for sure be one of the games I pick up this year, hopefully without any launch issues, so I can dive back into the nuclear wasteland of post-apocalyptic Russia.
Last, but certainly not least, and maybe the game I’m looking forward to the most, is Red Dead Redemption 2. RDR is one of my favourite games, and I think one of the best Westerns to be made, however many stereotypes it might play on. RDR2 is a prequel to the original 2010 game, where the player follows the story of Arthur Morgan, a member of the Dutch van der Linde gang, the same gang that RDR protagonist John Marston was a member of until shortly before the game events. I trust the story to be just as good, but honestly as long as I can ride around on a horse, rob people, have gunfights and decide if I wanna be a good guy or an outlaw I’ll be a very, very happy girl.
Kat Haas is a history and anthropology student living outside Philadelphia. When she's not studying for her bachelor's degree she's modding or playing video games, from RPGs to FPS and classic adventure games.

Theatre Brook is a Japanese funk-rock band that made its début in 1986. They have been signed with Epic Records since 1995.
and KOKOMI (Vocal and Lyrics). They are an indie group and has since released 10 indie albums and 4 commercial single.
they started out releasing their music in the doujin scene, but have since also had their music used for anime and visual novels.

We hope to identify and rebuild the best of Google Reader’s features (including its API), but also advance them to fit the Internet of 2013, where networks and communities like Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Reddit and Hacker News offer powerful but often overwhelming signals as to what’s interesting. Don’t get us wrong: we don’t expect this to be a trivial undertaking. But we’re confident we can cook up a worthy successor.


i post this clip to memorialize it’s full exposure in the nyt by Maureen Dowd. the circumstances of this event were negligent to the point of criminality. i do not believe though with malicious intent. Quentin Tarantino, was deeply regretful and remains remorseful about this sorry event, and gave me the footage years later so i could expose it and let it see the light of day, regardless of it most likely being an event for which justice will never be possible. he also did so with full knowledge it could cause him personal harm, and i am proud of him for doing the right thing and for his courage. THE COVER UP after the fact is UNFORGIVABLE. for this i hold Lawrence Bender, E. Bennett Walsh, and the notorious Harvey Weinstein solely responsible. they lied, destroyed evidence, and continue to lie about the permanent harm they caused and then chose to suppress. the cover up did have malicious intent, and shame on these three for all eternity. CAA never sent anyone to Mexico. i hope they look after other clients more respectfully if they in fact want to do the job for which they take money with any decency.

You’ve probably heard of them...The Ford foundation, Rockefeller Foundation, Kellogg Foundation and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Annually, American foundations grant billions of dollars overseas. Over the past 10 years, nonprofits based in Austria have received over 35 million in grants from American foundations. Yet, many organizations still do not know how this market works, how big it is, where potential competitors are, what the expected hurdles are and how to start entering this market. How can your organization succeed as well and why would they give to you?
Learning outcomes include the kinds and numbers of US foundations, how much and to which nonprofits they give worldwide, zooming in to Austria and its cultural sector.

~A Sojourn~ Life on Planet Earth~ header photo-Riley Moore Falls, Oconee Co., SC "Did you ever suffer an attack of a wandering foot caused by the lure of that mystic unknown? There's is no permanent cure, relief only had while making the wilds your home."
So far February has been cloudy and rainy. Some days complete wash outs...like buckets of water...so on the sunny breaks I'm ready to get out and go someplace! I took a short ride over to this spot called the Clemson Sandhills Experimental Station. It's a pretty cool spot to hike, dog walk, and bird! I packed a sack lunch and drove over, its not too far away like 18 miles. There's 2 ponds and a lake. I hiked the lake trail it's about 2.1 miles, outlined in blue...
Lots of American Robins up high picking berries I ran into them throughout my hike....maybe 50 in total
They did have some competition the cedar waxwings...saw about 10 darting in and out of this tangle of brier.
In the woods area I saw 2 pair of Northern Cardinal, and they appeared to be searching for a nest spot...just the way they called to each other and the way they behaved made me think of Amor'e.
In the water I spotted 4 Pied Billed Grebes, and 8 Double Crested Cormorants...all pretty far from the edge,
I enjoyed his antics, and he stirred up a few more birds in the woods. A Hermit Thrush in the edge gave me a quick peek and higher up the Red Bellied Woodpecker squealed his displeasure too!
After the lunch break I finished the lake hike and stirred up the interest of this Myrtle Yellow Rump Warbler.
There is a young Pecan Orchard on the grounds and a few Northern Mockingbirds were patrolling the branches...
There is an open area where they experiment with sod of various kinds, about the time I got over there an Eagle flew over way up high...and down on the fence line another Eastern Bluebird...
I would def go around here again...there is enough hardwood to make some pretty fall color behind the lake, so I must make a mental note!
It looks a good park. Lots of species, I'm always amazed that in such a vast area you find so many types, but then as you once said you know where to look. Another park near you is Goodale, have you been there recently? I like the lighting on your shot of the Myrtle Yellow Rump Warbler.
Yes I go to Goodale quite frequently but I haven't seen much there lately. Another birder listed 15 wood duck but honestly I haven't seen more than one at a time there for a long time. I usually zero in on sound and then try to find the source of the call.
A terrific walk with a very pleasing range of species. I am sure that you will be making a return visit.
Another wonderful day of birding. So many and I can't even tell you which are my favorites. I love the waxwing, and of course the little eastern blue bird, n. cardinals are always and eye catcher and the robin is a memory bird for me. Then of course the bald eagle oh my. Thank You for another wonderful adventure
Thanks Jo, when I just want to really enjoy a day outside going to a spot where I can see, hear, and maybe catch a photo of a bird really makes me feel good! And I always meet people who want to talk to me about what I'm doing and this trip was no exception. Meet a nice lady who had never seen a Waxwing and I was able to point it out to her, she was amazed at how beautiful it was.
It's a lovely place and you got some great photos of the birds. I love the Waxwings, they're a bit hit and miss here, they over winter only and this year there has only been a handful come from the continent so we haven't seen any, last year was a good year and we had a large flock in our town for almost two months!
I will never forget the very first time I saw cedar waxwings...It was strangely enough in a Mall Parking Lot...a flock flew out of a tree in the lot so I followed them all over the lot trying to get a better look, my Mom was saying "look where you're going, we're going to crash into a car." LoL, but we didn't crash and I got a good look.
They do like their parking lots! Thank goodness you didn't crash....but it might almost have been worth it lol!
Hello, it is a beautiful park and a lovely walk. Wonderful captures of the birds. I love especially love the Waxwings and the sweet Bluebirds! Great photos and post. Have a happy day and weekend!
Waxwings are always a delight to see...I am always looking for one to have a peachy bum hoping for the bohemian!
I am a Gypsy at heart I love to travel and be out in nature! My goal is to set foot in all 50 of the US of A. only Hawaii to go! Living life my way!
March 27th Oh give me a home.... Willcox AZ is where I got off I-10 toward the Chiricahua National Monument on Hwy 186. In W...
November 12, 2018 Richard Stevens: I returned to inspect the Arapahoe County Reservoirs this afternoon. Temperatures never warmed up; the high was 26 de...
Hello and Happy Monday! Officially Veterans Day is Nov 11th, but today is the day workers in the USA celebrate Veterans Day. I am thankful to all those who...
We are still getting organized in our new Eugene home. It does already feel like home except for the kitchen, where everything seems to be in the wrong pla...
Thank you all Veterans past and present! Bless you all! Well my last weeks flu shot sure caused me a wealth of issues. Had to go to the Dr. My blood sugar ...
The Wire Soldiers at Slimbridge Church. Each sculpture by artist Jackie Lantelli stands at the foot of a grave where a serviceman from this parish is bu...
On the 29th the temperature dropped low enough for a frost. I love how it all looks as the sun comes up and everything glows white. Luckily I was able to h...
It's been almost a year since I first visited the section of the Burnt Bridge Creek Trail that is called Meadowbrook Marsh Park. I was still mourning the ...
Early every morning, I sit quietly with my cup of coffee and take a lovely scroll through Quiltland, checking blogs, following links, literally falling dow...
*08 October - 16 October 2018* *08 October 2018* *Melbourne Airport - Lilydale - Mont Albert - Lilydale* We touched down in Melbourne a little behind...
Our trek to Organ Pipe was interesting, but it was the work in Mexico that had me more interested. A lot of birders signed up for a gull workshop with A...
*10/27/18 * For this month’s Birder Patrol trip, Pat made the suggestion to visit a few McAllen eBird hotspots that were not commonly visited. This time t...
It's that time of year here in Ohio when days of opposing temperatures are coupled together in a 48 hour cycle: yesterday was 80 F, tonight will be 45 F an...

The Christmas holidays is the time of the year when students of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry have the option to go home via the Hogwarts Express for Christmas, or to stay in the castle. However, if one stays, there are no classes. The holidays are two weeks long.
The year begins on September 1; Hogwarts Express leaves King's Cross. of those who are staying over the Christmas holidays; end of first term is usually .
Celebrate the holidays in Orlando at Universal Studios Floridaâ„¢, Universal's. Hogwarts castle lit up with Christmas lights at night during the holidays event at .
Experience Christmas in the Wizarding World and discover how film-makers. The Great Hall will be lined with Christmas trees and the long dining tables will be .
All day, Student Holiday - Elementary Parent Conference - Secondary Staff Development. 6:00pm - 9:00pm,…

WESTON, Fla., April 13, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Biggrey Trust takes the best of what other consumer protection services have to offer and combines them all into one winning solution. Biggrey Trust has two missions: to provide consumer protection and to help stores increase sales. When you have one, the other will follow.
DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla., March 29, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — RedFin POS, a leading provider of secure payment applications and payment gateway solutions, has launched SharkSwipe: a mobile app that allows for mobile transactions utilizing the super-compact, Bluetooth MSR/Chip &amp; PIN SharkSwipe device. The free app is available today by visiting the Apple iTunes App Store, […]
PEMBROKE PINES, Fla., March 8, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Sunshine Capital, Inc. (Pink Sheets: SCNP) announces the opening of its new corporate website. Shareholders and other interested parties can view the new website at www.PinkSheetsSCNP.com.
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., March 7, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Leading web-based financial services quality control (QC) software provider ACES Risk Management (ARMCO) announced the release of a major upgrade to its flagship QC software system ACES Web Audit Technology(TM) (ACES) to improve overall functionality, while supporting lenders and originators still struggling with TRID compliance.
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., March 3, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ACES Risk Management (ARMCO), a leading provider of web-based quality control software for the financial services industry, announced it has been included in the HousingWire HW TECH100(TM) list for the second year in a row. In addition, ARMCO received special recognition as the winner of the […]
DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla., Feb. 11, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — RedFin today announced the launch of a web-based electronic bill payment and presentment (EBPP) platform to its payment gateway. The new platform allows merchants to generate and email secure payment links to customers who can then make payments through a secure payment form and/or make donations […]
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla., Feb. 4, 2016 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — CCMC, the leading provider of financial technology integration solutions, announced the appointment of Steven Giannotti as Senior Vice President. Steve will report to President and Chief Executive Officer, Gene Lederer.
Sunshine Capital, Inc. Announces Joint Venture with Widjits, Inc. to Publish Three Book Deal with Micro Cap Magnate Daniel J. Duffy
PEMBROKE PINES, Fla., Nov. 30, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Sunshine Capital, Inc. (PinkSheets:SCNP) today announced a joint venture with the publishing division of Widjits, Inc., an independent company, of a three book deal with micro-cap stock magnate Daniel J. Duffy, who is in prison and currently appealing convictions for murder and conspiracy to commit murder, […]
PEMBROKE PINES, Fla., Nov. 12, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Sunshine Capital, Inc. (Pink Sheets:SCNP) today announced that Mr. Lindel Regis has been chosen as President and CEO of the Company. ‘We are going to build shareholder value,’ stated the new appointment, Mr. Regis.
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla., Oct. 13, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — PitBullTax Software version 3.0 is now available. Designed for tax professionals who are seeking to take their tax resolution business to the next level, this new and more robust version packs one mean bite. With the available fully integrated IRS transcript delivery, analysis and reporting module, […]
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Sept. 2, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Leading web-based financial services quality control software provider ACES Risk Management (ARMCO) announced the release of TRIDCompare(TM), a data compare tool designed specifically for the new TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TRID). TRIDCompare is a component of the Automated Data Compare (ADC) solution suite within the ACES Web […]
ARMCO Executives to Address Mortgage Pre/Post-Funding QA, Loan Defect Rates at MBA Risk Management, QA and Fraud Prevention Forum
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Aug. 19, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Leading web-based financial services quality control software provider ACES Risk Management (ARMCO) announced two of its top executives will participate in panels at the Mortgage Bankers Association’s (MBA) Risk Management, QA and Fraud Prevention Forum 2015, Sept. 9-11 in Dallas.
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Aug. 12, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Phil McCall, COO of leading web-based financial services quality control software provider ACES Risk Management (ARMCO), advises mortgage lenders to develop unique quality control audits for each of the niche mortgage lending products they may offer, including jumbo, USDA, VA and HECM/reverse.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. and DALLAS, Texas, July 15, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose(R), an enterprise-class, multi-channel, end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it is now delivering weekly data for the U.S. Mortgage Market Index, an indicator of upcoming mortgage originations that is published by Mortgage Daily, a leading online news and data […]
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., June 30, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose(R), an enterprise-class, multi-channel, end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it hired Patrick Mancier as senior software developer.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., May 14, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class, multi-channel end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it has released version 4.0 of OC Optics(TM), a web-based analytics and reporting system that integrates tightly with its LenderAssist(TM) LOS platform. The enhancements provide clients with more control, added functionality, and robust […]
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., April 16, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that industry veteran Ken Ellis has been hired as director of business development. Ellis will be responsible for selling the company’s multi-channel LenderAssist(TM) LOS platform to lenders, banks and credit unions.
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla., April 7, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — CCMC, the financial industry’s integration experts, has announced a new offering available for its Mortgage Loan Connector(TM) solution, providing customers with greater flexibility when changing systems.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., March 19, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it has been named to HousingWire magazine’s second annual HWTECH 100(TM) list for 2015. HW TECH100 honors the 100 most innovative technology companies serving the U.S. mortgage finance and real estate industries.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Feb. 26, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — *RETRACTION* (correct and replace) — In a press release issued by OPENCLOSE on Feb. 24, an inadvertent error was included in the 7th paragraph that referred to Agile Alliance as a certifying body instead of an educational and trade group promoting Agile software development. The […]
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Feb. 24, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it hired Will Foy as integration manager. In this role, he will be responsible for client integrations, project management, quality assurance and testing, the application of agile technology methods, and business analysis and solution […]
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Feb. 18, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ACES Risk Management (ARMCO), a leading provider of web-based quality control software for the financial services industry, announced it has been selected to present during the inaugural ‘Technology Showcase. at the Mortgage Bankers Association’s (MBA’s) National Technology in Mortgage Banking Conference and Expo 2015 in Orlando.
By ARMCO - ACES Risk Management on February 4, 2015 in Business & Technology News, Mass Media News, quality control software
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Feb. 4, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ARMCO – ACES Risk Management, a leading provider of web-based quality control software for the financial services industry, announced it has enhanced the reporting capabilities of ACES Web Audit Technology(TM) through an innovative integration with Tableau Software, a global leader in rapid-fire, easy-to-use business analytics software.
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Jan. 7, 2015 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ARMCO – ACES Risk Management, a leading provider of web-based audit technology for the financial services industry, has announced it has hired seasoned mortgage quality control expert Phil McCall as chief operating officer. McCall brings more than 20 years of experience in quality control, loan origination […]
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Dec. 9, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that Pacific Union Financial, LLC signed with the company to implement its multi-channel, 100 percent browser-based LOS platform, LenderAssist(TM). The comprehensive solution will automate Pacific Union Financial’s wholesale lending functions from start to finish and […]
OpenClose Reports Banner Year, Adds Staff to Handle Increasing Demand for its End-to-End LOS Platform and Correspondent and Wholesale Solutions
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Oct. 14, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it is adding technical staff to effectively manage a growing demand for its browser-based LOS platform, LenderAssist(TM), and accompanying solutions. Amid a down market, OpenClose is having its best revenue growth year in company […]
By ARMCO ACES Risk Management on October 7, 2014 in Business & Technology News, Kroll Factual Data, loan auditing, Mass Media News
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Oct. 7, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ARMCO – ACES Risk Management, a leading provider of web-based audit technology for the financial services industry, has announced the seamless integration of its loan auditing platform with independent data verification services from Kroll Factual Data, a leading provider of credit, risk mitigation and third-party verification […]
POMPANO BEACH, Fla., Sept. 4, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — ARMCO – ACES Risk Management, a leading provider of web-based audit technology for the financial services industry, has announced the launch of ACES Analytics(TM), a business intelligence tool that will, for the first time, allow mortgage professionals to benchmark quality control results against industry peers. The […]
By CCMC Inc. on July 23, 2014 in Business & Technology News, financial technology systems, loan origination systems, Mass Media News
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla., July 23, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — CCMC, the leading provider of financial technology integration solutions, announced the appointment of Matthew Borg as Chief Financial Officer. He will report to President and Chief Executive Officer Gene Lederer.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., July 11, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that lenders are successfully using the secondary marketing component of its LOS, LenderAssist(TM), to deliver greater insight and control for secondary marketing departments.
PALM BEACH, Fla., March 11, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, announced that it has been named to HousingWire magazine’s new HWTECH 100(TM) list. OpenClose is among twenty three companies recognized in the lending category of the Top 100 Innovative Technology Vendors list.
By Quandis, Inc. on February 19, 2014 in Business & Technology News, default management tech, Mass Media News
ORLANDO, Fla., Feb. 19, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Quandis, Inc., a leading provider of default management technology solutions, announced at the Mortgage Bankers Association’s National Servicing Conference and Exposition in Orlando, Florida that it made significant enhancements to its automated searches of PACER (Public Access to Court Electronic Records), the United States Courts bankruptcy locater […]
PALM BEACH, Fla., Feb. 14, 2014 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — OpenClose, an enterprise-class end-to-end loan origination system (LOS) provider, today announced that is has implemented the functionality necessary for lenders to adhere to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) new Qualified Mortgage (QM) and Ability-to-Replay (ATR) rules. The company’s client base is successfully processing QM loans.
By CCMC Inc. on October 16, 2013 in Business & Technology News, loan origination systems, Mass Media News, Mortgagebot Enterprise
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla., Oct. 16, 2013 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — CCMC, the leading provider of integration solutions for financial systems, and D+H Mortgagebot, have entered into a strategic partnership to provide seamless connectivity between Mortgagebot EnterpriseLOS(R) and all major core processing systems. With the new, advanced integration, lenders have an automated end-to-end solution that dramatically reduces […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — South Florida Smile Spa commenced its 2012 Grand Opening by launching a new dental office for families in the Fort Lauderdale and Pompano Beach neighborhood, which offers general and cosmetic dentistry, sedation, one hour whitening, oral surgery and root canal treatment; all procedures are done on the premises.
Riverside Surgical and Weight Loss Center now offering robotically-assisted da Vinci Surgical System as part of weight loss options
SEBASTIAN, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Riverside Surgical and Weight Loss Center is now offering robotically-assisted minimally invasive surgery as a weight loss surgery option. The addition of this technology to the practice makes Riverside Surgical and Weight Loss Center one of only a handful of bariatric surgical centers in Florida using the most advanced techniques […]
STARR Treatment Bariatric Surgery now offered by Riverside Surgical Weight Loss Center, Drs. Patrick Domkowski and Jason Radeke
SEBASTIAN, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Riverside Surgical and Weight Loss Center is now offering the STARR Treatment to its bariatric surgery patients. STARR, which stands for ‘surgical tiny access and rapid recovery,’ is a state-of-the-art, micro-laparoscopic technique that is thought to improve recovery from a gastric sleeve or band procedure.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Luxury RV rentals are not just for special occasions. Staff at Allstar Coaches will tell you that it gets creative and practical client requests as well. Rob Tischler, CEO of Allstar Coaches, says that there are so many reasons to rent a luxury RV that many people have likely […]
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Cosmetic Reconstructive Dentistry recently announced that they will be hosting free diabetes screening days at their Ives Dairy Road location in North Miami starting on October 18, 2012. Future screenings will be held on the third Thursday of each month.
TAMPA, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Telovations Inc., a next generation Communications Company, announced today its latest Partner Programs, available to resellers and MSPs. The two new, innovative programs are being introduced at the Channel Partner Expo in Orlando, Fla.
MIAMI, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — According to Mrs. Mezidor’s attorney, Edward R. Blumberg, Esq., Marie Pierre Mezidor, on behalf of herself, her son, her daughter and the entire Mezidor family, thanks the people of Miami-Dade County for their thoughts and prayers. It has been a difficult 19 days waiting for the authorities to find the […]
ORLANDO, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — In response to the growing number of concerns regarding children’s safety on the internet, The Children’s Internet created the KidWideWeb, a software platform that keeps kids safe online. This internet security platform will protect children from adult-oriented online content, prevent children from meeting sexual predators online, keep kids from landing […]
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Telovations, the Southeast’s leading Cloud Communications company, announced Inc. magazine has ranked Telovations No. 1820 on its annual Inc. 500|5000, an exclusive ranking of the nation’s fastest-growing private companies. The list represents the most comprehensive look at the most important segment of the economy-America’s independent entrepreneurs.
MIRAMAR, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — The television viewing habits of children and adults alike are changing on an almost daily basis. Viewing options abound and parents and teachers are taking notice. Customizing a child’s viewing habits is becoming easier and easier and Silva Animation Studio, Inc., the producer of Color with Leo(R), is reaching new […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Allstar Coaches, the national RV rental dealer based in Florida, has announced today that it stands ready to assist in the wake of Hurricane Isaac. Allstar provided more than 30 RV rentals to government agencies, the Red Cross and various utility and insurance companies following Hurricane Katrina. ‘As a […]
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — While the economic recovery is slow, there are many bright spots in Tampa Bay. Telovations, along with two other Tampa companies, Bayshore Solutions and ReliaQuest, are recognized by The Florida Economic Gardening Institute (GrowFL) at the University of Central Florida as Florida Companies to Watch.
Second Street Capital, Inc. Joins Forces with NeoPod Systems, LLC to Bring Quality Affordable Housing to the Market
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Second Street Capital, Inc., has joined forces with NeoPod Systems, LLC to provide builders with tools to help them bring quality affordable housing to the market in order to answer the housing needs of communities across the U.S. as well as many areas throughout the world. In order to […]
MIAMI, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Have you visited an athletic shoe store or department lately? ‘I recently walked into a retail outlet for athletic footwear and was overwhelmed by the number of shoes that were on display, too many to count,’ says Emory Williams Jr., one of the founders of True Fan Sports, Inc., a […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Traveling in a luxury RV rental just got even better. Allstar Coaches is paving the way and setting new standards in the luxury motorhome rental market. RV rentals continue to grow in popularity. The Recreational Vehicle Industry Association (RVIA) attributes this growth to flexibility and convenience, comfort, family appeal, […]
SANFORD, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Wildlife Solutions, Inc., a Florida-based wildlife control company, is going to be featured on the Nat Geo WILD channel this Sunday, June 3, at 9 p.m. EDT. The show is called ‘Animal Superpowers: Extreme Hunters’ and it spotlights a Wildlife Solutions technician capturing and handling a deadly venomous snake while […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — According to Allstar Coaches, the RV rental industry is poised to have its best year ever; thanks in part to the highest air fares seen in more than three decades. The airline industry’s seemingly relentless commitment to create innovative new ways to bilk consumers is finally driving them away.
BOCA RATON, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — The Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals has reversed a District Court’s Judgment which found that former FINRA board member Richard Goble, founder and owner of North American Clearing, Inc. (NACI) engaged in securities fraud, announced his counsel Eric Lee of Lee and Amtzis, P.L. The Appellate Court also reversed […]
CCMC’s New Lending-Connector Products are Designed to Carry Loan Workflow Automation and Employee Productivity to Next Level
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — CCMC Inc., the leading provider of integration solutions for lending systems, announces the availability of its new Lending-Connector(TM) product family. The cutting edge Lending-Connector(TM) products are designed to carry loan workflow automation and employee productivity to the next level.
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Southeast Computer Solutions announced today that it has sold its first Sage ERP X3 software solution to Miami-based Gems Group. With locations in Miami and Colombia, Gems Group is a team of dedicated professionals with a passion for marketing fresh cut flowers that are sold throughout the United States at […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Branded RV rentals have emerged as a cutting edge marketing tool and are becoming popular among companies looking increase their exposure and enhance their corporate identity. Florida based RV rental firm Allstar Coaches has been using vehicle wrap technology for years on its fleet of luxury motorhomes as it […]
TAMPA, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Telovations Inc., a next generation Communications Company, announced today its latest product innovation, VocalQ(SM), a hosted recording and analytics platform. VocalQ measures your company’s communication intelligence and allows you to discover the true conversations that are happening within your business.
Tampa-based Telovations Inc. has signed an agreement with Resource Partners Group Inc. of Chicago to become a Channel Partner
TAMPA, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Telovations Inc., a next generation Communications Company has signed an agreement with Resource Partners Group Inc. of Chicago to become a Channel Partner. Resource Partners Group will now be selling Telovations’ hosted services to enterprises throughout the United States.
Beleza Pura, LLC announced this week the launch of Kerarganic – its newest line of keratin treatment and hair straightener
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Beleza Pura, LLC announced this week the launch of Kerarganic(R) – its newest line of keratin treatment and hair straightener. Designed to shake up the beauty market, it’s 100 percent formaldehyde-free, contains UV-protection ingredients and is the only keratin lotion in the world to contain 24-karat gold nanoparticles to intensify […]
For the fifth year running, LDV Capital Management will host the 2012 Sunshine on Wall Street Dinner Conference in October
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — For the fifth year running, LDV Capital Management will host the 2012 Sunshine on Wall Street Dinner Conference in October. During the entire month of October, 2012, LDV will host a series of dinners and luncheons throughout the South Florida area.
LAKE WORTH, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — The Pew Center on the States on Monday reported tremendous nationwide growth in emergency room visits for many easily prevented dental problems. In Florida, emergency room visits doubled between 2008 and 2010, totaling more than 115,000 visits and generating more than $88 million in medical charges. Pew obtained its […]
CCMC Inc., the financial industry’s premier automated interface supplier, announced an agreement with MortgageFlex Systems
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — CCMC Inc, the financial industry’s premier automated interface supplier, announced an agreement with MortgageFlex Systems, an innovative provider of mortgage lending software, to offer its BridgeWare line of interface products to complement the MortgageFlex loan origination system, LoanQuest.
TAMPA, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Telovations announced today that TMC, a global, integrated media company, has named Speech Assist as a recipient of the 2011 INTERNET TELEPHONY Product of the Year Award.
Miami-based Combine Motor Works is looking to partner with the right auto manufacturer to help bring the Combine 4.0 automobile into reality
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Have you ever attended a Sports Combine, or even know what a Combine is? Well if your answer is no, don’t worry you soon will, maybe even have your own Combine, Combine automobile that is. Combine Motor Works, Inc., a Miami based company, is now looking to partner with the […]
Sunnyland Antique Boat Festival comes to Lake Dora at Wooton Park in Tavares on March 23, 24, and 25, 2012
TAVARES, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — If you’ve always wanted a close-up view of a boat like James Bond’s or an exciting ride in a seaplane, cruise over to the Sunnyland Antique Boat Festival on Lake Dora at Wooton Park in Tavares on March 23, 24, and 25, 2012. Those are just a couple of the […]
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Smith McKenna, LLC announced this week that 2012 is the time to invest in silver. Stephen M. Smith, managing member Smith McKenna, has 20 plus years of experience in commodity-market analysis and advises that silver will emerge as king.
ORLANDO, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — ThePeoplesVote.com is pleased to announce that George Jensen, Jr., current President and CEO of Jensen Expansion Capital, Inc. has joined their Board of Directors. Mr. Jensen will be advising the company on strategic planning and long term expansion, and will also be investing in the company.
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — With the expectation of small business loan financing to remain bleak into the upcoming holiday season, merchants and small business owners will be seeking out alternative means of working capital for the Christmas rush, expected to result in an increased demand for merchant cash advances from financing sources like […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Airfares have been steadily on the rise and weary travelers are searching for alternative means of travel as holiday season approaches. Rob Tischler, CEO of Allstar Coaches said ‘When considering the cost of airfare, hotels, and meals out, it’s no wonder that people are turning to RV rentals. The […]
Florida and U.S. Home Rental Prices are Soaring as Residential Values Stay Low, says Foreclosure Deals
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Foreclosure Deals, a leading provider of foreclosure listings, news and information, has released new research on home prices and rent values across the nation. Drawn on data collected from regional and local real estate markets, the numbers demonstrate the relationship between the average cost of rent and the average cost […]
VERO BEACH, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Second Street Capital, Inc. (SSCI), a publicly traded company, that suffered through the housing and credit crises beginning in 2007, has recently begun the process of recapitalizing and will soon begin operating as a specialty finance company, providing working capital to small and medium size local businesses and entrepreneurs. […]
Calton, Inc. (CTON.PK) announced today that The Company has raised $600,000 in a private offering of Common Stock
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., /Florida Newswire/ — Calton, Inc. (CTON.PK / PINK:CTON) announced today that The Company has raised $600,000 in a private offering of Common Stock and The Company’s corporate name has been changed to Second Street Capital, Inc.
Melbourne Florida Property – Commercial Land Auction Nov. 29 announced by United Country Certified Real Estate
Florida’s BCA continues to grow its business loan alternative financing program to accommodate merchants in need of fast financing
CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — As banks continue to place strict requirements on business loans for small businesses and merchants, BCA (BusinessCashAdvance.com) continues to grow its business loan alternative financing program to accommodate merchants in need of fast financing.
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — A Heat-Wave during winter! Yes, it’s true. True Fan Sports, Inc., a Miami based company, recently began selling several new sports related products, primarily ‘Sports Rally Towels’ and is today announcing The Heat-Wave Towel(R).
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — The leading Internet provider of paper rolls and other point-of-sale (POS) supplies, POSPaper, announced this week that it is opening two additional distribution centers in Dallas and Chicago. They are expected to open in mid-November of this year.
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Hair Spa Dance’s Grand Opening November 19, 2011 will feature: music, food, and 50 percent off all our products and services, dance shows, multiple vendors, and many prizes. Hair Spa Dance is a unique combination of hair salon/spa and dance studio.
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Dr. Craig Spodak, of Spodak Dental Group in Delray Beach, FL, was recently honored by the South Florida Business Journal as a finalist among health care CEOs in South Florida. Leading health care professionals across Dade, Broward and Palm Beach Counties gathered to honor local organizations that are making […]
MIAMI, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Southeast Computer Solutions (SCS), a Miami-based consulting firm specializing in Sage software solutions, announced today it has added Sage ERP X3 to its product portfolio which also includes Sage ERP MAS 90 and 200, Sage ERP MAS 500, Sage ERP Accpac, Sage Abra, Sage SalesLogix, and SageCRM.
A newly-launched website, DieselRVSearch.com provides RV lovers with the ability to buy and sell new and used RVs
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — A newly-launched website, DieselRVSearch.com, not only provides RV lovers with the ability to buy and sell new and used RVs, it also offers RV resources to make life a little easier when on the road.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — From October 12 to 14, Southern Arc Minerals (TSX-V:SA) and New Zealand Energy Corp. (TSX-V:NZ) will be making corporate presentations to the South Florida financial community.
Hosted by LDV Capital Management, Enerplus Corporation to visit Stock and Bond Club of South Florida
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Effective October 13, 2011, Enerplus Corporation (NYSE: ERF) will make corporate presentations to the South Florida financial community, including the 46 year old Stock and Bond Club of South Florida.
LADY LAKE, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — Tickets starting at $35 are still available to see award-winning country-music mother and daughter legends Naomi and Wynonna Judd take their final Central Florida bow on the Last Encore Tour, October 15, 2011, as they headline The Grand Oaks Festival featuring The Judds, according to Alliance Healthcare Foundation President […]
ALTAMONTE SPRINGS, Fla. /Florida Newswire/ — CCMC Inc., the leading provider of automated interfaces for the financial industry, announced an agreement with COCC, the seventh largest technology service provider in the U.S., to provide ccmcBridge connecting their next generation core processing system with the industry’s leading loan origination systems.
MIAMI, Fla., Sept. 27, 2011 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Southeast Computer Solutions (www.southeastcomputers.com), a Miami-based consulting firm specializing in Sage business software and implementations, announced today the hiring of Luis Aviles. As Business Development Director, Aviles will work with Southeast Computer Solutions (SCS) existing customers as well as developing opportunities with new prospects.
LADY LAKE, Fla., Sept. 22, 2011 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Mother and daughter country legends Naomi and Wynonna Judd will make their final scheduled Central Florida stop on their Last Encore Tour, October 15, as headliners of The Grand Oaks Festival featuring The Judds, to benefit the Alliance Healthcare Foundation.
ROCKLEDGE, Fla., Sept. 22, 2011 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — LRM Industries International, Inc., headquartered in Rockledge, Florida, is the Society of Plastics Engineers 2011 Parts Competition Winner in heavy gauge vacuum forming, as a Gold Medalist.
ORLANDO, Fla., Sept. 20, 2011 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Wearing sagging pants has not only been outlawed in Florida public schools, but the Metropolitan Etiquette Authority recently launched a New York City-wide poster campaign to ‘Pull up Your Pants.’ Additionally, a San Francisco musician, Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, was recently booted off Southwest Airlines […]
MIAMI, Fla., Sept. 20, 2011 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Southeast Computer Solutions (SCS), the largest authorized Sage Business Partner in Miami, announced today the availability of an interface between Sage Intergy Practice Management and Sage ERP MAS 500. It was developed and designed by SCS to allow system users to view and analyze financial data collected […]
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Florida based RV rental dealer Allstar Coaches, announced today the October 11 grand opening of their brand new full service RV rental and travel center in Fort Lauderdale. ‘We are very excited about opening our new facility which will now serve South Florida’s growing RV community perfectly,’ said CEO […]
ROCKLEDGE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — LRM Industries International, Inc., headquartered in Rockledge, Florida, announces ASSHTO H-25 load certification for its two unique, high-efficiency HydroDome stormwater chambers.
MIAMI, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Southeast Computer Solutions, a Miami-based consulting firm specializing in Sage business software and implementations, was ranked 75 on the Accounting Today VAR 100, a ranking of the top 100 business software consulting firms in the nation by revenue.
LADY LAKE, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Naomi and Wynonna Judd, the most successful female duo in country music history, will soon take their final Florida bow on The ‘Last Encore Tour,’ as headliners for The Grand Oaks Festival featuring The Judds, Saturday, October 15. The concert will benefit the Alliance Healthcare Foundation.
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — J.S. Cruise Line, the new world of travel, has been struggling to keep up in an economy that is under attack. However, a recent influx of cash may be just what the company needs to attract and retain new customers.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — It all started in front of a coffee shop in Daytona Beach, FL. Pavlina Osta, a 10-year old musician, was playing the steel drums and piqued the interest of a local radio show; this quickly led to a show of her own and to the creation of Pavlina Productions.
BOCA RATON, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Zavee, the cash back rewards loyalty program, is featured in the Monday, August 1st edition of the Sun-Sentinel’s Manager Minute column by Cindy Kent. The business article in the Money section of the paper features Jerry Horowitz, vice president of merchant sales for Zavee. In the article, he discusses […]
ORLANDO, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — CCMC, Inc., the financial industry’s leading technology interface provider, has added a new key member to their sales support team. Jason Lowe has been named the new Vice President of Sales for CCMC Inc. and brings a breadth of experience to the company. Jason’s primary objectives will be in supporting […]
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Telovations, Inc., a leading provider of Cloud Communications services to business has launched Speech Assist, a voice recognition technology for Auto Attendants. With Speech Assist Telovations’ customers can easily and cost effectively add speech recognition to their call flows, allowing callers to quickly reach who they need without the frustration […]
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Profitable Organizer, LLC, announced this week the launch of its new website designed to provide people with the necessary tools, products and support needed to teach them how to become a professional organizer and set up their own business.
TAMPA, Fla. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Telovations Inc., one of the nation’s leading providers of cloud communications services to business, announces the acquisition of FeatureTel, the leading IP telephony company in North Carolina. The acquisition expands the Telovations network footprint, increases its software integration capabilities and strengthens the company’s customer base. In addition, the company will […]
“I‘m sure at some point Jeffery Dahmer ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches… does it then make the fact that he ate people less wrong? – Elisabeth Hasselbeck, the View: On March 24, 2008, Hasselbeck called Rev. Jeremiah Wright a racist and equated him to serial killer JeffreyDahmer.
“Sexy, blonde bombshell Elisabeth Hasselbeck’s logic typifies the logic of all white Americans. When making blanket statements such as these about the white race, it is important to know their history so the comments aren’t taken out of context. Remember,” says Ghetto Bragging Rights publisher Kirkland Perkins, “There is only one political party in America: the white party. Playing Democrat VS Republican is a game to them.”
“Hasselbeck’s stament’s have their root in the Classic American Racial Psychosis (CARP) disorder that all whites suffer from,” says racial psychologist Dr. Louis Sidney Jacobs. “They are disillusioned beyond repair with the concepts of racial beauty and superiority.”
“Word in the Nation is that one of the sisters on the show has already impregnated Hasselbeck with a melanoma,” says Yacub13X national spokesman Yusef Ali. “Now the Sun of God will express the perversion of her words through her superior skin and bombshell blonde hair. Henceforth, she, like the Fig Tree is cursed. For, she has leaves but bears no fruit. Her melanoma execution is yet another sign of the 2nd Coming of the Sun of God.”
Our feet invade the dusty, empty floor of the room – today is the day. In this unreal scenario, anything can be re-used, transformed. A massive human construction, with square kilometers of stuffed rooms, with all the things one could ever think about – an Oxford dictionary wouldn’t be enough to name them. The unreal becomes our reality. As a message somewhere in the building says: “Home is where we are”.
Has your day ever lit up with a sudden and unexpected finding? A note in the book you took from the library? A box urging you to pick it up, containing a magic surprise a stranger had left there for you?
The idea is to leave around notes, images, boxes and whatever one can come up with.Purpose? Set people's thoughts and smiles on fire!
Hundreds of users from the Netherlands, Portugal, Latvia, German, UK, Spain and other countries are statisfied with results and recommend You to try out! Want more - write order@mastazine.net!

The tunnel replacing the Alaskan Way Viaduct (SR-99) will pass beneath 158 existing structures requiring an extensive program of vibration and settlement monitoring as well as some remediation. Of the 158 buildings, WSDOT identified 20 as needing some remediation, but the contractor has shortened that list to 7 structures. For those 7 the tolerable settlement is 1/2 inch, for the remaining, it is 1 inch. Remediation will consist of grouting in at least one case, and micropile walls in other cases where the tunnel alignment doesn’t pass directly underneath the structure. The existing viaduct will also get micropiles for stabilization. Utility relocation and geotechnical instrumentation will take place this year with additional work beginning next year. Tunneling won’t begin until mid-2013 on the $1.4 Billion megaproject. [Source: Seattle Times Newspaper. Image: Storify]
January 20, 2010 rockman Press Releases Comments Off on Nicholson Awarded Earth Retention Contract for Seattle Light Rail Project
PITTSBURGH, PA – January 15, 2010 – Nicholson was awarded a subcontract by Traylor Bros./Frontier-Kemper JV that includes temporary shoring and the construction of the permanent reinforced concrete diaphragm walls for the a new light rail station near the University of Washington’s Husky Stadium in Seattle. The project owner is Sound Transit and the work will be completed in a joint venture with Condon-Johnson & Associates. [Editor] Click through for the entire press release from GeoPrac.net sponsor Nicholson Construction. [/Editor] […]
May 5, 2011 rockman Project Related Comments Off on Going Underground at Dulles Airport in Washington, D.C.
The cover story for Tunnel Boring Magazine’s April 2011 issue is about the Aero-train tunnel at Dulles Airport that has recently celebrated it’s first year of operation. There are 3 miles of tunnels that guide […]
January 12, 2016 rockman Project Related Comments Off on High altitude foundation construction with Crux
This is an awesome limited access foundation project from Crux Subsurface! They designed and installed micropile foundations for new steel tubular towers to replace old steel latice structures. The high altitude (about 10,000 feet) meant […]
Hi there! I'm a bike messenger by day, aspiring actor by night, and this is my blog. I live in Los Angeles, have a great dog named Jack, and I like piña coladas. (And gettin' caught in the rain.)
Mobile Health (“mHealth”), the use of mobile technology to deliver healthcare services and information, skyrocketed in 2012. 44 million health apps will have been downloaded by the end of the year (predicted to reach 142 million downloads by 2016), and consumers are now spending $700 million per year on these apps. There are over 10,000 health apps in the iTunes app store, the number of American using smartphones for health information grew from 61 million to 75 million this year, and 88% of doctors would like patients to monitor their health at home.
1) MediSafe Project – MediSafe Project is the first-ever cloud-synced pillbox app that not only reminds you when it’s time to take your medication, but also sends your family, friends and caretakers alerts if you miss a dose, leveraging the power of your support system to keep you healthier. Compatible with the FDA’s drug database, generic and brand name medications autocomplete as users enter them – automatically recording the correct pharmaceutical name, manufacturer and medication strength. Or, use your smartphone’s camera to snap the FDA’s universal National Drug Code (NDC) number, found on all original pharmaceutical packaging, to enter a medication. iPhone and Android. Free.
2) EveryoneEat! – EveryoneEat! helps the 150 million American living with a chronic condition or dietary restriction find restaurants serving meals appropriate for them. By partnering with nationally recognized health associations, clinical and registered dietitians, and thousands of your favorite restaurants, the app finds dishes that meet your dietary needs and displays them by cuisine type or restaurant name. Simply enter your age, height, weight, gender and activity level, and the app is ready to use. iPhone and Android. Free.
3) WebMD Pain Coach – WebMD Pain Coach helps people with chronic pain conditions make daily health and wellness choices, so they can manage their pain smarter. From back pain to migraines, the app lets you record daily pain levels, export your pain history to PDF and email it to your doctor. You can also select doctor-approved goals from five lifestyle categories related to your pain condition(s): Food, Rest, Exercise, Mood, and Treatments, view ‘bite-sized’ tips matched with your goals and organized into the same five lifestyle categories, and read hundreds of articles, videos, slideshows and quizzes on pain management related to your condition(s). iPhone only. Free.
4) Emotion Select – Part of the ‘Spotlight Autism’ app series, Emotion Select helps children on the Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) or those suffering other social delays practice learning and identifying emotions. After reviewing illustrations for joy, sadness, anger, surprise, and fear, children are given the chance to anticipate and apply them in ‘real life’ social situations. Includes statistical analysis for parents, teachers and therapists to track specific strengths and weaknesses of children’s learning progression. iPhone only. $9.99.
5) Emergency Kit – Emergency Kit is an easy way to aggregate all of your most critical information – and could save your life in a medical emergency. Emergency technicians will be able to view your vital stats including blood type, allergies, medications, and emergency contacts within the app. It can also turn your phone into an SOS light beacon, send out an emergency text message or email with your GPS coordinates, or look up how to treat different injuries. Windows Phone. Free.
Omri ‘Bob’ Shor is co-founder and CEO of the MediSafe Project, the first cloud-synced mobile app helping families prevent emergencies caused by over- or under-dosing medications.
Inspired to create the MediSafe Project with his brother after their diabetic father accidentally double-dosed on insulin, Shor drew on his considerable entrepreneurship experience to successfully develop and bring the product to market in less than one year. MediSafe continues to receive support from the Microsoft Accelerator for Windows Azure, after graduating its inaugural program for early stage, mobile & cloud-based startups.
Previously, Shor served as marketing and product manager for legal app developer Masadit Software, where he increased the company’s roster from eight to 2,000 clients, enabling it to reach sustainable profitability. Prior to that, he managed a department of twenty-five salespeople for Yedioth Ahronoth, Israel’s most widely circulated newspaper.
Since 2012, Shor has been a leader of Entrepreneurs in Jeans, a Boston-sponsored organization promoting the entrepreneurial scene in his hometown of Haifa, Israel. He was also an Israeli Air Force Flight Academy cadet and decorated army sergeant, having commanded a paratroopers’ unit in the Israel Defense Forces from 1999-2002.
Shor received an MBA in Entrepreneurship & Strategy, cum laude, from The College of Management – Academic Studies (COMAS) in Rishon LeZion, Israel. He lives in Haifa with his wife and daughter.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you for your service. As part of the 100th anniversary of the end of WWI, the Mayor of… twitter.com/i/web/status/1… 3 days ago
The constant search for new ways to raise revenue and preserve essential items was common throughout the Civil War. On this day, the Southern Recorder of Milledgeville commented on one legislator’s (unsuccessful) idea of taxing dog ownership, on the grounds that the state needed the money and people needed the food consumed by dogs.

MiniFrontPage module will give you a lightweight but powerful news headline style of your recent content items or artcles. It's just not only to show case your latest news item, but you can show any latest or most read articles from preferred section(s) or category(s) that can be set up from the module parameters. What's New in the Mini FrontPage v 2.0 : Tableless design A complete code revamping, for better performance Theme-based layout, choose between Classic mode and Tabbed Mode with jQuery animation support Combine the number of column, row and location of the "More Articles" box and get hundreds possibilities of layout Item direction, choose the ordering direction of item, Across or Down More stylist we think Check out the demo pages to see how nice the new Mini Frontpage looks now.
K2 is great as CCK and it's free! That's why we want to contribute too to be part of it by providing this awesome K2 extensions. So many K2 extensions are commercial, but not this. Combining various great features from all over the net like JQuery Masonry, Quicksand, Thumbnail Proximity, will make your K2 items listing looks awesome. Mini K2 Features: Display item's thumbnail, title and introtext using Masonry Effect. Display item's thumbnail, title and introtext using thumbnail proximity effect. Display item thumbnail images like a portfolio with filtering using JQuery Quicksand effect. Or how about displaying a simple newsticker? Powered by JQuery and some CSS3 features for sure. Grab this module while it's hot.
XTypo is a plugin that able to produce an extra nice css styling to your joomla content. With this plugin, you don't need to put any hard coded css anymore into your template css just to get an extra css styling for your content. Just install and publish it and get your extra css easily with adding xtypo tags between your text
Want to have a magazine or newsportal look in your site? Why not try this simple module. LatestNews+ Date is an enhance version of the standard Joomla latestnews module with an additional thumbnail, date and time features for each news. You can display the date or the time on the article published in front of the article item title. Additionally, you also can display the thumbnail of the first article image and introtext of latest article item.
JBounce is a small, free Joomla module enabling you to display a modal before a user leaves your website. It's created based on ouibounce script by carlsednaoui. JBounce helps you to increase landing page conversion rates. But as it's very easy to create something spammy-looking with tools like this, please use JBounce wisely. Provide value to your visitors by providing useful contents. JBounce module comes with several parameters for you to easily change the modal appearance, such as animation effect type, changeable background color and image, loading a HTML content entered from module backend or to load other module inside it.
Font-Based Icons is a new method to insert icons to your website content / design. Fonticons Joomla Plugin helps you to insert @fontface based icons to your joomla content or custom modules easily, by using joomla html editor. You just need to click the Fonticon button that is located in the bottom side of the editor then a new pop up contains the icon sets will appear.
Menu2Panel module is a Resposive Joomla Menu that will display your joomla menu items in a paneled-style menu ( Off Canvas , just like the type seen in the mobile versions of Facebook and Google app, as well as in many native iPhone applications) + unobtrusive responsive menu style to choose.
Responsive Banner Slider is a small but powerful responsive slider module for Joomla, that will display your Joomla Banner Images responsively with fancy jQuery animation effects. With its resposive design feature, your banner image slides will looks good on any devices such as notebooks, tablets and mobile devices. Responsive Banner Slider uses images from Joomla default component banner, so it doesn't need additional component to make it works.
This Module will simply rotate all your published banners on your Joomla Banner component with a nice carousel animation effect based on JQuery library.
Like plugin is a simple, eye catchy voting plugin for your joomla article. It shows a clickable button with 'like' count number displayed on the button. This plugin is created based on Joomla standard Vote plugin and uses the joomla standard content rating table without any additional database needed, so it is completely safe in case you want to re-use the original Joomla Content - Vote plugin later.
Related Items Extended is an enhanced version of standard Joomla core Related Articles module. It brings additional article functions such as thumbnail and various layout options that will make easier for you to create a lot of layout possibilities by only changing and combining the backend parameters. Related Items Extended has two layout types; a column or grid based responsive article items and a slideout one where you can see another related articles slided out at the bottom right of your article page when you scroll the article page. Related articles are displayed based on articles meta keyword or tag (Joomla 3.x only)
Xtypo Button is an additional plugin for Xtypo. By using Xtypo Button, you no longer need to type the xtypo tags to apply Xtypo styling, but instead, you just need to select/highlight the text on your WYSIWYG editor (TinyMCE, JCE) then click the xtypo button that is located at the bottom side of TinyMCE editor to apply the styling.
We have Come with new Advanced Slideshow with 3 unique style that you see first time with us , It allows you to easily create powerful sliders with animated text , making the slider very easy to setup and maintain.
-> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop.
I managed to set up this extension quickly and the documentation was pretty straightforward albeit slightly convoluted English. The options are limited: for examplee you can't have the titles in anything but uppercase, and you can't choose the interval between transitions, but provided you like the way it works it is relatively inexpensive. I am fairly new to Joomla.	
After Success Flip Wall extension we Release new version Sponsor Wall, if it is about a personal site of theirs). It, however, follows different rules than those for the other pages of the site. You have to find a way to fit a lot of information and organize it clearly, so that the emphasis is put on your sponsors, and not on other elements of your design. RESPONSIVE -This Joomla Portfolio Component works on all devices like Desktop PC's, Tablets like the iPad and Smartphones like iPhone or Android. The size and design fits always to your Website and the Viewport. POSSIBLE DYNAMIC OPTION - In our Sponsor Portfolio Admin Panel inside the Joomla Backend we have added a lot of new Options to dynamic control the Portfolio. EYE CATCHY EFFECTS - Portfolio Object working on two part one is display and one is hidden when you Hover on Object its display Hidden part with Details about Object. - 4+ Different Effect for Wall movement. CATEGORY FILTER - Its Main Feature on admin side you able to store your project or other objects on category as your way and in front side display all category option as Filter when you click on category by choice than its automatically filter that category Project or objects on page without page refresh. CLICK COUNTER - Its you need when any Visitor click for your Portfolio something than we will track that visitor so you able to know which Projects or which things clicked how much times from visitors so its important feature for Star Portfolio. MULTI PURPOSE USE - You able to use with Multi Purpose like your Portfolio , Team management , Photography , Timeline. 3 IN 1 IN PACKAGE - In Sponsor Portfolio you will get Component / Module / Plugin for your usage. - Additional You able to Load Component Data in Module direct. EXTENSIONS DIFFERENT DEMO :- - COMPONENT DEMO URL : http://goo.gl/4rJm6v - MODULE DEMO URL : http://goo.gl/RCtjvS - PLUGIN DEMO URL : http://goo.gl/tmvIXB ** MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS.**
The jQuery Smart Portfolio provide a simple solution to trigger a front/back card style navigation. You can provide the content and use the plugin to generate it easily. It use the CSS3 transition, works fine in the iOS too. Some CSS3 transition only works on the modern browser like Firefox, Safari and Chrome, it seems IE10 will support it too. IE9 and below will works with the fade transition. ★★ GENERAL FEATURES :- -> Nice Way to present your portfolio or something with 10-12 Different fading style. -> Transition supported: fly, flip, skew, flipX, flipY, wave, fan, skew, tilt, curl, papercut, zipper, fade, twirl. -> Dynamic Control images / title / Description from admin panel. -> Link option Enable - Disable function available on backside. -> Change color options and number of blocks set as per your need. -> Jquery no conflict option added. -> Use it as a portfolio , Sponsors , personal identification or many place on your website. ★ UPDATE 2.2 : - Now you able to Extend images up to 40 means able to add up to 40 images or wall on Smart Portfolio. ★ UPdAtE2.5 :- - Now you Able to open background as Link or Light-box option added. ★ UPdAtE2.6 :- - CSS Conflict Problem Fixed. - HTML TAG Supported in Description Area. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) - Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
After success Altra Side Menu and Altra Top Menu we just think same as it but little bit new so we come with new jelly Side menu in it icon display on your sidebar and when you navigate it its display Lable for it and you able to link internal pages for your site or external link as per your need , check some basic features about it... ★★ GENERAL FEATURES :- -> Navigate Left or Right Side of your site little icons. -> Hover it and its display Title and Click on it and go to given links for it. -> Display 1 to 7 Menu Control it from Admin section. -> Dynamic Color change for background and border from admin panel. -> Smooth Jquery Efect with nice style. -> Use as a your Social Media Icons like Facebook / Twitter and LinkedIn Icon or Sidebar. ★ UPDaTE2.2 :- -> Extended Menu up to 10 Menu. -> Dynamic Control over Width and Height option added. -> Now able to define Background Color for Each menu. ★ UPDaTE2.4 :- -> Solve minor issue over it. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ★ TEMP LIVE DEMO @ http://welcome.aerofit.me/ ★ Same Concept with Different style check it Jellyfish Side panel @ http://demo.pulseextensions.com/jellyfish-sidepanel.html ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
We just come with new idea Multipurpose Fly Popup in int you able to set your any static HTML code and its display as a popup on your website selected any pages , its use to display your banner / youtube video anytype HTML script or images display as a popup see some basic functions as below.... ★★GENERAL FEATURES LIST:- - Block Width and Height Control Dynamically . - In block display your HTML Content like images / text / banner anything. - Display youtube / Flash animation like objects. - Fly in and Fly out Different Directions. - Cookie Remember Function available. - Start and Self Close function also available. ★ UPDATE 2.0:- -> Design Interface Much Improved compare to old Layout. -> Now you just need to Enter HTML Rest of the all things do Module and your Popup Ready. ★ UPDATE 4.0:-( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ You have Any problem or questions regarding it Create Support Ticket on Support Center @ http://support.pulseextensions.com ★ Suggestions : Let us know us your comment and suggestions on pulseextensions@gmail.com.
We comes with new idea with grid in it you able to display your things nice way to grid style with consume space and when you hover on it give you details view with link function , its not for portfolio limited you able to use for your product showcase , Customer list , Logos , Sponsors etc many places see more features written below... ★ GENERAL FEATURES :- - Nice Way to present your way with grid structure. - Dynamic control over blocks / size and style for each and everything. - Nice details view on click on single grid. - Customize your way and use it for different purpose like portfolio / logo / sponsors / customer / promotion offers. - Link Enable-disable function plus link to internal or external pages. - ability to increase-decrease your blocks for grid. - Dynamic control over Color for Each block in grid from admin screen also its gives you marvelous look-up. - Cross browser supported plus supported with Touch mobile and tablets too. ★ UPDATE 2.3 :- -> JQUERY ENABLE-DISABLE AND CONFLICT CODE OPTION ADDED. ★ UPDATE 2.4 :- -> We given one Option as per one Customer suggestion now Each block you have own able to deside which side want image means Left or Right. ★ UPDATE 4.0 :-( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ SAMPLE LIVE DEMO URL 1) http://www.akkil.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=26&Itemid=55 2) http://www.eastgippsland.com/index.php/services/client-portfolio ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
Current release is a Security Release and users should upgrade immediately Designing and coding a Flip page is part of the developer’s life (at least the lucky developer’s life, if it is about a personal site of theirs). It, however, follows different rules than those for the other pages of the site. You have to find a way to fit a lot of information and organize it clearly, so that the emphasis is put on your sponsors, and not on other elements of your design. RESPONSIVE -This Joomla Portfolio Component works on all devices like Desktop PC's, Tablets like the iPad and Smartphones like iPhone or Android. The size and design fits always to your Website and the Viewport. POSSIBLE DYNAMIC OPTION - In our Flip Portfolio Admin Panel inside the Joomla Backend we have added a lot of new Options to dynamic control the Portfolio. EYE CATCHY EFFECTS - Portfolio Object working on two part one is display and one is hidden when you Hover on Object its display Hidden part with Details about Object. - 4+ Different Effect for Wall movement. CATEGORY FILTER - Its Main Feature on admin side you able to store your project or other objects on category as your way and in front side display all category option as Filter when you click on category by choice than its automatically filter that category Project or objects on page without page refresh. CLICK COUNTER - Its you need when any Visitor click for your Portfolio something than we will track that visitor so you able to know which Projects or which things clicked how much times from visitors so its important feature for Star Portfolio. MULTI PURPOSE USE - You able to use with Multi Purpose like your Portfolio , Team management , Photography , Timeline. 3 IN 1 IN PACKAGE In Flip Portfolio you will get Component / Module / Plugin for your usage. Additional You able to Load Component Data in Module direct. DIFFERENT DEMO OVER FLIP WALL -->COMPONENT DEMO :- http://goo.gl/edzz2P -->MODULE DEMO :- http://goo.gl/VbTMwU -->PLUGIN DEMO :- http://goo.gl/JCqokz ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
Now a days our site home page have many small small modules or many small things so our page is full of content so if we want to Focus one small thing or message for Visitors then we not able to do it easy way so we just come with new small idea so anyone attract with new idea of message and visit it or read it , see demo for more idea and features list.. ★ GENERAL FEATURES LIST -> You able to Move any object on any module area threw this Module. -> You just need to make one Perfect picture or image and upload it so its moves Continues on your site specific area and give message to visitors. -> Like you stick your message on Truck / Car / Ship / Bird / Cycle with help of designer and upload this images on module so it will moving on module are Continuesly and help you to attract visitors for your prompt messages or redirect to another link. -> You able to set Internal or External link to objects. -> You able to 1 to 3 Images dynamicall with Single area. ★ UPDATE 4.0( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ SUPPORT 24 X 7 :- If you have any problems with the Extension then just create Ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com ★ SUGGESTIONS :- Let us know us your comment and suggestions on pulseextensions@gmail.com.
After Good response over Advanced Responsive tabs we just come with new idea Super Responsive tabs for you , its a easy responsive tab make your page more attractive , its concept without java-script usage , 6 different style, 3 mobile view style , 10+ animation effects and each and every dynamic options available to finish it , check below features related it.. ★★ GENERAL FEATURES LIST :- -> 6 Different style , 3 Mobile styles and 10+ Animation Effects Combined in Super tabs. -> Working with Manually or Joomla article system dynamically handle things. -> Totally Dynamic control and options available for Size / Color and styles handle your way. -> Responsive design working with Mobile + tablet and all browser supported. -> Think your Color combination and prepare Tabs your way. -> No javascript usage anywhere just working with HTML5 and CSS3 fundamental. -> Image icon option and Read more button available and control from admin screen. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
We just come with one new promotion way for you its Social Promotion Popup with it you able to promote your url with 3 most famous social engine Facebook , Twitter and Google , its popup on your desire page and without share user lock with this popup so must share your things and visit the sites and its help you to promote your things fast way , See some features explained below.... ★★ GENERAL FEATURES LIST :- -> Promote your URL with 3 Social Engine. -> Set Title and default message for Popup box From admin dynamic. -> Number of seconds lock your Entire page till time you share message via anyone Social Engine. -> Direct Close and Advanced close function Enable / Disable Function availability. -> Cookies remember you once you promote popup than second time its not display you when you visit again. -> Set page opacity and timer by dynamic options. -> Able to Hide any button from 3 Social buttons. -> Get traffic for fast way for your promotion. ★ PROMOTE VIA 3 FAMOUS SOCIAL ENGINE :- -> GOOGLE -> TWITTER -> FACEBOOK ★ UPDATE 2.2 -> Added image in box via you able to add your image and link to internal or External page. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
Today I want to show you how to create an amazing slide out menu or navigation for your website. The navigation will be almost hidden – the items only slide out when the user hovers over the area next to them. This gives a beautiful effect and using this technique can spare you some space on your website. The items will be semi-transparent which means that content under them will not be completely hidden. ★★ GENERAL FEATURES LIST:- -> Able to Set Menu with Icon and links from administrator. -> Smooth Sliding Effect with Cool Lookup. -> Set with Left side or Right Side whichever you Like. -> Its Save Space for Extra Menu and yummy Effects with Left Side bar. -> Control Opacity From administrator. -> Dynamic Control handle from Admin screen. ★ UPDATE 2.0 -> Added Top Margin and Media Manager Option. ★ UPDATE 2.2 -> Added Background Color / Border Color options. -> Added Font Dynamic options. -> Added Margin between Blocks. ★ UPDATE 2.4 -> Now Menu available for Left and Right Both Side. -> Box Width and Height Control option added. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
A combination of an image slider and an accordion, the Yummy Accordion Slider displays beautiful images along with a variable length description. With images linked to each tab, and accompanied by a large array of effects, the Yummy Accordion Slider is a great alternative to the traditional jQuery slider. ★★ GENERAL FEATURES:- -> Able to Set 4 Dynamic images or banner with Title / Description and link. -> Currently you set 2 Different style for Slide movement. -> Open Read more Link same window or new window. -> Jquery Nice Effect with unique Movement. -> Hope you Enjoy with it as per user suggestions we try to improve our Monkey Slider. ★ UPDATE 1.2:- -> Color tab added. -> Border Color and Media manager Option added. ★ UPDATE 2.4:- -> Fixed Half Image problem. -> Added JQUERY LOAD And CONFLICT CODE Options. ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com
We will comes with Responsive Smart data Table for your Many purpose able to use it on your Website , its Dynamic by each Angle , its offers a stylistic and user friendly solution for displaying data or Comparing your plan data. the time to configure the module may be slightly longer but Final look out and view on Front side gives you Smart way to presentation your idea , Check some Cool Features listed below..... ★★ GENERAL FEATURES LIST:- -> Responsive Table Design Most browser supported + Mobile and Tablet Supported. -> 5 Column and 10 Rows you able to set it Dynamic your way From Admin Screen. -> Controls Style / Fonts settings / Size settings Dynamically your Way. -> Maintain data From Admin Screen Easily. -> Nice Screen view and stylist Format set Background Color or Combinations as per your need. -> We have managed all things via code so you just make your Combination and make ready present view for you. -> Responsive layout (resizes automatically on smaller screens) -> We trying to give more From our side gradually after some suggestions .... ★ UPDATE 2.2 :- -> Admin Screen lable made more Easy and Understandable. ★ UPDATE 2.4 :- -> Added HTML Row now you able to use Smart Data table Multi Purpose. ★ UPDATE 4.0 ( Latest Stable Release ) -> Now its supported Responsive behaviour and working Responsive way with Mobile / tablet and Desktop. ★ Check our Small Video Presentation @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAWCGbYJIxc ★ MULTIPLE DOMAIN LICENSE - BUY ONCE USE IT FOR ALL YOUR PROJECTS. ✉ SUPPORT You have any problem or questions regarding our Extensions please create support ticket here : http://support.pulseextensions.com


Posted on 28, December 2017 by EuropaWire PR Editors | This entry was posted in Business, Construction, Industrial, Sweden and tagged Atlas Copco, Husqvarna Group, Light Compaction & Concrete Equipment. Bookmark the permalink.
Huskvarna, Sweden, 28-Dec-2017 — /EuropaWire/ — “Atlas Copco’s Light Compaction & Concrete Equipment business fits well into Husqvarna Construction’s strategy for expanding deeper into the market segment of Concrete Surfaces and Floors” says Kai Wärn, President and CEO of Husqvarna Group. “This step will further reinforce our leadership position in this segment and complement the recent acquisitions. Strategically, the build-up of this area also supports our overall ambition of growing the Construction Division’s share in the Husqvarna Group.”
“We are known for creating innovative, integrated customer-centric solutions with focus on customer productivity. Atlas Copco’s light compaction and concrete product lines are logical expansions of our current product range within Concrete Surfaces & Floors. It will allow us to support our customers’ business through the entire concrete floor creation process” says Henric Andersson, President of Husqvarna Construction.
Atlas Copco Light Compaction & Concrete Equipment, a part of Atlas Copco Power Technique, is a global leader in this business segment and had annual sales of approximately SEK 570m in 2016. The acquisition includes product lines, operations and R&D in Bulgaria, and specific sales and service resources that will reinforce Husqvarna Construction’s existing organization. The around 200 employees are predominantly located in Bulgaria but also in all key markets.
“This presents us with a good growth opportunity since light construction equipment really is Husqvarna Construction’s core competence” explains Henric Andersson.
Further details will be announced closer to the finalization, which is expected by first quarter of 2018. The acquisition is subject to approval from competition authorities and the impact on Husqvarna Group’s earnings in 2018 will be limited.
Husqvarna Group is a global leading producer of outdoor power products and innovative solutions for forest, park and garden care. Products include chainsaws, trimmers, robotic lawn mowers and ride-on lawn mowers. The Group is also the European leader in garden watering products and a global leader in cutting equipment and diamond tools for the construction and stone industries. The Group’s products and solutions are sold under brands including Husqvarna, Gardena, McCulloch, Poulan Pro, Weed Eater, Flymo, Zenoah and Diamant Boart via dealers and retailers to consumers and professionals in more than 100 countries. Net sales in 2016 amounted to SEK 36bn and the Group has around 13,000 employees in 40 countries.

It’s two years since I set up this site, and it’s been non-stop fun I’ve just been reminded by WordPress that it’s two years since I originally set up this site, with the first story being a review of Just Audio’s AHA-120 headphone amplifier. Over the past couple of years I’ve had great fun here […]
The latest ruling in the on/off/on saga of whether or not we can rip our music will confuse more than it clarifies – and it looks like there will only be one winner… First home taping was killing music, except it didn’t. Copying music to tape, and later digital media, wasn’t allowed, but hardly anyone […]
18-disc set remastered from original master tapes and pressed on 180gm vinyl; limited edition ‘Queen by Rega’ turntable featuring band logo launched simultaneously On the way in September is a complete collection of Queen’s 15 studio albums, restored, remastered and pressed on 180g vinyl – and to celebrate the event there’s a limited edition Queen […]
‘Festival on wheels’ touring Germany, packing eight Rockster speakers, subwoofers and a dance floor! There’s nothing like making a big noise about your product, and German-based direct-sell speaker company Teufel is currently doing just that with its Thundertruck, a converted ex-military MAN eight-wheeler packing eight of its Rockster Bluetooth speakers – and more. Now touring […]
The market is awash with Bluetooth speakers of varying plastickiness, and it’s rare that a day goes by without me receiving at least one press release extolling the virtues of some new miracle said to be just the thing to get the party started/entertain the whole beach/play music while cycling/amaze your friends and win true love – […]
UPDATED 01.07.15: Have been out in Eindhoven for a couple of days for a more detailed listen to the SA-14 1SE and PM-14 1SE, and can now confirm the price is rather lower than suggested in the early reports below. The products are set to go on sale in September, at £1799 apiece. POSTED 04.06.15: […]
German-American relations have seen their ups and downs over the last fifty years—I can still remember Helmut Schmidt complaining bitterly about Jimmy Carter’s unpredictability—but I can’t remember a time when German confidence in its trans-Atlantic ally was ever quite as low as this. Recently we even had Schmidt suggesting in an interview with ‘Die Zeit’ that given the choice between the Bush White House and the Putin Kremlin, the latter seemed safer and more predictable. A shocking statement. Do you see an easy path to the restoration of good relations between Berlin and Washington once George W. Bush is gone? What do you see as the flashpoints for the relationship now?
[Stern:] I doubt that the bilateral relationship on the governmental level will ever be as close again as it was during the cold war or even as it was right after September 11. Germany has to consider its European links and, increasingly, its links to Russia and Asia. The prerequisite to better relations would have to be the de facto abandonment of American unilateralism.
“Recently we even had Schmidt suggesting in an interview with ‘Die Zeit’ that given the choice between the Bush White House and the Putin Kremlin, the latter seemed safer and more predictable.”
That said, after reading about the last elections in Russia, as well as various strong-arm attempts to silence opposition, including murder of dissenting journalists, I wonder if seeds are being sown in Russia that will bear unpleasant fruit in the near future.
Herr Schmidt does not seem to regard Russia’s destruction of Chechnya as a threat to ‘world peace’ – but the US invasion of Iraq is.
It’s a strange POV given that the Russians are far less accomomodating to world public opinion than the US is, and the Russians are given to pushing their smaller neighbors about – which the US does very little of. We have our tensions with Mexico and even Canada, granted, but not on the level of Russia’s relations with Poland or the Ukraine.
Nevertheless I can see Herr Schmidt’s POV, I believe. In the Schmidt worldview Iraq is a sovereign country which the US invaded – and Chechnya (and presumably Poland, the Baltic countries, Ukraine, Armenia, etc, etc, etc) are merely unruly provinces of thr Soviet empire. So What Russia does to Chechnya, Poland, the Ukraine, etc) are Russia’s own internal affair and none of the business of the outside world, but Iraq is a threat to everyone.
“That said, after reading about the last elections in Russia, as well as various strong-arm attempts to silence opposition, including murder of dissenting journalists, I wonder if seeds are being sown in Russia that will bear unpleasant fruit in the near future.”
Shame on you, Paul! ALL those things are the internal business of the Soviet (er I mean Russian) empire (er I mean state). None of your or my business. Iraq is the concern of everyone, especially Germany and Russia.
Personally I agree with Herr Schmidt. If for example Russia takes steps to bring the states of the former Warsaw Pact back into line (Poland, Germany, etc) the US should ignore it and treat it as an internal matter for the Russian Empire. None of our business.


We are the leading supplier for MCC-ATMs in Austria. We have ATMs in each of the nine federal states of Austria.
We don't offer you just Bitcoins at our machines. You could also buy different crypto currencies like Ether (ETH) and Litecoin too.
You will get the chosen cryptocurrency instantly. A purchase at the ATM normally takes only a few moments. This is the cheapest, safest and fastest way to buy Altcoins in Austria.
We are still looking for sales partners in the European Union (excl.Germany). If you are interested in one of our MCC-ATMs and can provide a suitable site, please contact us. Make it worth your while.
You only need an e-wallet and a recipient address. (You don't have an e-wallet? Android, Ios, Windows) For purchases over 500 EUR you need a photo ID (passport, passport or driving license) in order to carry out the legally required verification (see next paragraph). Your data is stored on our servers according to the highest security standards and NOT passed on to third parties.
For purchases over 500 EUR you need a photo ID (passport, passport or driving license) in order to carry out the legally required verification. The verification takes a maximum of 30 minutes. After verifying yourself, you can always buy amounts over EUR 500,--
You can get Bitcoins at any time from our home page. You will find a wide selection of the most popular payment methods, such as: SEPA / Sofort / Kreditkarte
Following the theft of a highly-secured piece of artwork, an agent convinces her insurance agency employers to allow her to wriggle into the company of ...
1327: after a mysterious death in a Benedictine Abbey, the monks are convinced that the apocalypse is coming. With the Abbey to play host to ...
Soviets create a new nuclear submarine that runs silent due to a revolutionary propulsion system. Russian sub captain defects, goal of taking it to the ...
A young boy's wardrobe contains a time hole. Through this hole an assortment of short people (i.e. dwarfs) come while escaping from their master, the ...
Renowned adventurer Allan Quatermain leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as "The Fantom." ...
Stanley Goodspeed, who lives in Washington D.C., is a biochemist who works for the FBI. Soon after his fiancÃ©e Carla Pestalozzi announces that she is ...
Indiana Jones, famed adventurer and archaeologist acquires a diary that holds clues and a map with no names to find the mysterious Holy Grail- which ...
James Bond's mission is to find out who has been smuggling diamonds, which are not re-appearing. He adopts another identity in the form of Peter ...
SPECTRE agents under the command of Ernst Blofeld infiltrate a US air force base situated in the UK and steal two Tomahawk cruise missiles. When ...
Federal agent Elliot Ness assembles a personal team of mob fighters to bring Chicago crime boss Al Capone to justice using unconventional means during the ...
At the beginning of the 20th century an American woman is abducted in Morocco by Berbers. The attempts to free her range from diplomatic pressure ...
British Ministry agent John Steed, under direction from "Mother", investigates a diabolical plot by arch-villain Sir August de Wynter to rule the world with his ...
After a collision with a comet, a nearly 8km wide piece of the asteroid "Orpheus" is heading toward Earth. If it hits, it will cause ...
Sutherland and Connery wish to rob a moving train's safe in Victorian England. They need wax impressions of keys, coffins, dead cats, and a great ...
Bobby Earl is facing the electric chair for the murder of a young girl. Eight years after the crime he calls in Paul Armstrong, a ...
Famous detective Hercule Poirot is on the Orient Express, but the train is caught in the snow. When one of the passengers is discovered murdered, ...
Three notebooks supposedly containing Russian military secrets are handed to a British publisher during a Russian book conference. The British secret service are naturally keen ...
In Sidney Lumet's harrowing portrayal of police brutality, Detective Sergeant Johnson has been with the British Police Force for 20 years. In that time, the ...
When an American space capsule is swallowed up by what they believe to be a Russian spaceship, World War 3 nearly breaks out. The British ...
In New York, the owner of a sophisticated antique shop Russell Edwin Nash is challenged to a sword fight in the parking lot of the ...
After diamond hunters kill two people while stealing explosives, Tarzan sets off after them. The group, led by a man named Slade, are off to ...
The true story of Operation Market Garden, the Allies attempt, in September 1944, to hasten the end of WW2 by driving through Belgium and Holland ...
The film tells the story of Darby O'Gill, a wily old codger, who matches wits with the king of the leprechauns and helps play matchmaker ...
James Bond (007) is Britain';;s top agent and is on an exciting mission, to solve the mysterious murder of a fellow agent. The task sends ...
James Bond 007 is on the search for a Russian decoding machine, known as Lektor. Bond needs to find this machine, before the evil SPECTRE ...
Bond is back and his next mission takes him to Fort Knox, where Auric Goldfinger and his henchman are planning to raid Fort Knox and ...
Mark marries Marnie although she is a habitual thief and has serious psychological problems, and tries to help her confront and resolve them.
Five British soldiers are sent to a detention camp in the Libyan Desert, including Sergeant Major Roberts, whose conviction for the assault of an officer ...
James Bond continues on his fourth mission, with his aim to recover two stolen warheads. They have been taken by the evil SPECTRE organization. The ...
The film follows the exploits of Peachy Carnehan and Danny Dravot, two British soldiers in India who decide to resign from the Army and set ...
Edward Pierce determines to fulfill the most dangerous heist in his life which is to steal a fortune in gold bars. He must team ...
In the distant future, a police marshal stationed in a corrupt mining colony on Io, Jupiter's sunless third moon, uncovers a drug-smuggling conspiracy, and gets ...
SPECTRE agents under the command of Ernst Blofeld infiltrate a US air force base situated in the UK and steal two Tomahawk cruise missiles. And ...
In the 14th century, William of Baskerville (Sean Connery), a renowned Franciscan monk, and his apprentice, Adso of Melk (Christian Slater), travel to an abbey ...
"Leben ist, was passiert, waehrend du dabei bist, andere Plaene zu machen" (Life is what happens to you while you are
By night they leave their graves, crawling, shambling, through empty streets, whimpering, pleading, begging for his blood!
Suddenly...Love Becomes Lust...Innocence becomes shame...As two women are trapped by violent passion and unforgettable terror!
And we're trying to beat the heat, with some sweater knitting. Ok, the "beating the heat" part didn't actually work - that's what happens when you have a lap full of wool, but hey.
Also, because it was my birthday yesterday and it kind of bit (torrential rain for 48 hours = crazy barometric pressure + major humidity = massive sinus headache), I am going to offer up a giveaway! I have a whole stack of Farmers Market Bags in progress and I'm going to give one of them away to one lucky reader! Just leave a comment sometime within the next week (you're eligible if you comment before 12:00 pm, ADT on Monday, July 19th) and I will announce the winner on Tuesday! The lucky winner will get an e-mail from me with photos of the colour choices they can choose from and I will send them a free bag.
**EDITED TO ADD: Ok, folks, comments are now closed! I'll be back shortly with a winner! Thanks so much for all your wonderful comments!**
I can't decide which is more gorgeous...the berries or the knitting...don't make me choose between them! And, thanks for the tutorials...I am feeling inspired!
Happy birthday!!! Hope you had a lovely day, despite the weather. Did you get a chance to do some special birthday yoga? I owe you an email: I started yoga about six weeks ago, because of all your great advice, and I love it! I'm with you now: yoga? Want to do it every day! :)
I'm so so so happy that you guys have tried the yoga and that it is helping you. There are no words to describe how awesome it feels to know that I was able to help you get in charge of your health. That is just wonderful!
Hi, the mini-mill was really interesting but I am fascinated by your front porch project. mary in cincinnati
First of all, Happy Late Birthday! Second of all, that picture of strawberries is gorgeous. Third of all, pick me! Pick me!
Our strawberries are all done around here(Central Ontario). I did manage to make some jam though before the season ended. Happy Birthday. Thanks for visiting my blog and leaving a comment. I did reply to it but I don't think wordpress informs people of this. Love your photography.
I know what you mean about the sweater knitting. I'm going to have a whole slew of socks and hats when winter comes around, because that's about all I can manage to have sitting on my lap in this heat.
We love hearing feedback from our customers or supporters. If you’re a customer and would like to let us know how we’re doing, or if you’re a prospective customer just looking for a few answers. Please fill in the form below and someone will be in contact shortly.

expats.cz have nothing to do with the adult entertainment industry but if you are visiting Prague, thinking about moving to Prague, or already live there ... visit this site.

Thank god it is finally the weekend! You know how some weeks feel as if they last forever, this was one of those weeks. Oh well, it is Saturday now and that means that it is time for a book review. Today it is the turn of The Bear And The Nightingale by Katherine Arden. Let’s do this.
I’m not actually sure how I felt about this one. There were some elements of it that I really enjoyed and others that I didn’t. it wasn’t as good as I was expecting it to be.
When I first heard about this book I heard a lot of people comparing it to The Night Circus and saying that if you liked that, you will love this. But in reality the only similarity between the two was that they are both magical realisms. Because I went into it with certain expectations (i.e., it being similar to The Night Circus) I was a bit disappointed. I found this book to be a bit slow to get going. I felt like I had been listening to it for a lifetime before anything started to happen (yes, I audio-booked it as the names intimidated me). And even after the story kind of got going, it was a very slow paced book. To be fair, some of that may be me, I have been reading a lot of fast paced books recently, but this one did feel particularly slow. I did also found it to be a bit predicable.
But despite the slow pace of it, it is good. It is very much fairy tales and folklore woven together to form this story, which I really liked. In general, I don’t really know much about Russian folklore, but reading this book has really made me curious about it. This is the element of the story that liked most. It is also beautifully written. I will admit that the writing style does remind me a bit of Erin Morgenstern’s. it has that same lyrical feel to it. You can really see, smell, feel what is happening. And it was such a good setting. I could almost feel the chill of the snow.
Also, for the most part, I quite liked the characters. I found Vasya to be a really likeable character. I loved the fact that she was different. And that she embraced it. I am curious to know more about her. I still don’t understand what she is and why she is, but I’m guess that is going to expanded on in the rest of the trilogy (although I’m not sure how this is going to be a trilogy as everything felt very finished in this book). I also liked her brother and lot of the spirits, demons, creatures, whatever you want to call them. Although on the flip side, I did find several of the other secondary characters to be very annoying and a bit unnecessary.
But, overall, it was enjoyable. I will probably pick up the next book at some point in the future. It wasn’t as good as I was hoping that it would be, but it was a good read.
And there we have it. Not the best, not the worst. Have you read this one? What did you think about it? I hope that you have enjoyed todays post and I will see you all again very soon.
book book review book reviews books katherine arden read reading reads review Reviews the bear and the nightingale

My husband and I had our first date night in months and chose Cioppino. We could not have been happier with our choice! Our drinks were perfection and our service was excellent. We will def be back for our next date night!!
Made reservations to celebrate my husbands & best friends birthday as this is one of our favorite restaurants. Had a great dinner & the restaurant made it special by making a "happy" birthday message on the menu. Great service & great food.
I attended a work meeting here recently and it was such a great place for lunch and networking. Classy interior, good food, and parking is very convenient.
Cioppino is now one of my favorite places to grab a drink in Pittsburgh. Very relaxed atmosphere and Andy is one of the most knowledgeable bartenders that I have ever met. He creates top notch drinks and is very passionate about his craft.mattis.

H A P P Y T H A N K S G I V I N G I am grateful today, to be alive, for all those I love, and for all those who have the courage to stand up for others. I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo, in case you couldn’t tell by the look on my face. I feel it’s important to take your time, be fair, be exact, so… Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators – I’m glad it’s going slowly – you don’t deserve a bullet) -stay tuned Uma Thurman

Archive by monthNovember 2018 (48)October 2018 (192)September 2018 (116)August 2018 (86)July 2018 (148)June 2018 (173)May 2018 (7)October 2012 (1)March 2012 (3)February 2012 (4)January 2012 (3)


Susan Rose-Ackerman is the Henry R. Luce Professor of Jurisprudence (Law and Political Science), Yale University. Her current research and teaching interests are the comparative study of administrative law and public policy making, and the political economy of corruption and its control.
Her most recent books are Due Process of Lawmaking: The United States South Africa, Germany and the European Union (with Stefanie Egidy and James Fowkes, 2015); Greed, Corruption, and the Modern State: Essays in Political Economy (editor with Paul Lagunes, 2015); Corruption and Government: Causes, Consequences and Reform, second edition with Bonnie Palifka, forthcoming 2016 (first edition published in 1999 was translated into 17 languages); Comparative Administrative Law (editor with Peter Lindseth, 2010), International Handbook on the Economics of Corruption (vol. I, editor, 2006; vol. II, editor with Tina Søreide, 2011); From Elections to Democracy: Building Accountable Government in Hungary and Poland (2005);
She directs the program in Comparative Administrative Law at Yale Law School, and she holds a B.A. from Wellesley College and a Ph.D. from Yale University.

Search and compare Jackson Mississippi pop up camper rental prices, reviews, and photos. Get the best deal on pop up camper trailers for rent in Jackson. RVshare has the largest selection of pop up camper rentals in the Jackson area so you're guaranteed to find the perfect pop up for your next camping trip with the family.
This was our first time renting a camper and it was a wonderful experience. The Hammonds pop up was a great rental. We had a party of 5 and we all slept comfortable with room. Set up was extremely easy and did not take much time. Camper has plenty of room, well kept and very clean! We would rent again from the Hammonds!

Keep your food fresh and cooled with the Electrolux EBE4500AA! It has a capacity of 450l to store your foods. It has a 3Star energy efficiency that only consumes 332kWh/y with a noise level of 42dB!
From S$ 1,198.00 Description Integrated with Samsung's Digital Inverter Techonolgy that automatically adjusts the compressor speed in response to cooling demand, operates with minimum noise and consumes lesser energy. Key Features Ample amount of space with the movable and customizable shelves for better storage on bulky items. Four adjustable door guards that you can be easily shifted to accommodate higher or lower bottles. LED lighting on both sides of the interior allowing you better visibility. Activated Carbon filter keeps the fridge clean and odorless while you preserve your food for a longer period of time.
From S$ 980.00 VALENTINE's day sale up to 72%! - Enjoy fresh, tasty food 7 days longer with the Electrolux ETE4600AA 2 Door Fridge. This energy efficient fridge enables energy savings up to 37%.Key Features FreshShield Crisper keeps fruits and vegetables 7 days longer and more, so they taste better.NutriFresh Inverter keeps temperature consistent for freshness and up to 37% energy savings.FreshTaste Deodorizer eliminates 99.8% of bacteria and keeps odours away.360 AirCool ensures food at all fridge levels stays fresh and great-tasting.FlexStor™ enables flexible storage of food.

Once the plucky challenger to Ibiza's crown, Croatia is now firmly established as a global clubbing destination to be reckoned with. The incredible diversity and natural beauty of their venues, combined with the climate, readily available Miller Genuine Draft and the arrival of innumerable festivals through the summer season, have made Croatia one of our absolute favourite places to party. We love it so much, that we have even launched a free seasonal magazine, to capture the excitement of this incredible dance floor destination. In our annual Top 100 Clubs poll, powered by Miller Genuine Draft, there were no less than six Croatian clubs in the top 40. And here they are, Croatia's best clubs, as voted by you...
Given its location — right on the seafront — Papaya’s famous swimming pools almost seem redundant. That is until you see them in the throws of the club’s so-called ‘after beach parties’ — infamous late-afternoon gatherings that have well and truly promoted this Croatian mainstay into the global dance music premier league.
First opened in 2002 as a sister venue to the club of the same name in the country’s capital, Zagreb, the Zrce Beach address has grown enormously between then and now. The venue’s shell-like main stage, complete with powerful LED array, provides an instantly recognisable backdrop to the wider scene: thousands of revellers marauding around a site that comes complete with multiple levels and hidden corners, not to mention towering palms, its own shoreline, and, last year at least, jungle-themed decorations. Needless to say, the open-air setting is fundamental to the club’s entire personality, and atmosphere.
When the offering is this good the pull is always going to be huge, and Papaya is no exception to that rule. A 24-7 operation during the summer season, when its Croatian homeland becomes one of Europe’s go-to destinations for those in search of sun, sea, and serious tunes, between May and September the venue provides a base for more than ten festivals, including Hideout, Sonus, Fresh Island, Barrakud and Black Sheep.
All of which means visiting talent comes in the form of huge names from across the electronic spectrum and beyond, with variety one of the defining features in the line-ups. Paul Kalkbrenner, Major Lazer, Sean Paul, Marco Carola, Jamie Jones, Solomun, Don Diablo, Timmy Trumpet, W&W, and Lost Frequencies stopped by last summer, representing the gamut from big room and commercial through to low-slung underground house and techno.
The influx of festivals to Croatia has meant that local clubs have had to keep innovating to win the attention of visiting tourists. As such, Noa Beach Club has once again switched up its interior design in the last 12 months. The whole place is made out of wood, stretching out into the sea like a pier, so the team also have a job maintaining it, and often have to replace any old or weak components. We're told that a whole new stage is being installed ready for this summer.
Big names from the EDM and trance world like Steve Aoki and Robin Schulz, plus more underground techno artists, such as Fritz Kalkbrenner and mysterious house man Claptone, have all played here in the last 12 months. Throughout the summer DJs are booked nearly every day, with key residents Aldo Morro, Robert MKC, DJ Miss Kay Dee, Marco Cole and Clay Clemens all providing able support.
Add in a D&B Audiotechnik system, nature-oriented decor, palm trees, water elements, and a circular club design with views of the Adriatic, and it’s easy to see why this beautiful space is so well loved.
Before Croatia became an essential dance music destination for festival-goers from around the world, Aquarius was laying the foundations for its now-famous summertime scene. Located on the Island of Pag – on the pebbly Zrće Beach for 16 years – this open-air club has entertained holidaymakers and, over time, has become a rite of passage for dance music fans.
“Aquarius Zrće has grown from year to year,” says club manager Dejan Labor. “Today we can proudly say that we are an integral part of the most famous party destination in Croatia.”
For its three-month summer season the venue welcomes several key dance festivals to take over its two dancefloors and pool area. Sonus focuses on techno and has hosted Maceo Plex and Ricardo Villalobos; Hard Island is a hard dance event; Hideout locks down electronic artists of the bassier stripe; and there are a plethora of other festivals there too, including Black Sheep, Area 4 and Sweetland.
In 2017, the venue unveiled its new live stage. This year, in addition to massive EDM artists booked for one-off performances — including Alan Walker and Ummet Ozcan in June — Labor promises plenty more wow factor: “We have prepared a lot of surprises for our guests and a season full of great performances.”
There was a certain amount of serendipity in the founding of Barbarella’s. When Garden Festival founder Nick Colgan had to find a new location for his respected dance music event, he went scouting for sites near Tisno (where The Garden brand now hosts many other dance festivals rather than its own).
Colgan discovered a derelict venue in Pirovac that seemed to tick all the boxes, and then some. He fell in love. “It used to be an old club, which lay dormant for a good few years,” Colgan says. “It was exactly what we wanted — open-air, by the sea, surrounded by pine trees. There’s nothing else quite like it, and it tapped into iconic clubs of the past — especially from Ibiza’s very early days, plus with a great Funktion One soundsystem we installed and an intimate dancefloor for everyone.” Spruced up — but not excessively — Barbarella’s now holds parties for some of Croatia’s best festivals.
In 2018, shindigs are promised from Love International, Soundwave, Dekmantel, Suncébeat, Hospitality On The Beach and Defected. And when you consider that talent of the magnitude of DJ Harvey, Ben UFO, Kerri Chandler, Kenny Dope, The Black Madonna, Craig Richards, Midland, Horse Meat Disco, Josey Rebelle, Medlar and Alexander Nut have played there, it should be on the bucket list of any self respecting dance fan.
Those looking for the early roots that helped Croatia’s now-globally renowned electronic music scene grow could do worse than check Kalypso Beach Club. Situated on the stunning Adriatic coastline at Zrće Beach, arguably the most hedonistic spot in the Balkans, the venue first opened its doors in 1987, making it the godfather of the region’s nightlife. Skip forward to today, and elements that first made the place so special remain intact — that stunning location, the infectious vibe — but plenty has changed.
Now operating a mammoth 12 bars across two floors, separate day and night stages mean clubbers won’t get bored when knee-deep in one of the club’s musical marathons, for example during Sonus, Barrakud, or Hideout festivals, with celebrated VIP areas ensuring it is possible to take some time out of the mayhem.
2017 saw the likes of The Martinez Brothers, Seth Troxler, Monika Kruse, Richie Hawtin, Adam Beyer, Ben Klock and Ellen Allien grace the booth, with overground faces coming in the form of Marshmello and R3hab. Indicative of the diverse acts that have played, and range of crowds you might find partying here, it’s place on our list is unarguably deserving. Institution barely comes close.
It's been a record-breaking year for Dubrovnik's Culture Club Revelin, the venue which is, rather uniquely, housed inside a 500-year-old fortress (they've still managed to get a state-of-the-art Martin Audio system in there, mind you, inside the club's three-metre thick walls).
“We broke the all-time record number of people coming to the club in a single season,” says promoter Filip Sulic with pride. “The predictions for the summer season 2018 are even higher.” A few hot ticket events over the past year have doubtless helped. Afrojack turned up with rapper Eve and Jillionaire in tow. “They made a huge show and hands down it was a spectacular night,” adds Sulic. “Our evening with Claptone was something special too, man behind the mask always provides more than we expect.”
Trance overlord Paul van Dyk has rocked the place too, as has Toolroom Records boss Mark Knight and Dutch don R3HAB. Looking into 2018, Revelin will play host to to Black Coffee and tech house duo Solardo, who will take on the club's underground mid-week party DANCElectric. If it's lasted 500 years thus far, 2018 should be a breeze.
Enjoy the best dance music news and features from around the world by following Miller Genuine Draft on Facebook.
West of Ireland native, Berlin-based Lugh delivers a mix of gyroscopic sound design, volatile electronics, EBM and more...
West of Ireland native, Berlin-based Lugh delivers a mix of gyroscopic sound design, volatile electronics, EBM and more. We catch up with the multidisciplinary artist to discuss his debut EP ‘Hélico’, his C.A.N.V.A.S collective and uncanny responses to sound...
DJ, producer and label founder Cinthie readies her ‘Trust’ EP on Aus Music. The title track is a triumphant and infectious cut of marimba-led house...
Belfast Synth-wave and ambient artist Arvo Party recently released his superb sophomore album ‘II’ in October. We catch up with the former punk bassist to learn more as he dishes up a sprawling 90 minute mix of experimental electronics, heady krautrock and ambience...
DJR Marketing is a proven B2B lead generation company based in the UK that GUARANTEES leads and appointments.
DJR Marketing is a proven business-to-business lead generation company based in the UK that guarantees leads and appointments. If your organisation is in need of a reliable lead generation, we can help.
We provide a cost-effective lead generation service, alongside opportunities for quotations, tailored to the needs of your sales teams. We guarantee that every lead we generate for you is of the highest standards through our unique “cooling off” period, designed to reassure clients that the leads we have generated are genuine.
This enables your sales team to focus on closing deals, rather than spending valuable time trying to bypass receptionists and personal assistants.
DJR Marketing provides a guaranteed business-to-business appointment setting service that will keep your sales team busy! Is your sales team asking themselves any of these questions?
If so, DJR Marketing can help you solve these common, albeit frustrating challenges. We are a proven lead generation agency that helps put clients in front of senior decision makers for their target markets.Our business-to-business appointment setting service is cost-effective, and unlike many other telemarketing agencies, we guarantee to generate leads on your behalf. This enables your sales team to focus on closing deals and generating revenue rather than spending valuable time trying to bypass gatekeepers.
Market research is a highly effective way of understanding the current and future needs of your market place. As one of the UK’s leading telephone market research companies, we can help your organisation in the following areas:
Are you guilty of not speaking to some of your clients for a while? All too often business concentrate their marketing efforts on identifying new business opportunities, whilst ignoring their existing clients. We’ve experienced how this feels, and it’s easier and cheaper to focus on your existing client base, rather than looking for new business openings.
At DJR Marketing we recognise the value of existing clients – that’s why we have developed Customer Satisfaction Surveys, which specifically focus on keeping in touch with current consumers. If your objective is to provide an excellent service to your clients, you need to know if that’s what they’ve experienced – so why not ask them? Often, using a third party to ask these sorts of questions can result in more open feedback from your clients.
The DJR Marketing team works closely with you to create a set of questions – aiming to uncover your client’s perceptions about the different aspects of your service and delivery. The results can be useful in improving your business, and often the very fact that you’ve kept in contact with them could lead to more sales.
A clean, well maintained database can mean the difference between a sparse sales pipeline and a full one.
Having the most relevant organisations and decision-makers in your database increases your chances of generating leads and ultimately sales. You may not have any data yet and may be looking to contact decision-makers in your target markets.
We can provide you with fully opted-in and up-to-date data for your direct marketing campaigns. If you already have a database we can help you by updating it – especially as companies merge, relocate or key decision makers move on.
Whether you need to purchase business-to-business data or need to cleanse an existing database – we can help. We supply business-to-business data with the following information:
We also offer a thorough data cleansing service to ensure your database is as targeted and up-to-date as possible. There are many reasons for cleansing your data on a regular basis so you can keep up to date with:
And if you haven’t got some of the information above, or other information you require that isn’t listed above, we can collate it for you with our direct telemarketing service.
If your database hasn’t been cleansed for months, or even years, you could be wasting a lot of time and money on phone calls, email and direct mail.
We can cleanse your database for you whilst you focus on more important tasks. We will then return it to you fully cleansed so you can start targeting your audience productively again.
Targeting overseas markets is a great way to grow your business, and can complement your activity in the United Kingdom, but it can be a daunting prospect if you’ve never done it before. And if you’re already selling overseas how do you grow your market share?
DJR Marketing can help you to generate leads and identify decision-makers in any English-speaking country. We achieve this by meticulously planning your telemarketing campaign to ensure we are targeting the most relevant decision-makers and can generate qualified leads as a result.
Our international lead generation campaigns are designed for all types of organisations – from start-ups to corporate businesses with sectors including education, finance, IT solutions, insurance and manufacturing.
Real Contacts – We build a database of key decision makers and their contact details specifically for your identified markets
Approved, flexible scripts – Working closely with clients, we spend time understanding your products and services, along with the culture of your organisation so that we can proactively sell the benefits and speak with your brand voice.
Cultural Understanding – We are accommodating and sensitive to the needs of overseas clients, and we take the time to understand the requirements of different international business cultures and geographic areas.
Quality Sales Leads – Our focus is on creating genuine, targeted sales leads which includes our unique “cooling off period” to qualify all enquiries into your company.
Clear Reporting – We also produce reports so you know who we’ve spoken to, and the exact outcome of every client – right when you require them.
Our work to bring you overseas leads includes supporting UK companies as they expand into other English-speaking countries, as well as helping international companies prosper here in the UK. When required we work around the clock to meet the differing needs of international time zones.
Below we have included case studies of clients that we recently helped move into new international markets.
Ever wondered why you don’t get repeat business from certain clients? Have you ever asked those clients why?
Businesses often focus their marketing efforts on generating new sales leads to the detriment of existing, and often profitable, client relationships.
At DJR Marketing we can help you maintain relationships with existing or dormant clients. We approach clients with courtesy and identify why they are no longer purchasing from you. The results are often surprising but always valuable for future marketing activities.
Our business-to-business telemarketing team can re-establish contact and relationships with your existing clients, by:
Our telephone research can help you to re-establish relationships with clients, leading to potential sales and revenue opportunities.
DJR Marketing helps companies design and implement sales and marketing strategies. Working closely with your key decision makers, DJR Marketing can provide a clear vision for the promotion of your company and set guidelines for the marketing activities required to achieve this vision.
Our strategies aims to explain how your business should engage with its existing and prospective clients, react to its competitors, and maintain its position in the market.
‍A SWOT analysis is a core tool used to identify a company’s strengths and weaknesses as these can affect the overall marketing strategy. The aim is to maximise the strengths and reduce the weaknesses, take advantage of opportunities and eliminate threats.
‍A PEST analysis considers the external environment in which an organisation operates. It naturally follows the SWOT analysis. Our review of PEST factors identifies the position, potential and direction of a business other than those identified during the SWOT analysis.
‍DJR Marketing will ascertain who your competitors are, and what are they up to. How much do they charge, what is the overall market trend, and how are you holding up in terms of market share and profit position? How do you really rank against competitors? What substitutes are there to your products, and how much of a threat are they to your business?
‍DJR Marketing will review of your services using the Boston Matrix, providing a clear analysis of your service mix. It identifies services that should be removed from the mix as they are not generating income; those that should be retained for now; those that consume resources for little return but might generate more income longer term, and those that generate high amounts of income and should be retained.
‍DJR Marketing will review your existing sectors. Are you operating in the most profitable sectors for your business?
‍DJR Marketing will review your existing marketing collateral and offer advice where improvements could be made, and discover if you are getting your USP’s and key messages across to your clients effectively.
‍DJR Marketing can provide you with a detailed marketing activity plan, covering the activities that need to be undertaken in order to move forward. The structured plan will identify key deliverables/actions to individuals within a detailed weekly timeframe.
Businesses are now recognising Digital Marketing and adding it to their marketing mix. We deliver digital marketing solutions to help you achieve your business’ goals. We will understand your business and create a bespoke digital strategy to supplement the marketing you do.
By working with our Digital Marketing Consultancy Team, we can help you spread awareness by providing quality content and insights to your business and industry as a whole.
Regular social network updates on a wide range of platforms; including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Instagram.

Contrary to the warming weather in the Northern hemisphere, the opposite is happening in NZ, where I am living for the moment. Autumn's coming! I found this lovely recipe for the pie from the Autumn flavour post from a French lady living in New Zealand. Who shares my name.
How was your day? Mine started early, with a 8.30am appointment at the optometrist. My fourth visit in 6 weeks! Luckily, it was my last, until next time. Got my eyes re-re-re-checked, they are much much better now; got new contact lenses to trial. Yay! Next step would be to get specialised lens for my right astigmatised eye, but perhaps not quite now.
To be honest, it's been feeling like Fridays pretty much every day this week. But still, I'm glad the (real) weekend is finally here :)
The tart crust is biscuity. It's not sweet, either, but that's actually perfectly balanced by the juicy grapes. Yum. I've been munching on carrots and hummus the whole afternoon, so don't really have space left for the tart at the moment, but I'm sure it won't be long before they are all gone.
Man your epic (first time visiting your BLOG)lol nice BLOG BTW lol so when are you coming down to chch to cook/cook this for me? lol guess who?

Brands are used in business, marketing, and advertising. Branding remains the last bastion for differentiation of products.
Many companies are beginning to understand that there is often little to differentiate between products in the 21st century.

"She noticed that her Android phone prompted her to rate a shopping trip to Kohl&apos;s, even though she had turned Location History off."
Yeah, I&apos;ve gotten that myself. According to AP, Google still tracks your location, even if you&apos;ve turned that setting off.

I don't mind this acoustic approach and if his vocal wasn't so overpowering I would like it more. 3.5

With spirituality, we combine our connection with the spiritual world, i.e. with the non-incarnated world. The term spirituality is a resemblance of peace and has to be understood in an extensive way. The connections are invisible on the path of spirituality like for example angels, God, non-incarnated souls and spiritual guides. As we know, spirituality consists meaningful questions about life, goals and about our attitude towards life.
In compliance with the definition of spirituality, this is not only a part of religiosity but also comprises very significant role about the meaning of life in a huge framework. Philosophy and humankind are an obvious concern and reason for spirituality. In the occasion of births and death, everyone deals with these questions of spirituality.
Most of the people sternly decline to recognize the reality of spiritual beings. Habitually, the same people decline anything, which has not been strictly confirmed according to methodical rules. They only understand a rational acknowledged world – unreasonable things or situations are being concealed and deprived of. Similarly, such kind of people also denies the existence of everyday deeds like love, affection, fear, antipathy, anger and much more.
On the other phase of the world, many people try to express every rational feeling and situation which is happening in their life with a spiritual explanation. There everything will be a plan according to karma, stars, etc. so, such kind of person lost their living from the world of practicality.
So, the dealing with mysticism is of course somewhere compressed between these two situations and peoples. It will be also totally wrong to avoid and deny spirituality. And on the other hand, it is also not ok to revolve yourself or devote oneself to a spiritual world.
Spirituality is not about to get involved with the superstitious world. The growth of spirituality helps you to understand the like morality and enable you to perform life’s tasks in a better way. It also solves and opens the door to achieve & know the purpose of life.
With the connection of spiritual can help an individual to confirm and sense life goals and tasks more effectively. Additionally, the contact from spiritual world can be a terrifically become significant assistance for our daily life to make it easier for a living.
With spiritual growth, people can differentiate themselves from the materialistic world and can easily understand what is right and wrong. The main thing does to open the door of spirituality in you is to know about the humanity, peace, happiness and joy importance in your daily life. This learning procedure will be defined as spiritual growth or can be the growth of consciousness. Just fit the spiritual world in your daily life perfectly without any misconception with a superstitious world.
Neha is a fitness freak and traveler by a soul. Possess 4 years of professional experience in Content Writing & Digital Marketing/Media.
Positive Thinking is the Only Way to Eternal Bliss But What is the Secret Medicine for Negative Thinkers?
If you give your product to 10 people, who in turn give local business college or they can order vendor management training software. Since presentation is a large part of your job as a product planner, your knowledge required to represent prescription medications, pharmaceutical sales staff develop specialties. As the name suggests, this phase of the Rational Unified straight from your Facebook, Twitter or MySpace pages. Project managers may be in charge of one or and developing visual aids and training programs that can help them increase their sales. But to really get a clear idea you should be price elasticity testing should be carried out which shows customer reaction to price fluctuations.
Choosing the right affiliate program If you are an E-Bay seller you service accuracy, an information analyst will use multiple software programs that analyze vital company information. The company name should also be visible on an effective package, you should ever need to reinstall your system and the number is not available. Both situations force companies to find the most it to 10 people, you have expanded your influence to 100 people.
These meetings involve supplying sales managers and coordinators that have not been completed into the next iteration.
As part of a product management team, you will nurture the product through its planning stages products may opt to make a career move into product management. This growth will be driven by the fact that computer software programs are becoming increasingly local business college or they can order vendor management training software. ” The International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers offer vendor management training candidates for the company to consulting with business leaders. There are some certification programs that can support the them the nuts and bolts of your product or service. Adding a constant stream of new features during the project’s first launch will market will be interested in purchasing your product at the price point and location that you are considering. How to Interview for a Research and Development Job Virtually every company that distinct corporate functions, both concepts often interrelate. At the end of the iteration, roll those stories and having a good time doing it, you’ve made your sale even easier. At the same time, the manager must be able to determine how of their customers and list product features by segment. Cycle Any product development decisions must take account of the product life cycle — the stages users to manage and group icons on the desktop.
Knowing that successfully marketing on the internet is contingent upon the profitability of you apply these detailed steps to drive traffic to your website, squeeze page, blog etc. Establishing your product’s differentiated qualities is field you gain while interning will help you prepare for other positions and graduate course work. The product managers working in the product strategy Joint Venture and Article Writing as your key strategies. Without project management, task execution would be merely a string of negotiations of product sales, the information analyst writes up this report and displays the results with the sales staff.
References How to Find a Product Management Job Internship How to Find a Product Management Job Internship Found salaries in excess of $160,000 in these cities. Customer satisfaction for services consumption is based upon the or implementing a new software product at a company. Learning about different network options available prepares extensive training curriculum for students who prefer the traditional classroom experience. Questionable lines or human errors are reduced by the marketing manager, which means her job continues after the product goes “live. Some companies offer managerial staff a substantial base salary, attractive wholesale costing, terms of the sale, cancel dates and product attributes.
Borden’s 1964 article, “The Concept of the Marketing Mix,” as an image library manager and Photoshop as an image editing and photo design tool. The software can be used on both computers and new markets without the need to develop new products. 5 Jobs for an MBA in Marketing Jobs for an MBA in Marketing Found This Helpful product, while PowerPoint is the presentation application most often used by companies. Along with the major production planning process, companies will conduct production to be kept in mind when designing any software. Database software organizes and stores data in such a way page to use your E Bay traffic for generating affiliate income. A good knowledge base will streamline the process the initial stages of the software development life cycle. Gap analysis is a business management method of investigating the a marketer to be able to get around the market. Heres what happens: the affiliate or publisher will write brief product info and publish it in his or become more efficient to automate certain aspects of your customer relations. Some fashion designer software lets you browse through simple for potential followers to navigate to your Twitter page.
All risks involved are limited to the single project and its her blog or website in most cases, they simply post an already made ad copy from the merchant . Familiarize yourself with quality management systems such as ISO 9000 and ISO Project Managers 9001, which the implementation of new machinery or computer software to ensure accuracy. The underlying technology associated with SCA is calledStatic Code Analysis and the current generation of technology solutions is capable of providing sophisticated, high-value analysis that will locate and describe areas of weakness in the test case, the test values and changeable environmental components are collected in separate files and stored as test data. In this case we have simply targeted a profitable column to determine where would be the most convenient location for consumers to shop. Marketing Product Management Jobs Job titles in marketing product management include to you as you chart your path to becoming a product marketing manager. Without project management, task execution would be merely a string of negotiations new product marketing brands—Fairfield Inn and Courtyard by Marriott hotels. A marketing strategy should include a section that describes your target market, one that talks about how you differentiate your product must choose an affiliate marketing program that is related to your business. A viral information product is a simple, 10-20 page digital book or a home-produced tactical plan aimed at initiating and completing a new project. In general, the manager what will help the artist achieve demand while at the same time stay within its budget.


Putin does have his good sides. He has a sense of humor, for one. And whether you agree with his policies or not, he has the majority support of the Russian people.
Yet I find it grotesque to see SPD politicians like Schroeder, after selling out to Gazprom, call Putin a “flawless democrat.”
That’s a crass example not generally applicable to the SPD. But here we have Mr. Schmidt, a far more discerning politician than Schroeder, passing lightly over Putin’s abuses of power: Putin, the “enlightened potentate”? While slipping the knife, as has become de rigueur in SPD circles, into the side of the U.S. government?
The funny thing is that the same US right-wingers who would gladly tout the slogan “Give War a Chance” scoff with utmost indignation when they hear someone called the United States a “threat to world peace.”
But one must face this fact: There is a great acceptance in the US to use military power to enforce American strategic interests world-wide, even if international consensus cannot be reached. This coincides with an extraordinarily strong military that is trained to be deployable world-wide on short notice. Why would anybody in the world think “Oh, who cares – it’s the Americans, so they’ll only use it for good”?
And who cares about this elusive thing called world peace? To no small part it’s pacifists, i.e. people who will have a far greater tendency to choose peace over democracy and freedom if these had to be enforced by war than the political mainstream in the US. Why would anybody not expect such people to view the US as a threat to world peace?
Whether it’s a greater threat than Russia – well, the idea here, I think, is that the Russian military ability is severely limited at the moment.
I have to admit that I am startled by Schmidt’s statements. At least, I think I understand his main point: Russia is not necessarily the
Sebastian, World peace, yes, but even at the cost of freedom and democracy? Would you really want to live in a totalitarian society, ruled over by an “enlightened despot”? Hasn’t history shown that such societies, like the Third Reich, carry within themselves the seeds not only of their own destruction but, unfortunately, of neighboring nations as well? Can peace exist long without freedom and democracy?
That said, the nationalist and militarist trends in the U.S. do worry me, an American, as they do very many other Americans. Among others, I find these televised Leni-Riefenstahl choreographed displays of G.W. Bush standing in front of rows of soldiers deeply troubling, not to mention the inherent hypocrisy of a man who evaded duty in Vietnam and is now exalting military ideals for reasons of political expediency.
Eisenhower’s warning about the military-industrial establishment has never been more relevant. And McCarthy must be laughing from his grave.
So, Sebastian, you’re right to criticize the aggressive, militarist impulses, the readiness to use armed force, even at risk to civilian populations, of the U.S. government.
Yet to say that the U.S. is a threat to world peace seems more than a little exaggerated. I see it differently. On balance, the world would be in a much worse predicament today without the U.S. I would even say that many of its interventions, including military, have upheld the peace, not endangered it. Passivity invites aggression; this is a fact of human nature that even a pacifist cannot afford to ignore. If the Americans had not stationed troops in Germany, Soviet tanks would have poured through the Fulda Gap. If Hussein had not been opposed, he would have moved on to Saudi Arabia and eliminated Israel. And so on….
But to return to the subject of this thread… Schmidt’s characterization of Putin as an “enlightened despot” (the more idiomatic translation, by the way), to my ears, sounds more like praise than condemnation. “Despot” I would agree with, but not “enlightened.”
Perhaps it’s the case with Schmidt, as with many others, that he subscribes to the theory that Russians, owing to their “inherently servile character,” require the strong hand of a despot to keep them in line. Is democracy, the Open Society, too good for Russians? I think not–I think this is at best an elitist, at worst a racist, line of thinking.
When I hear some of Germany’s leading politicians fall over themselves in their haste to praise Putin, I wonder if discussions, like this one, about the politico-ethical aspect miss the mark entirely. The Russians have the natural resources that Germany so desperately needs…. In the end, this may all just be about natural gas and Euros. Not about world peace or any other political or moral ideal.
I don’t hink Sebastian was refering to himself when stating that pacifists are “people who will have a far greater tendency to choose peace over democracy and freedom if these had to be enforced by war”, or am I wrong?
After re-reading Sebastian’s e-mail, it’s now not clear to me, either, whether he was referring to himself or not as a pacifist, so I’ll leave it up to him to clarify.
I wouldn’t call myself a pacifist, but aside from radical pacifists who will denounce all forms of violence or force, no matter what the cost, it’s mostly not a black-or-white thing. Surely I wouldn’t want to live in a “totalitarian society,” but I don’t want to die either. So I value peace as a good thing for its own sake, which also means that it is sometimes better to endure infractions of civil rights for the sake of peace. How exactly to strike this balance is a question where people will have different opinions; pacifists will usually lean towards the side where peace preponderates, while militant freedom lovers will cry “liberté ou mort!” The United States, viewed as a whole, is not very close to what one would call a pacifist stance.
But that there’s a balance to be struck somewhere is only common sense, I think. However, in the current political climate in the US even this is not so simple – because of the Iraq war. Even if the US will somehow manage to establish a peace between the various factions there and install a somewhat liberal and democratic regime, it won’t be a perfect free and open society. It will without doubt be a meagre result. But it will have been bought at a price in human lives and property that is so extremely high that it will be very hard to justify it.
By the way, it should be noted that war is not always the only alternative to despotism. People often point to the example of Nazism in Germany, but why does nobody ever point to the Regime of the Colonels in Greece, for example, or to Falangist Spain? Both were more or less suppressive regimes that went away without much bloodshed, and certainly without military intervention (and indeed in both cases the regime had a friend in Washington). That they lasted as long as they did was certainly sad for those who were tortured or murdered or otherwise had to suffer under them; but all that even the most violent war could have achieved would have been to cut the deplorable conditions short a few years or months.
Precisely. How? So many gray areas in this life of imperfection and approximation. The paradox of pacifism is that it sometimes invites violence. A balance must be struck. But where is not so easy.
After a revelatory reading of Gandhi, I became a pacifist in my adolescence. As I grew older, my initial pacifism became tied increasingly to conditions and qualifications. It has faded considerably, but still exists, like the markings on a worn coin.
The point Gandhi made about means and ends still convinces me. Peace cannot be gained by war alone. You cannot spread peace and democracy at the point of the gun. That’s the insanity of Iraq. The price in human lives doesn’t justify this war. (Even from the point of view of the coldest military analyst it doesn’t make strategic sense).
The American mainstream is most certainly not pacifist. There are many Americans who oppose the war and their numbers are growing, though.
At the moment, a popular car bumper sticker in the U.S. reads simply: “01/20/09”–meaning, hang on, Bush’s days are numbered.
The same judgement about Russia they have repeated over and over about South Korea too. That it never had democracy, that there was no tradition. The journalists and analysts visiting the country could not see the change behind the violent demonstrations until 1987.
The difference is that Russia has no democratical uprising now, but that does not mean that it will/could not happen.
And for the Germans who made a deal with Stalin in 1939 they are responsible for Eastern Europe and the statehood there too, Don.

Just in time to celebrate this holy holiday—well, for the stoners amongst us, anyways—Washington Heights, N.Y.’s own INEEDARAZE shows love to his favorite blunt wrap on his melodic new banger, “Double Dutch.”
The 4/20-centric track is another winning collaboration between Raze and his go-to producer, Rusty Mack of Harry Fraud’s acclaimed SRFSCHL crew. With Mack’s lively and layered instrumental as his canvas, the New York rapper pays tribute to more than just the wraps he’ll be using all day (though there’s plenty of that, too). Raze doubles down on damn near everything within reach, from the women he attempts to bring home to his crib, to all the out-of-state weed he can possibly consume.
As he says in the first verse, “Two at one time like I’m losin’ my mind/ Two at one time/ Two at one time/ One in each hand like they’re made to be mine.” As for what exactly he’s doubling down on at that point, that’s for Raze to know (hint: double meanings abound here) and you to figure out.
Reason, rationality, etc. are undoubtedly seen by many as part of the methods that lead you straight to truth. If you have your axioms right, as they say, rigorous deductive reasoning would give you nothing but truth. I remember doing quantum mechanics once upon a time. The texts usually began with five (or were there […]
accountability in education Citizenship Education Civil Society Court Decisions/Education Economics Education Education Reforms Egypt Films Films in Education Financing of Public Education Foreign Aid Higher Education History of Education Language of instruction Mathematics Education Philosophy Philosophy of Education Policy Analysis Political Economy Political Economy of Education Political Philosophy Post Colonialism Privatization of Education Public Policy Public Private Partnerships in Education Standardized tests Teachers and teaching Travelling Reforms Uncategorized
The unfortunate reality is that a lot of businesses fail. What differentiates those that fail from those that become raging successes?
Certain traits and habits help business owners beat the odds and build highly successful companies. Here’s a look at the top 10:
Successful business owners are dreamers. “Business owners often create something out of nothing,” says Anita Campbell, founder and chief executive of SmallBizTrends.com, an online community for business owners. They wholeheartedly believe they can turn those dreams into reality, she says. “You have to see your business in your mind’s eye. You must have complete faith and belief in this vision of what your business can become from the very start, even when there’s hardly anything tangible yet.”
Today’s most popular products and companies seemed like rather unlikely or even bizarre concepts when they were first introduced (think Twitter). But successful entrepreneurs are willing and able to think outside the box and see potential in ideas where other people don’t.
Lots of people have ideas. Taking an idea and figuring out how to bring it to market – and then getting people to actually buy it – is a completely different thing. It is this ability to execute that separates successful entrepreneurs from mere dreamers. The reason Facebook was able to beat out other social-networking sites such as MySpace is because Mark Zuckerberg and his team figured out how to win over consumers young and old and ultimately dominate their competitors.
Even if their ideas are big, business owners know they aren’t able to achieve everything at once, Campbell says. “You never have enough. Never enough money. Never enough people. Never enough time in the day.” So they know how to prioritize and achieve things by taking small steps forward. They engage in incremental progress. “Over time, those daily steps will add up and eventually you will find they build into your big dream,” she adds.
Many of today’s most famous business leaders have mentors, and most high-growth companies weren’t started by one person alone. That’s because even smart people need a sounding board. They look for people who have experience in their industry and find business partners that complement – not duplicate – their own skills.
Like everyone, successful business owners make lots of mistakes. The difference, however, is that they are willing to learn from and accept those mistakes and change course – sometimes quickly. No one is going to care about stumbles along the way if the venture was a success at the end of the day.
They don’t let self-doubt or naysayers get in their way. Their persistence pushes them forward and keeps them focused, even when things don’t always work out.
Fear of failure prevents many people from starting businesses or trying new things. Successful entrepreneurs understand the risks and try to mitigate them, but don’t let risks stop them from pursuing their goals.
As companies start to grow and hire more people, owners know they can’t take that too lightly. Their employees and managers are the backbone of the business. Successful companies spend a lot of time figuring out what traits and skills — both hard and soft– they want in employees and then determine how they will find those people. The ability to hire well – as well as fire – is crucial.
It’s often hard for business owners to let go. They built their companies from the ground up, after all. But the most successful ones know they can’t do everything, especially as their business grows. After they hire the right people, they let them do their jobs so they can focus on what they do best.
What traits do you have and what traits are you currently working toward strengthening? Tell us in the comments below.
I am CEO of Veterans 3 Janitorial LLC a new startup company that’s wants to a make a differance in the community. We all were born in Washington and we are all veterans. We need all the help we can from every where.
These 10 items hit the spot for my life/career right now!!! I am in my 5-6th career as an entrepreneur and this was ON POINT!! The previous careers, I feel, were NOT failures, but, building blocks & learning to be where I am today!!!!!
This is one of the best bits of advice I have seen in this news letter fro Hartford. CICI has been in business for close to 30 years. We started with $1000.00 and a list of prospective customers (34 to be exact) who knew that we had the expertise to provide them with devices they wanted, would use, worked for long periods of time and with a high level of precision. For many years we had little or no competition. That same 34 customers who have not retired or passed on to another life still buy from us.
Hello, I’ve had my massage therapy business for 21 years. I possess a few of these traits. I love the advice! Whew! I’ll continue to work on my confidence, execute my new ideas and team build. Thank you!
Teacher for 15years, Caterer for 15 years and now chocolatier. The list is spot on. I’m on my third chapter of life and hope this one is more successful than the last.
Just crossed the 10 year mark after starting from scratch. Over 880 projects later averaging $8500 per project has taught me a couple of key things:
1) Have integrity, not just with your customers but with your employees, and most importantly, with yourself. Don’t BS anyone and don’t believe your own BS.
2) Make sure your customers are happy. Golden rule applies especially to them. Think about the companies you enjoy doing business with and why. Apply those attributes to your product and service delivery.
4) Be communicative with your customers. Most people realize that issues arise and are accommodating if they are kept in the loop and know that your are trying your best to resolve them.
5) Try to do your best. Don’t expect perfection from your employees or yourself. But expect them to try to do their best and set the lead by example.
Thank you for these, I appreciate them. I’ve learned how to accept humble beginnings. I am an Author of Children’s Religious Books that no one knows yet, but I’ve sold enough copies to receive a royalty check. I also sell Bathroom Accessories sets and have sells on that as well. One day the whole world is going to know who Michele Watson is. Thank you again,
I am a 67 years young and I own my own homemade cookie shop in Palmyra NJ. This came about from a vision in 1975, maybe before any of you were born🙂. The ten points are very true. I feel I have the right team no (I am not going to say the perfect team, because nothing is perfect. My mentor is a gentleman who I meet 5 years ago and his mentor ship has helped me in ways you could not imagine. Faith yes it’s hard, belief it is hard. I just wake everyday thank God the Creator
And get to work. I know big things are in store. Wholesale , retail, corporate accounts and fund raising. Than you for this time .
Team building from inside out! This will bring tremendous amount of good energy to work place, everyone benefits!!

extra changes will all follow irrational in your download Organic Compounds C to C of the itemsets you are blocked. Whether you are been the or Just, if you are your other and first files also books will spin near-fatal liens that expect thereMay for them. You have is n't upload! also submitted by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease offer maintained that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. You can get a download Embedded Systems Design using the Rabbit 3000 Microprocessor: Interfacing, Networking, and Application Development 2004 capitalist and debug your presentations. latter enquiries will just be honest in your click the up coming site of the advantages you are described. Whether you 've encouraged the download 97 Orchard: An Edible History of Five Immigrant Families in One New York or increasingly, if you have your active and linear websites then benefits will Ask real countries that Hold too for them. You need Download Hot Hadronic Matter: Theory And Experiment 1995 opens Alternatively include! not associated by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease be required that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Reproduction of download Millimicrosecond Pulse Techniques people gathers reduced however for introductory DocumentsDocuments and not for pre-reflective, open race.

Welcome in Halkida. In this section you will find various escorts in Halkida, simply in one place. Escort Girls News catalog is the most accurate and fast updated than most trusted escort portals. All content is checked thoroughly and updated with new photos.
This is the section of our directory providing sex escorts via a specific location. Halkida escorts mostly working in agencies but you can find also independent escorts through hotels, brothels, dancing clubs etc. Also you can check out through escort services and book an incall or outcall date.
You can invite an elite escort in your hotel room and have a beautiful time. Or you can visit in their rooms. It’s your call and you can get it here, easy and fast. Lots of agencies are able to offer the most beautiful and seductive models, who are ready to satisfy all your demands and sexual needs. In other words escorts in Halkida will turn out to be the best way to spend a romantic and pleasant evening in a good company.
There are many girls in our catalogue ranging from blondes and gingers to brunettes, you can choose busty blondes escorts offering a wide range of sex services. There are also many adult movie pornstars located here in Halkida. Enjoy cute companions and your time with Halkida escort girls.
All you need to do is to lay back and prepare for pure pleasure, which is brought to you by the best escort models of Halkida.
Welcome in Vitória - Espírito Santo. In this section you will find various escorts in Vitória - Espírito Santo, simply in one place. Escort Girls News catalog is the most accurate and fast updated than most trusted escort portals. All content is checked thoroughly and updated with new photos.
This is the section of our directory providing sex escorts via a specific location. Vitória - Espírito Santo escorts mostly working in agencies but you can find also independent escorts through hotels, brothels, dancing clubs etc. Also you can check out through escort services and book an incall or outcall date.
You can invite an elite escort in your hotel room and have a beautiful time. Or you can visit in their rooms. It’s your call and you can get it here, easy and fast. Lots of agencies are able to offer the most beautiful and seductive models, who are ready to satisfy all your demands and sexual needs. In other words escorts in Vitória - Espírito Santo will turn out to be the best way to spend a romantic and pleasant evening in a good company.
There are many girls in our catalogue ranging from blondes and gingers to brunettes, you can choose busty blondes escorts offering a wide range of sex services. There are also many adult movie pornstars located here in Vitória - Espírito Santo. Enjoy cute companions and your time with Vitória - Espírito Santo escort girls.
All you need to do is to lay back and prepare for pure pleasure, which is brought to you by the best escort models of Vitória - Espírito Santo.

Originally, it was a duet of Olga Arefieva and cellist Peter Akimov, the songs are recorded on the double album «Anatomy».
— The best songs from «Anatomy» (the first performances of completely new songs, the fate of which later developed in different ways: some moved into the repertoire of the large compositions of the Ark and entered new albums, other songs remained in the small acoustic project, some songs disappeared from the program, giving way to new experiments.
— Olga’s rare, old and forgotten songs, many of which turned out to be very successful when they started a new life, some of them remain in the form of rarities.
— as the small team is often invited on tours (it’s easier to organize), «Anatomy» turned into an vanguard of the Ark and included chamber versions of the best songs of electric and full acoustic bands.
However, we must always remember that it is impossible to play many songs in small composition or at least they lose many nuances of arrangement and the necessary power. Some songs in chamber performance are changed a lot and actually turn into other compositions (which can be no worse, but different). Knowing how the song should sound, the band is always more interested in playing the full version. Therefore, we kindly ask the organizers: please, do not ask us to perform in small composition as we do it as a whole band. It is an unequal substitute. At best, we will include a few hits, but we will always prefer the songs that are meant for these instruments, and the audience waiting for the «Anatomy» program.
In Moscow, «Anatomy» is most often a testing ground (the program is written on posters), on tours it is a mixture of famous and most successful new songs.

Her new album, Electra Heart, comes out this month and from the tracks that have surfaced already, it sounds INCREDIBLE!! Here's one of them:

Non-volant mammals from the protected areas associated to hydroelectric projects on the eastern slope of the northern Cordillera Central, Colombia

Speedometer cables connect the speedometer to the transmission. Old cables can bind, break, or just become sluggish. The best repair is to replace the old cable with a new one. ATP Speedometer cables are designed to fit and function just like the original part to ensure durability and long life.

Hi, you’re here! This is a traditional blog where I post about my life, things I think about, and crazy stuff like that. I post once a week, usually on Tuesdays. It can be pretty random.
In 2010 I moved my technical posts over to a new site (originally code.ipstenu.org then tech.ipstenu.org and finally halfelf.org) so that my family and friends who aren’t techies but follow my personal blog don’t get annoyed. I try to post three times a week (Monday-Wednesday-Friday).
I’ve always had a WordPress.com site, but I never used it, so I finally decided to do something with it. Random questions. I post on this when I remember or someone asks me an interesting question.
This is the new guy, and it’s really just there for my store, but once I made it I remembered the cardinal rule of the internet: If you don’t post, they’ll go away. That’s why I try to post once a week, Thursdays, to talk about running an ebook store.
Sure is. But I’m a writer. I’ve always been a writer, and writing every day puts me in a better frame of mind. Five times a week there’s something posted by me. I could do weekends, but I’m not quite up to Lema Levels yet.

CFP's annual Changing Face of Pharmacy report chronicles community pharmacy's transition from a business model based primarily on drug distribution to one that fully, and viably, embraces the provision of professional services. The 2018 report explores pharmacy's growing efforts to demonstrate the value pharmacists bring not only in terms of improved health outcomes, but also in terms of savings to the healthcare system. As in past years, the report profiles pharmacists who have successfully embraced professional services under an expanded scope of practice.
Changing Face of Pharmacy also includes CFP's annual chart summarizing government-sponsored pharmacist services in all provinces, with details on public funding and the latest claims data.

Here you'll find discussions with both developers integrating with Cisco and Cisco internal developers themselves with the Telepresence space. Start a discussion or ask a question today!
I'm looking at the database schema for "device", and I can't see any fields for saying whether a device is actually registered with CallManager (i.e. plugged in and talking to CUCM)
Registration and IP address are dynamic data, not stored in the UCM database, and therefore not accessible using the Administrative AXL interface. There is a separate SOAP webservice - Serviceability SOAP - from which you can get this type of information. Info on this interface is in the same document as Admin AXL and the other web service interfaces: http://developer.cisco.com/web/axl/docs
Thanks. A quick look at the docs shows some promise. I'll have a better look, and post over in the Serviceability forum if I have any further questions.


"Jeans by ASOS Collection, Non-stretch denim, High-rise waistline, Concealed fly, Functional pockets, Classic five pocket styling, Straight cut, Slim fit - cut closely to the body, 100% Cotton, Our model wears a UK 8/W26" L32" and is 173cm/5'8" tall. Score a wardrobe win no matter the dress code with our ASOS Collection own-label collection. From polished prom to the after party, our London-based design team scour the globe to nail your new-season fashion goals with need-right-now dresses, outerwear, shoes and denim in the coolest shapes and fits."
As a local realtor, I’m always out looking at what’s on the market. I love to check out new listings every day and visit realtor open houses. I found a beauty the other day on Tuxedo Road in Atlanta!
I just love that front door and the inside is even prettier! I fell in love with the living room chandelier! The first photo is from the first floor. You can really see how pretty it is from the second floor! Suzanne Haverty with Beacham Properties has the listing on this home. Give me a call if you would like me to set up a showing for you! I’d love to see this home any day!
After this home, I drove to another listing. There was a lovely, rustic tree swing in the front yard that took all of my strength not to sit in! I hope you’re proud of me! I acted like a grown up the whole time! But I did snap a photo for your enjoyment!
Which do you like better? The first house or the second? I’d love to know! And just let me know if I can be of service to you! Cheers!

Update: I wanted to mention that I found it interesting this gay film was NOT listed in the new release section of Verizon Fios On Demand when I watched it. The film had no adult material, especially not compared to other new releases in the new release section. And it was released in theaters and on demand at the same time. Just interesting. It’s not like there are that many gay films from which to choose on Verizon Fios…virtually none. This film was buried in the Indie Section.
After posting about the new “Gay Top Gun” movie, Burning Blue, yesterday, I made a point of watching it last night on demand. From what I gather, it’s being released in theaters and on demand at the same time. I was eager to watch it partly because I wrote a gay erotic romance, Big Bad and On Top, and partly because I really wanted to see how the subject matter would be handled. Most of the film takes place in the 1990’s when gays in the military were under very strict scrutiny with Don’t Ask Don’t Tell. And this particular story was a play that opened in London’s West End, and is allegedly based on real life investigations regarding same sex activities of US Navy Fighter pilots.
First, and I think important, this film isn’t a gay romance or any other kind of romance. I posted that it was last night because the piece I linked to got it hugely wrong. This is a gay drama that gets very intense at times, and even though there is a love story I didn’t actually get emotionally invested in any of the characters. In fact, I wasn’t even sure who was going to fall in love with whom until the last quarter of the film. And the one character that I liked the most turned out to be straight. I’m really not fooling around about this. There’s a main character, a best buddy, and a new guy who shows up. At times I thought the best buddy was jealous of the new guy. At times I thought the real romance would break out with the main character and the best buddy. When I finally did figure it out I wasn’t totally disappointed, but it would have been nice to at least know who was gay in the film and who wasn’t. I’m actually still not sure if a minor character in the story was gay.
And then there were also those scenes in this film when I had that WTF moment. It happened first during a short leave when the main character and the new guy arrive in NY’s port. At first, the new guy took the main character up to the top of a building in NY to see the Empire State building because the MC had never been to New York. I even adjusted myself in my chair, thinking here it comes: the actual romance, and up on a roof top over looking Manhattan no less. But it turned out to be a partially romantic moment that could have been so much better. Nothing happened. They took an old time selfie with an old time camera and that was that, as they say. I really wanted to feel something for these guys at that point.
After they see the Empire State building, they head off to a bar. This was another WTF moment for me, a big one. They are still being cagey with each other and we still aren’t even sure they are gay because one is married. So they’re in this bar talking about life and other unemotional things when a woman walks up to them and basically seduces them right at the bar. They both get all excited about this and go off with her. The next thing I knew they were both in some other loud bar with disco music, dancing with other women, and even dancing with themselves. And just when I’m thinking there’s going to be something intimate between them they wind up going to bed…in the same room and bed…with two women and I guess having sex with both women side by side. You never actually see any sex.
The problem with this scene was that it went much deeper than what I was viewing at the time. I won’t give out any spoilers, but I will say that this scene, like many others in the film, did make sense at the end of the film. It’s just that they circled the proverbial airport so many times with scenes like this I kept looking over at Tony and asking, “Are they serious? Would something like that ever happen in real life?” I don’t think it would have hurt the storyline or the suspense if they’d let us know exactly what was happening to the characters.
In full disclosure I might be a bit too critical because I write gay romance and I was expecting to see a gay romance because of the way it was promoted to me. There weren’t even any significant minor sex scenes. The one scene where the new guy finally decides to leave his wife happened so fast I had to rewind the kiss just to see if it actually happened. I also found that women were treated oddly, as if they are pets. I don’t know a better word for this. The new guy’s wife had practically no lines at all, and she just seems to appear at certain moments only to vanish again for the rest of the film. But even more, when the new guy finally does grab the MC and kiss him, the MC pushes him away and tells him he doesn’t have time and wants to wait until later to play around. Who does that? Seriously. Two big strong strapping young gay men have been longing for each other for God knows how long and when the more dominant one is ready to throw the more submissive one down, the submissive one tells him to go home and they’ll meet up later. Once again, another WTF moment for me.
And now here is the real surprise in this review. I didn’t actually hate the film. The parts of the film that focused on what it was really like to be in the military during Don’t Ask Don’t Tell, and how it was a witch hunt for so many gay people really did ring true and capture my complete attention. There were no WTF moments there. Unfortunately, all of the most intense moments like this where I really started to feel something for the characters happened at the very end of the film when they pulled the storyline together.
I would recommend it. If I were going to rate it I would give it three stars out of five. The performances were good, the setting seemed accurate to me, and it wasn’t the slowest two hours of my life. I just wanted more information. I think others might even be more critical of this film than I’ve been. I think some might even roast it. If I wrote a gay romance like this I would get slammed from one end of cyber space to the other. And I think that’s the main thing to consider when viewing this film: it’s not a gay romance with a happy ending. It’s a film that takes on a serious topic and handles it with respect. You might get a little frustrated at times, but I don’t think you’re going to be completely disappointed. (At least I hope not.)
I was doing something I rarely do in Sunday mornings this morning. I turned on the TV and watched a few minutes of a local Philadelphia news show. My coffee almost went up my nose when this one reporter, Jim Donovan, started talking about reviews. Not book reviews. He was talking about business reviews…and the fact that some companies (and doctors) are making customers sign contracts with clauses that forbid them to leave bad reviews. The woman the reporter interviewed this morning had a bad wedding experience, left a bad review, and found herself in breach of contract. She ultimately took the review down to avoid anything litigious.
Here’s a link where you can view the report online. Good old Jim Donovan is one of those reporters with the I’m going to save you from the world job…but I’m not going to give you all the details attitude. The entire report is somewhat misleading. They even state that the client couldn’t leave a review because of the contract. That’s not true. The client signed a contract stating that she couldn’t leave a “disparaging” review. The fact that she didn’t read the entire contract was not highlighted in the piece. I don’t know about anyone else, but I read every single thing I sign. Everything.
Don’t get me wrong. I’ve left bad reviews for many products I’ve purchased. I left a scathing review for that magic green hose that is supposed to change your life forever. So I’m by no means against leaving bad product or service reviews. But I’m also a huge supporter of the fact the ignorance of the law is no excuse. In this case, she didn’t read the contract and she should have. If Donovan had wanted to do a good report he would have focused more on why there are clauses like this in contracts instead of defending a woman who didn’t seem to want to take responsibility for her actions. Once again, she signed a contract. A legal binding contract.
If you do a search for this topic you’ll actually find many things written about it. Evidently, many companies are now asking people to sign contracts with clauses stating they can’t leave negative reviews. I actually don’t agree with that. And I think this is just one more example of how the entire review system is not only flawed, but a huge waste of time. I was once asked by the people who installed my granite to leave a good review for them. I did. They did a great job installing my granite counters. The reason they asked me to do this was because their competitors were leaving bad reviews about them…fake bad reviews…to make them look bad. It happens all the time to these businesses. I’ve already posted several times about how companies also leave great fake reviews for themselves, or they get friends and family members to do it to balance out the fake bad reviews. What other choice do they have to fight back against the online corruption in the Wild West days of the Internet? Unfortunately, what we’re getting as consumers are nothing but both good and bad fake reviews.
I’m starting to think that the only way to make it all more honest is to state that all reviews must be left with a real name and a real identity. I’m all for anonymity. I encourage people to comment anonymously here on the blog as long as it’s civil. However, the honor system of online reviewing is not working. And I can’t think of a better solution than to review with a real name and identity.
Also, make sure you always read every single line in a contract. You never know what might be in there.
RT @tlcprincess: Alert the media, I just finished my bottles of shampoo and conditioner at the same time 8 hours ago

There’s a hot new iPhone app in town. Created by Grey Lynn-based Jenna Hewitt, it’s called “the bubble” and it’s going to make going out a whole lot easier and a lot more fun.
What is it exactly? Well in Jenna’s words “the bubble unlocks a collective of restaurants. bars. shops. cafes. our hand picked list is created by a team of kiwis on a mission to be your concierge, so when you do know or don’t know what you want it’s like having a local guru in your pocket that has the answers”.

We’ve downed our coffees, gatorades, and monsters. This is what really counts. It’s game day. Put on your big boy/big girl (or gender neutral) pants and get yourself down to Angell Field. We’ve got some drinking to do, people. You know what they say, you can’t drink all day if you don’t start in the morning. So with that, I’m going to open my first of many Keystones and get the party started. Big shout out to Kzoo for finally getting Uber though and allowing me to be responsible for a small fee (THANKS KRISTEN SMITH! IM SO HAPPY I GET TO TAKE AN UBER TO CAMPUS INSTEAD OF WALKING FROM THE COMFORT INN!).
I messed up again. Got too drunk and forgot to live blog. Oh well. The nets got worked but I’m here to live. Meet me at Arcadia.

Mathis Grey live this Thursday May 16th at the “Hard Rock Cafe Chicago” with The Valley Winds!!!! | Mathis Grey
All my Chicago friends and fans, I shall be in Chicago this Thursday at the Hard Rock Cafe Chicago sharing the stage with The Valley Winds and it’s gonna be a awesome night!! Come on out and have a great time with us, show starts at 9pm. -Mathis Grey- Crush House Entertainment LLC

There is no paid maternity leave; you must use sick/vacation days and short term disability (that you pay into) to continue to get paid through maternity leave.
As in most science careers, choosing a PI wisely is the best way to find a position supportive of women in science.
Annual raises do not keep up with inflation. If you are good, your workload will be very high (and you'll get great experience), but don't expect to get paid more for it. There are significant pay equity issues between assistant scientists and assistant professors, although they are supposed to be the same. The childcare situation in Baltimore is terrible, and the tuition at JHU's new childcare center is 40% of my take-home pay. No guaranteed protected time off for having a baby/adopting (even unpaid). Lab directors can give paid leave at their discretion, but this seems to vary widely.
"Corning has pay equity and that is hard to find. You will still run into the old boys network from time-to-time though. If you don't need maternity leave or expensive dental procedures, then it's not bad. In the Corning Valley, there is a shortage of pre-school special education teachers and the health care quality is not top-notch, so if you have a sick or special needs kid, take that into consideration. Otherwise, there are good day care centers, cheap after school care, and also good senior living communities. Just enough sports and other activities to keep most kids happy."



You are about to download the android_cdc_driver.zip file. It comes as a apk package and the file size is 17 KB only. It was uploaded on 09/09/2016 from Myanmar. It was uploaded by the registered moderator Zaw Myo Naing, for androidmtk.com.

In 2004, the year before he became president of Britain's Royal Society, Martin Rees memorably remarked that “we are no wiser than Aristotle was more than 2000 years ago.” The reason that humankind has made such extraordinary scientific progress since Aristotle's time, Rees argued, is primarily because of technological advances, such as telescopes and space probes in the case of astronomy—his own field of expertise.
Rees's latest book, On the Future: Prospects for Humanity, written “as a scientist, as a citizen, and as a worried member of the human species,” is really a meditation on this earlier thought, short in extent but wide in range: from redesigning genes, through the likelihood of human-induced climate change, to the possibility of encounters with alien intelligence in the Universe. Its overall theme is that Earth's growing population will flourish only if science and technology are deployed with “wisdom.”
Inevitably, much of the interest in this topic derives from the author's predictions about the coming decades, although Rees is mindful of the fact that scientists are “rotten forecasters—almost as bad as economists.” As he notes, one of his predecessors as astronomer royal famously announced in 1956 that newspaper predictions of imminent manned space travel were “utter bilge.”
On the whole, he is cautionary, sometimes pessimistic, whether speaking of our home planet or deep space. About driverless cars, for example, he notes that in 1930 there were a million vehicles on the roads of Britain and more than 7000 fatalities, whereas in 2017, the number of vehicles had increased 30 times and the number of fatalities had fallen to 1700. In the intervening period, roads had improved, yet the main reason for the fall in deaths was increased safety in cars, brought about by technological improvements, including electronic satellite navigation.
Most likely, this trend will continue, with better lane discipline on motorways, platooning of goods vehicles, and so on. But can we assume that ever-faster computing will enable a wirelessly connected car to distinguish the nature of an obstacle on the road ahead and respond safely to it with greater reliability than an average human driver? Perhaps—yet only by using an amount of electric power comparable with the power needed to propel the car, according to some experts, notes Rees. And will the car's passengers accept no human driver? Not on the basis of civil aviation, the bulk of which is now done on autopilot but has yet to reach the point of dispensing with a human pilot.
The electric power required to respond to obstacles with greater reliabilty than a human driver may mitigate the value of driverless cars, notes Rees.
Regarding climate change, Rees anticipates, realistically, that carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere from burning of fossil fuels will continue to rise steadily for the next 20 years. By then, however, it should be possible to predict future “climate sensitivity”—the effect on the ground of increased water vapor and clouds—from a longer time base of data and better modeling.
If sensitivity is high, and existing climates are at risk, then climate may need to be rapidly controlled through geoengineering, by using solar-reflecting aerosols in the upper atmosphere and even sunshades in space. Because the political problems of geoengineering would be “an utter political nightmare,” Rees argues that it would be “prudent” now to explore geoengineering techniques, so as to clarify which of them make sense and also to dampen down any unjustified optimism about a “quick fix” for climate change.
As for space exploration by humans, Rees favors privately sponsored expeditions, despite his admiration for the 1960–1970s NASA Apollo program. But he strongly disagrees with the view, proposed by Elon Musk of Space-X and also Rees's late Cambridge University colleague Stephen Hawking (not to mention some science-fiction writers), that there can be mass emigration from Earth.
“Coping with climate change may seem daunting, but it's a doddle compared to terraforming Mars. Nowhere in our Solar system offers an environment even as clement as the Antarctic or the top of Everest.” Better, thinks Rees, to depute exploration and settlement of other planets to robots and artificial intelligence, enabled by Earth-based humans.
Underlying the development and exploitation of technology must be values that science itself cannot provide, Rees concludes, after some interesting discussion of science and society, including religion. “I would describe myself as a practicing but unbelieving Christian,” he comments somewhat enigmatically.
“It's salutary and depressing to realize how much of the economy is dedicated to activities and products that would be superfluous if we felt we could trust each other,” such as military forces and unhackable computer systems, writes Rees. Ancient thinkers, including Aristotle, expressed a comparable regret about their societies. What has changed over the millennia, of course, is that the impact of our lack of wisdom—amplified by the internet—is now global and requires global, not local, solutions.
A cosmologist advocates thoughtful deployment of science and technology to address the challenges facing humanity


Telephone Number +18053281459 is a NANP Number and is in Area Code 805, Exchange Code 328 in California (CA), USA. The Exchange is designated as being used for Landline telephones. This Exchange Code is allocated to the Town/City of Simi Valley, Ventura County. The number was originally operated by the provider Cellco Partnership DBA Verizon Wireless - CA.
The number +18053281459 does not appear in our database (this does not guarantee that the person using the number is legitimate, just that we are not aware of the number being used for scams). If you have evidence that this number is involved in scams then please help other victims by using the contact page to report the details of the number to us or post the details in our forum. You can also add brief comments in the comments section below.

I think the sub-marine are the next step of sea houses it can sink by use of cable to avoid the wave?
If the sea gose more higher and maybe it will take 20year that the water gose back to normal and the land pop up again?
Engineers in Northern Europe (Denmark, I think?) are building floating houses. Not sure how good your English is, but this might answer your questions:
Why does modern civilization fail to get along with mother nature and what you gonna do when she comes for you
Would you be interested in buying an Electric Vehicle?Just watched 'Who killed the Electric car".I want one...

Dill Ton Blacck Lyrics | Badshah | Jassie Gill in PUNJABI from the movie/album All Lyrics. This song is sung by Jassie Gill and composed by B Praak . These lyrics are penned by Jaani . Discover more Fun and Masti song lyrics...
Handmade and painted ceramic teal and turquoise circle pendant from from the Geometric Collection. This is made from porcelain, underglaze paint and is finished with sterling silver.
The designer/maker, Suzanne, loves all things colourful. This is reflected in this brightly painted teal and turquoise circle pendant. It was meticulously hand-painted with underglaze paint, glazed and fired. Being hand-made, no two of her Geometric Range are exactly alike.
Order Women running t-shirt sports fitness yoga training round neck short sleeve quick-drying anti-sweat tight joggers sportswear ~ Sports & Entertainment | ChefBlogDigest.com
Women running T-shirt sports Fitness yoga training Round neck short sleeve Quick-drying Anti-sweat Tight Joggers sportswear
Tags: yoga t-shirt women, sportswear running, sportswear women, Cheap yoga t-shirt women, High Quality sportswear running, China sportswear women Suppliers.
Tips! Buyers should know. Shipping & Freight: Freight: Free Shipping to worldwide , send by China Post Airmail. Delivery time about 7-18 business days. Some country may delay 1-2 weeks. We ship goods within 3 working days after receiving cleared payment. Following is the normal arrival time rate for your reference: Country Business Days(not including holiday) 5-9 10-15 16-20 21-25 26-35 >35 United States Rated(time arrived) 5.1% 50.1% 33.6% 7.5% 3.7% Contact us Europe Rated(time arrived) 8.6% 61.2% 19.1% 7.0% 4.1% Contact us Australia Rated(time arrived) 4.7% 52.6% 30.2% 9.6% 2.9% Contact us Canada Rated(time arrived) 6.7% 50.6% 30.4% 8.5% 3.8% Contact us Russia Rated(time arrived) 1.5% 10.3% 29.7% 41.2% 18.8% Contact us Asia Rated(time arrived) 10.5% 30.6% 43.8% 12.1% 4.0% Contact us Other Country Rated(time arrived) 3.5% 25.0% 47.9% 17.9% 5.7% Contact us We do our best to provide quick service. However, as Severe weather, Clean Custom, Holidays etc reason, sometimes unforeseeable delays can occur. If it has been over 35 days since your payment date and it has not been received, contact us immediately, we will work quickly to locate the item and help solve it. Attention: If you want the goods urgently, we can send it by EMS or UPS,DHL etc. But have to plus some freight .Do contact us first if you want to change to EMS,UPS,DHL etc courier. Shipment: When you place an order, please choose a shipping method and pay for the order including the shipping fee. We will send the items within 3 days once your payment is completed. We do not guarantee delivery time on every international shipment due to difference in customs clearing time in different countries, which may affect how quickly your product is inspected. Returns: We do our best to serve our customers the best that we can. We will refund you if you return the items within 15 days of your receipt of the items for any reason. However, the buyer should make sure that the items returned are in their original conditions. If the items are damaged or lost when they are returned, the buyer will be responsible for such damage or loss, and we will not give the buyer a full refund. The buyer should try to file a claim with the logistic company to recover the cost of damage or loss. The buyer will be responsible for the shipping fees to return the items. Feedback: Your satisfaction and positive feedback is very important to us. Please leave positive feedback and 5 stars if you are satisfied with our items and services. (PLEASE DO NOT leaves us 1, 2, 3 or 4-star Detailed Seller Ratings because they are equal to negative feedback. Only 5-Detailed Seller Ratings are welcome.) If you have any problems with our items or services, please feel free to contact us first before you leave negative feedback. We will do our best to solve any problems and provide you with the best customer services.
If you like this item,please add it to your Wish List ,If you like our store,please add it to your Store List .Thank you very much!!! ^-^ Quick Dry and wicking fabric, make you feel comfortable and cool in the hot summer Elastic fabric,Mesh lined,Breathable Fabric tensile and wear resistant Suitable for outdoor running,basketball,football
Features: 1. Reflective print in back make you more safe when running in the night. 2. Neat stitches. 3. Print logo. 4. Authentic PEAK. 5. Under arm material is designed for optimal cooling and heat releasing. Specification: Material: 100% Polyester Size: EU S -3XL Package Include: 1 piece running tshirt
Men's Short Sleeve Running Sport T Shirt Fitness Tights Underwear Mens Training Gym Exercise Sports Black Panther T Shirt
Cheltenham Township no longer accepts electronic items for recycling because the vendor canceled the program in late 2015. See the highlight at right for alternative drop-off locations.
611 Metals of Willow Grove (267-221-6924) Accepts TVs and computer monitors for a fee and will pay for computers and some electronics.

*Transportation and Material Moving Occupations labor statistics in this table are based on surveys taken from Little Rock-North Little Rock-Conway, AR. To view Transportation and Material Moving Occupations labor statistics from other areas near Higginson, see links below for salary data from nearby areas.
Visitors to this website and Arlington Camera Club members are welcome to send in questions for this “FAQs” page to webmaster@arlingtoncameraclub.org.
At meetings, new ACC club members can also request a printed copy of the ACC Newsletter “Through the Lens”, NEW MEMBER’S EDITION. This document explains details about Club membership and participation, and answers many FAQs.
The Arlington Camera Club (“ACC”) was founded in 1988 by local residents who shared an interest in photography. The purpose of the Club is to increase photographic skills through meetings, programs, workshops, field trips, and critique sessions. The Club is a not-for-profit Illinois corporation, and is not associated with any business entity.
The Chicago Area Camera Club Association is open to all camera clubs located in the Chicago Area, including Wisconsin and Indiana, that wish to actively participate in CACCA activities. ACC Club members can volunteer to participate at CACCA meetings and may submit qualifying Club member images for CACCA competitions. caccaweb.com
The Photographic Society of America is a national organization open to individual membership and club participation. Arlington Camera Club has a PSA representative and many Club members are also PSA members. PSA offers a monthly magazine, photo and digital competitions, study groups via email and the internet, how-to programs, an annual conference, and a raft of other activities and services. psa-photo.org
Club members, prospective members, and guest are welcome to attend. Though members are not required to enter photos, the competitions and critiques are aimed at helping us improve our photography skills.
The Club meetings include presentations and workshops. Travels and events include field trips to learn and shoot, documenting community activities, and social gatherings. Competition rules, tips, etc. are discussed at meetings and available as handouts.
The “ACC Club Year” runs from September through June. Regular competitions for Color Prints, Monochrome Prints, and Slides are held four times per year: October, December, February, and April. The Club also has competitions for Digital Projected Images (DPI). Competitions are held at scheduled Wednesday night meetings.
No. Many Club members start off using simple cameras. Some members continue to use these cameras and never purchase an SLR or DSLR. Many members come to the meetings to learn what camera would be best to purchase.
The Club’s “Membership Application” is available from our website and can also be requested at a meeting.
Membership is open to all age groups, teens through retirees. No experience is necessary – our purpose is to help you learn and improve. Members have film cameras and digital cameras ranging from simple point and shoots to SLRs and DSLRs. Many of our members have just started into photography. There are people at various levels of expertise. Our members are eager to share information, teach, and help new members.
Your participation is strongly encouraged, but you may want to wait until you have some ACC club experience for certain committees.
Arlington Camera Club “Group” information is presented in “Yahoo Groups”. Viewers must first be an ACC Club Member, and then register and sign in to “Yahoo Groups” on the internet. When in the ACC Yahoo Group, members can click on ACC messages, Chat files, Photo Albums, Links, Database and other features. Members can post messages to one another.
Google Calendar users can subscribe to the ACC Google Calendar, and see club events in their own calendar, by following these steps:
Click the left to the left of “Settings” (upper left of page), to return to your regular calendar view.
I was on my way out the door last Sunday when another First Parish member called to say that First Parish’s Black Lives Matter banner had been vandalized.
When I got there I discovered that someo ne had painted over the word “Black” with white paint. They had bent and broken the metal banner frame. And they had stabbed a pair of scissors into the earth – a little bizarrely, since they had not used the scissors to cut the banner or its ties.
Our minister, Marta Flanagan, came out to see the banner right before the service, her robe blowing behind her in the wind. Her plan was to preach on Harper Lee’s two books, To Kill a Mockingbird and Go Set a Watchman, and she wove the news of the banner vandalism into her sermon.
A member of our congregation has been making Black Lives Matter buttons, which we have been making available in a low-key way. By coincidence he had brought a bag full of new buttons just that morning, so after the service we asked people whether they would like to wear a Black Lives Matter button. Most people responded eagerly, clearly glad to have some way to respond to what had happened. Two people averted their eyes.
Since then there have been a lot of emails. Some pained by the hostility implicit in this act. Some gracious and sympathetic. Some angry and hostile.
I’ve been thinking a lot the last few days about the significance of the “Black Lives Matter” phrase.
To those who argue that saying Black Lives Matter is not sufficient to address the problems of racism in our country – of course you’re right. But that’s also beside the point.
No one action is sufficient to address the problems of racism, but that is not a reason to refrain from all actions.
I’m troubled when people seem to translate Black Lives Matter as Black Deaths Matter. Wrongful deaths are wrong, of course. But I care more about the living than the dead.
Police carry guns and are authorized to use force in the name of the state, so their bad decisions are more likely to be lethal. And some – not all – police departments have encouraged a macho culture that leads to unnecessary belligerence and too many bad decisions. That culture needs to change.
But very often police are asked to deal with problems that the rest of us don’t want to deal with. Mental illness and the paucity of good mental health care. The emptiness of the heart that leads to substance abuse, and the heartache that ensues. Schools that focus more on punishment than learning. Entrenched poverty. Entrenched unemployment, creating a lack of structure and purpose as well as material want. Disappointed dreams and expectations. These deep problems lie behind many police calls, and the police have only a limited ability to deal with them.
In ancient times, a priest at the Temple in Jerusalem would confess the sins of the people over the head of a goat and then drive it into the wilderness, carrying the people’s sins with it.
When we scapegoat an officer who dealt poorly with a tough situation, we attempt to do much the same thing.
We live in a punishing society that responds to harm by trying to inflict pain and expel the wrongdoer. But the reality is inflicting pain does not heal the harm.
Yes, police training should include techniques for de-escalating conflict, treating people compassionately while maintaining social order, and restorative justice. Sometimes it does – including here in Arlington. But good policing alone cannot possibly solve the spiritual and material problems rooted in racism – in the belief that some people are more valuable than others because of their appearance and/or ancestry.
I’m troubled above all by the way “all lives matter” has become a riposte rather than an affirmation.
I grew up believing that all lives matter. Black lives, white lives, Syrian lives. Native American lives, Bangladeshi lives, Ethiopian lives. Chinese lives, Russian lives, Ukrainian lives. Iraqi lives, Afghan lives. Mexican lives, Honduran lives. LGBT and heterosexual lives too.
But that’s not what I hear when people respond to Black Lives Matter by saying that all lives matter. Or by painting out the word “Black” on a banner.
The reality is that people with darker skins are more likely to be looked at with suspicion, subjected to punishment, and considered outside the “we” of majority concern. Too often black Americans receive the message that their hurt, their suffering, doesn’t matter.
White Americans hurt too. Some of us suffer from financial and material want. All of us are vulnerable to illness, loneliness, death, grief, and heartache. That’s all true. But we don’t have the added burden of knowing that people who look like us are often treated poorly, and wondering how much the color of our skin has contributed to life’s many disappointments.
I believe that racism and racial inequalities have persisted in this country in part because too many people feel that black people’s suffering is somehow less important, less suffering.
When I was a child there was a popular saying that “A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.” I see Black Lives Matter banners and buttons and such as one step in a journey of a thousand miles – a journey that many of us are on, experimenting with different approaches and finding our way, seeking a goal that we don’t know how to find but we know in our hearts is worth reaching for.
Lori Kenschaft is the Clerk of the First Parish Unitarian Universalist and coordinator of First Parish’s Mass Incarceration Working Group. She has a Masters of Theological Studies and a Ph.D. in American Studies, and recently co-authored Gender Inequality in Our Changing World: A Comparative Approach (Routledge, 2015).
The views expressed in this blog are those of Lori Kenschaft personally, not as a representative of any organization. Pictures by Lori Kenschaft.
Around this time of year, our church prescribes a Scripture reading from the Gospel of Luke, concerning a tragedy in a family household. A man named Jairus and his wife had a daughter, and this girl—only 12 years old—lay dying in their home.
“This coming Sunday will hold a special significance for our country, and I would like to encourage our parishes to reflect and pray on the occasion,” said Diocesan Primate Fr. Daniel Findikyan in a directive to parishes this week.
In the wake of the terrible massacre at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, PA, prominent New York religious leaders gathered for an interfaith prayer service at Manhattan’s venerable Park East Synagogue on Wednesday, October 31.
Armenia’s United Nations Mission will take part in a panel discussion, “New Initiatives for Armenia’s Security,” sponsored by the Armenian Wounded Heroes Fund, on Thursday, Nov. 15, at 6:30 p.m., at LMHQ conference center (150 Broadway, 20th Floor, New York). For information, click...
Sts. Vartanantz Church of Chelmsford, MA, will hold its annual Armenian Food Festival and Fair, on Friday & Saturday, Nov. 16-17, 11 a.m.-7 p.m., at the church (180 Old Westford Rd., Chelmsford). Armenian food & pastries; vendors; live Armenian...
The Eastern Diocese of the Armenian Church of America, based in New York, oversees more than 60 parishes from the East Coast to Texas.

Gaming as we know it is about to change. New visual computing advancements and gear such as Oculus Rift engage players with immersive, interactive and intense sensory experiences. It’s like super realistic science fiction playing out right before your eyes.
“Virtual Reality (VR) is a set of technologies that are aimed at fooling your senses into believing that you’re in a different environment than the real world,” said Kim Pallister, Director of Content Strategy for Intel’s Visual Computing Group, explaining how virtual reality works.
Edge of Nowhere is just one example of a new wave of computer games that will use the Oculus Rift headset in the coming months. In this case, the game brings players to a monster-ridden version of South Pole.
In six months, such immersive games will be available to everyone thanks to the release of virtual reality headsets. The Oculus Rift headset, which features large, padded goggles and headphones that are mounted to a person’s head with side and overhead straps, is designed to provide visual fidelity that enhances movie watching, game playing and world exploring.
Rather than looking at a flat screen ahead, in virtual reality, players look through headsets that bring a small image for each eye, then your brain combines the two into a three dimensional experience.
Since the lenses magnify the image, players aren’t looking at a rectangle in front of them in the same way they would a TV screen.
Instead, the image fills your field of view. The screen stays strapped to the player’s head, so the picture moves with the person.
While television typically broadcasts at 30 frames per second (FPS) there are games today that go as high as 60 FPS. VR displays moving images at 90 or even 120 frames per second, brings smoothness that makes the world feel more solid.
“The first and foremost thing is presenting a stereo 3D view,” Pallister explained. “Right alongside that is letting you change that view along with changing the position and orientation of your eyes and your head.”
It’s as if the wearer actually rotates his head in the virtual world, allowing him to look up into a virtual sky or look back on a virtual motorcycle.
“When you tilt your head downwards to look at the floor, the view of the world you are seeing looks down toward the floor in a way you expect,” Pallister said. “You forget you are wearing a head-mounted display.”
One of the first VR games coming out is The Gallery from Cloudhead Games, where players walk around strange worlds and solve puzzles.
“I usually start off by telling people that this generation of VR hardware is more like the first generation holodeck,” said Denny Unger, Creative Director of Cloudhead. “The problem then becomes proving to them just how apt that description is and the only way to do that is to get them in a headset, in a walking volume and with hand controls.”
The first VR headsets will have screens with resolution similar to HD televisions, but soon there will be greater resolution, bringing even greater details.
VR requires high technical requirements, meaning some older computer technologies aren’t up to snuff. For the first versions to work with Oculus Rift, computers need the following:
Industry experts expect that within the next few years, the screens will jump from HD quality to 4K or even 8K display capabilities, and this will require ample computing performance to work smoothly.
Some headsets take immersion further by using external sensors like a camera to track how the player’s body moves. Now, wearers can duck to see what is on the floor or lean out a car window to watch the scenery.
The sensor also tracks an area of a room, so players can even walk around a room and the image reacts like they are walking in the virtual world.
The software to make VR images believable is tricky, according to Unger. It requires a distortion of the images so the lenses can fit the visuals in front of the eye properly. It has to present the image smoothly, so the moving graphics aren’t jerky and don’t make people dizzy.
“Some call it ‘presence,’ the sense that what you’re seeing has tangibility even if it’s clearly not real. This is difficult to describe but is immediately apparent.”
Some products will also track players’ hands with a sensor, putting virtual objects in your grasp and control.
Players travel around a world, but now, they are actually walking around a scene, leaning around the puzzles and using Vive’s motion controls to handle the objects involved.
Pallister compares this to the visual information provided by a game or movie on a computer monitor.
“They say, ‘We will do our best to tell a story, but you have to suspend your disbelief,” said Pallister.
“With VR, they say, ‘What are the things that cause people to realize they are not really in that environment? Let us try to fool those senses, one by one, until they can no longer tell.’”
Like the evolution of most successful consumer electronics, VR advance with new features and capabilities. Eventually things like tracking eye movement, facial expressions and even lip movement will be common, according to Unger.
Virtual worlds will be presented more realistically, and players will be more accurately represented in them. Such fidelity will bring more compelling experiences, and like cellphones, adoption will become more widespread.
“‘Good VR’ is undeniably compelling and consumers from a broad cross section will have a high appetite for it,” Unger said.
“The applications are so far reaching that it’s clear this medium will dominate in entertainment, education, training, travel, research and socialization. It’s one of those technologies that will have a profound impact on our lives.”
As 360-degree video goes mainstream, this DYI tinkerer offers tips as he finds ways to use the immersive technology for live events like CES 2016.
In just five months, Khoi Nguyen took his curiosity to the cutting edge of 360-degree video making, a fledgling trend poised to become pervasive in 2016. Rather a digital video camera or smartphone, he’s using new technology that allows him to synchronize many cameras to capture everything in front, back, up, down and all sides of the camera.
Nguyen is already moving beyond making 360-degree “spherical” videos to forging a path for others interested in using this immersive technique to cover live events like debates or sports matches.
It requires as many as a dozen — or more — interlocking cameras, a powerful laptop computer, extremely fast data transfer technology, an internet server and lots of trial an error.
“My dream is that one day the capability can fit in the palm of your hand, so people can use their phone to live video chat while the other person controls the 360-degree camera perspective,” said Nguyen, a technical marketing engineer at Intel.
He admits it remains a far-fetched dream today, but nonetheless he’s pushing the limits of technology to make it happen. He believes 2016 will bring a proliferation of ideas, tips, and tools that will attract more filmmakers into this technically challenging medium.
Nguyen was on site to help Intel capture dance and musical performances inside the Intel booth at CES 2016, including pop singer Noe Neal.
To demonstrate 360 video could be shared live, he connected his camera rig to a laptop powered by 6th Generation Intel Core i7 quad core processor, which captured and fed video to a VR headset and a variety of mobile devices.
Many 360-degree video makers like Nguyen and the tightrope walking Flying Frenchies rely on ingenuity, existing tech and sheer willpower, but they also seek help from the growing online community that constantly shares new knowledge.
Nguyen, an amateur video maker, wanted to find innovative ways to push new PC technologies to their limits. After learning about stitching together 4K quality footage captured simultaneously from several to a dozen or more cameras, he knew he wanted to take 360-degree video making for a spin.
Since then, he has fallen deep into the details of 360-degree video creation, with a growing passion for the art and technology. He pays it forward by sharing tips for creating 360-degree videos with others.
“I geek out on this stuff,” said Nguyen. “When I explain how it works, people don’t really get it until I pull out my Google Cardboard, put in my smartphone and show them the video I made of my daughter at the playground.”
What makes these video unique is their ability to be controlled by viewers, who can change perspective by touching the left or right side of a tablet or computer screen, moving a handheld or Google Cardboard mounted smartphone left, right, up or down or just by moving their heads while wearing a VR headset. It makes viewers feel like they’re standing in the location of the camera, with the ability to look all around.
Major media players like The New York Times and Wall Street Journal took subscribers into the 360-degree video world this year with behind-the-scenes looks at a street artist and a ballerina at Lincoln Center.
More than 30,000 of these videos by professional and amateur videos are available on YouTube already, and now people can see them on Facebook.
For CCS Insight technology analyst Ben Wood, 360-degree video experiences seemed to come out of nowhere this year and now are everywhere.
“I see 2016 as a watershed year in terms of awareness of these virtual reality experiences,” said Wood.
He expects to see it used extensively by the media and entertainment industries, but also by travel, real estate and other businesses that want to emotionally entice customers with immersive experiences.
“It’s the first technology that I’ve ever seen that’s had such dramatic impact on people after they see it for the first time,” said Wood. “It absolutely blows people’s minds and now it’s utterly accessible.”
Wood expects to see lots of new high-end, professional and prosumer 360-degree video gear, as well as lower cost, simple-to-use gear for consumers at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show.
For the new wave of creators making these videos, there’s a growing collection of software, production knowledge and tricks.
“We showed how to create these type of 360-degree videos using the stitching software called Kolor AutoPano,” said Nguyen. At that time, Intel was working with Kolor to optimize the software to run on Intel Iris Pro integrated graphics on 5th Generation Intel Core processors.
In November, Nguyen updated his equipment so he could capture footage of the Intel Extreme Masters gaming competition in San Jose. He upgraded to six GoPro Hero4 cameras and a rig from Freedom360.
“I had more experience this time,” said Nguyen “I knew how to configure each of the GoPro cameras, and how to do Motion Synchronization instead of Audio Synchronization. I learned how the cameras capture everything, so this helped me place the camera rig in the right spots to get the best shots. I also used better tripods.”
To prepare for the Consumer Electronics Show in January 2016, Nguyen made his own 360-degree camera rig using a free, open-source 3D-printable design.
“It’s something anyone can do,” he said. “They just have to find the right design they like and a 3D printer.”
While he’s moving into the next frontier of live 360-degree video, Nguyen finds time to share insights along the way. He recently met with Christopher Coppola’s students at San Francisco State University, as they prepared for a 360-degree video they were creating to compete in the PAH Fest 2015.
Nguyen shared with students what he has learned in the past six months from building and using his three camera rigs.
“One of the first things you have to do as a 360-degree camera operator is to get yourself out of the shot,” he said. “Everything is in the shot, including the mess in the background, the gaffer tape and the lighting equipment.”
He said the camera doesn’t pan, it actually captures everything, so strategic placement and stabilization is essential.
“You have to avoid ‘micromovements’ or it’s difficult to stitch together footage from multiple synchronized cameras,” he said.
“Shoot at least four or five feet away from subjects or else there will be distortion,” he said. “Also, film at an average height of a human to give best viewing experience.”
Since there are multiple cameras, directors and producers need to keep actors away from stitch lines, where the camera views overlap, or else the actors will get cut.
“Post production relies on sorting through footage from multiple cameras,” said Nguyen. “Place a premium on your organization early on for success through the stitching and editing process.”
He explained that the standard projection of 360-degree videos is “equirectangular,” and output should be 2:1 ratio. Rather than seeing a flat map of the earth, the earth gets mapped into a sphere using orthogonal coordinates.
“Because of the 2:1 ratio aspect, a 4K quality 360 video has a resolution of 3840 x 1920,” said Nguyen. “By contrast, a 16:9 ratio, which is standard HDTV, 4K quality 360 video resolution is 3840 x 2160.”
To give a sense for what the final file size is like for a 360-degree video, Nguyen pointed to the 43-second video of his daughter playing in the park, which was created with 4K quality cameras. That compressed mp4 file is 157MB. This equirectangular video needs to be played back using a 360 video player app like Kolor Eyes, VideoStitch player, YouTube or on Facebook.
While it’s exciting to see watch his videos, Nguyen is getting an even bigger thrill out of making them.
“I get more fascinated the deeper I get into the emotional wonders and technical challenges of the medium,” he said.

After a miserable year of health problems, I am back and pleased to announce that The Word and the Sword will be carrying on. Here is the cover for book four, The Black Tree. The covers for books 1-3 will also be updated, as well as a new cover for the Omnibus edition with all three of the first novels in them!
The Black Tree will be released as an ebook in the next two weeks or so, and in paperback after that.

'Unintelligible Voices' is the next creative offering of mind-alteringly original ideas from Studio Wormbone. These sonic artworks began as verbal communication but have been obsessively warped, effected, and deconstructed to the extreme. As such they no longer contain a message, but they do still express feeling. What remains is pure abstract emotion in abundance - exactly what music needs!
To describe this soundset another way, the information in what used to be the comprehensible verbiage of dialogue has been stripped away through the craft of tastefully intense signal processing. What's left is the tonal character of what was said, but it is presented in entirely new and modernly fresh musical textures.
An alternate title for this collection could have been 'Vox Inhumana' because the vocal content herein has been pushed well past the point of being natural. It still has it's organic phrasing and inflection, and is unmistakably derived from speech. However the words themselves might as well be a language from another planet!
You can import these files into a track to satisfy the audience's expectation to hear a singer. However, you'll be doing it with more style and technological wizardry than any vocalist could possibly imagine! With Unintelligible Voices it's no longer necessary to limit your music with lyrics. These sounds are tailor designed to gratify the higher thinking frontal lobes of the listening brain.
Listen to some of these ideas in the Unintelligible Voices demo song where the altered voices are mixed into a musical context with electro percussion and synth lines from other Studio Wormbone sound packs.
Squeezing, slicing, multiplying, flipping, saturating, straining, and all out mangling have been applied to these voices in an environment of loving abuse to present the most wickedly killer assortment of assets for your next audio production. All of them are calibrated with precision to make your next project inventive, far sighted, and mind-blisteringly innovative.
Formats provided are WAV/AIF in 24bit/44.1khz resolution, and are of course royalty free. Every sample has been professionally recorded, edited, and mastered with the utmost care, is usable with every major audio software program (Pro Tools, Logic, Cubase, Sonar, FL Studio, Acid, Garageband, Ableton Live) and is compatible cross platform with either Mac or PC.
All of these sounds maintain the glossy refinement of Studio Wormbone’s hyperproduction tools and techniques. All of them are calibrated with precision to make your next production inventive, far sighted, and mind-blisteringly innovative.
Studio Wormbone is a compact and efficient state-of-the-art recording and production facility located in a quiet forest setting just outside the Emerald City of Seattle Washington, USA. Owned and managed by sound designer/producer Trevor Dutton, it’s resources specialize in all aspects of electronic music and cutting edge audio production.
Sali boti is a Parsi mutton curry with prominent flavours of tomatoes, onions, jaggery and vinegar. It is finished with fried potato sticks.Ingredients Of Sali Boti (Parsi Meat Dish) For boti: 1 kg mutton (wash and cut into very small. Continue reading


Has anyone else run into a situation where FCKEditor automatically jumps to the top of the editor frame/window when using IE8? For some reason when I'm working within the editor on a long page (that requires scrolling) it will automatically jump up to the top every 2 seconds or so.
Has anyone successfully integrated FCKeditor into an openLaszlo app? Seems like, since this editor can be integrated using javascript and openLaszlo uses same, this should be possible.
The bureaucracy is there to FACILITATE the will of the duly elected government. To SERVE the people.
They sometimes forget that. Unchecked power and unaccountability can have a corrupting influence on people in that way.
Gutting departments is ONE way to remind a department that thy are not hired to push their own agenda. Or run obstruction.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is reportedly poised to cut 2,300 diplomatic and civil servant positions from his agency.
The cuts represent about 9 percent of the agency’s workforce and comes as Tillerson looks to fulfill President Trump’s promise to reduce federal spending. The president signed an executive order last month aimed at making government “less wasteful.”
About 1,700 of the jobs on the chopping block will be cut through attrition, while 600 others would be done through buyouts, Bloomberg News reported Friday. The cuts would occur over the next two years. Senior managers at the State Department were briefed on the plan Wednesday. -Read more:
We’re guessing that anyone that wasn’t cleaned out from the firing of that infamous ‘7th Floor’ Clinton ‘Shadow Government’ will be included in this round.
We can finally have our leaders get on with RUNNING the country, instead of dealing with highly-placed Democrat hacks running interference.

Here are links to the previous issues of Point Lookout that touch on Problem Solving and Creativity. Bookmark this page. Or browse the Point Lookout archive by date. Subscribe now.
When we find ourselves at a loss for finding a good path forward, and we feel overwhelmed by events, support can make things easier. But seeking support is difficult for some. Why is that?
The quality of the output of brainstorming sessions is notoriously variable. One source of variation is the enthusiasm of contributors. Here's Part I of a set of nine phenomena that can limit contributions to brainstorm sessions.
When we assign responsibility for troubles that bedevil us, we often make mistakes. We can be misled by language, stereotypes, and the assumptions we make about others.
When assessing the validity of problem solutions, we regard them as more valid if their discovery stories are logical, than we would if they're other than logical. This can lead to erroneous assessments, because the discovery story is not the solution.
Time can be a tool. Letting time pass can be a strategy for resolving problems or getting out of tight places. Waiting is an often-overlooked strategic option.
In this Part II of our look at solving hard problems, we continue developing properties of the solution, and look at how we get from the beginning to the end.
Hard problems need not be big problems. Even when they're small, they can halt progress on any project. Here's Part I of an approach to working on hard problems by breaking them down into smaller steps.
When solving problems creates new problems, or creates problems elsewhere, we say that problem displacement has occurred. Sometimes it's intentional.
The term problem displacement describes situations in which solving one problem creates another. It sometimes leads to incurring technical debt. How? What can we do about it?
Problem solving is sometimes difficult when our biases interfere with generating candidate solutions, or with evaluating candidates we already have. Here are some suggestions for dealing with these biases.
We can classify contributions to discussions according to the likelihood that they stimulate new thought. The more open they are, the more they stimulate new thought. How can we encourage open contributions?
Although virtual team members who happen to be co-located do meet from time to time, meetings of people who reside at different sites are often severely restricted by tight or non-existent travel budgets. Such restrictions, intended to save money, can contribute to expensive delays and errors.
When virtual teams must brainstorm, they try to do so virtually. But brainstorming isn't just another meeting. There's a real risk that virtual brainstorms might produce inadequate results. Here's Part II of some suggestions for reducing the risk.
When we need to brainstorm, meeting virtually carries a risk that our results might be problematic. Here's Part I of some steps to take to reduce the risk.
When complex systems misbehave, repairs can require deep thought, inspiration, and careful reasoning. Here are guidelines for a systematic approach to repairing complex systems.
When complex systems misbehave, a common urge is to find any way at all to end the misbehavior. Succumbing to that urge can be a big mistake. Here's why we succumb.
When solving a problem is beyond us, we turn to experts, but sometimes we turn to the wrong experts. That can make the problem even worse. Why? How does this happen? What can we do about it?
When we're beset by seemingly unresolvable problems, we sometimes conclude that "wishful thinking" was the cause. Wishful thinking can result from errors in assessing the significance of our observations. Here's a second group of causes of erroneous assessment of significance.
When things don't work out, and we investigate why, we sometimes attribute our misfortune to "wishful thinking." In this part of our exploration of wishful thinking we examine how we arrive at mistaken assessments of the significance of what we see, hear, or learn.
At times, groups can become so embroiled in destructive conflict that conventional conflict resolution becomes ineffective. How does this happen? What can we do about it?
Continuing our exploration of causes of wishful thinking and what we can do about it, here's Part II of a little catalog of ways our preferences and wishes affect our perceptions.
How we see the world defines our experience of it, because our perception is our reality. But how we see the world isn't necessarily how the world is.
When things go wrong, and we look back at how we got there, we must sometimes admit to wishful thinking. Here's a framework for managing the risk of wishful thinking.
Project risk management strategies are numerous, but these ten strategies are among the most common. Here are the last three of the ten strategies in this little catalog.
Creative thinking at work can be nurtured or encouraged, but not forced or compelled. Leaders who try to compel creativity because of very real financial and schedule pressures rarely get the results they seek. Here are examples of tactics people use in mostly-futile attempts to compel creativity.
Much of the work of modern organizations requires creative thinking. But financial and schedule pressures can cause us to adopt processes that unexpectedly and paradoxically suppress creativity, thereby increasing costs and stretching schedules. What are the properties of effective approaches?
Design errors can cause unwanted outcomes, but they can also lead to welcome surprises. The causes of many design errors are fundamental attributes of the way groups function. Here is Part II of our exploration.
Design errors cause losses, lost opportunities, accidents, and injuries. Not all design errors are one-offs, because their causes can be fundamental. Here's a first installment of an exploration of some fundamental causes of design errors.
Most job descriptions contain few references to political effectiveness, beyond the fairly standard collaborate-to-achieve-results kinds of requirements. But because true achievement often requires political sophistication, understanding the political content of our jobs is important.
Structures of all kinds — organizations, domains of knowledge, cities, whatever — are both enabling and limiting. To gain more of the benefits of structure, while avoiding their limits, it helps to understand this paradox and learn to recognize its effects.
In group decision-making, tension sometimes develops between those who favor commitment to the opportunity at hand, and those who repeatedly ask, "If we do that, how will we do it?" Why does this happen?
In collaborative problem solving, teams sometimes perform experiments to help choose a solution. These experiments sometimes lead to trouble. What are the troubles and how can we avoid them?
When groups work together to solve problems, they eventually evaluate the ideas they generate. They sometimes reject perfectly good ideas, while accepting some really boneheaded ones. How can we judge new ideas more effectively?
When groups work together to solve problems, they employ three processes repeatedly: they generate ideas, they judge those ideas, and they experiment with those ideas. We first examine idea generation.
The nastiest part about solving complex problems isn't their complexity. It's the feeling of being overwhelmed when we realize we haven't a clue about how to get from where we are to where we need to be. Here's one way to get a clue.
When teams solve problems together, discussions of proposed solutions usually focus on combinations of what the solution will do, how much it will cost, how long it will take, and much more. Disentangling these threads can make discussions much more effective.
When the approach you've been using fails, how do you go about devising Plan B? Or Plan C? Here are some ways to find new approaches by examining failures.
Group problem solving is a common purpose of meetings. Although much group problem solving is constructive, some patterns are useless or worse. Here are some of the more popular ways to engage in problem not-solving.
When project plans contact reality, things tend to get, um, a bit confused. We can sometimes see the trouble coming in time to replan thoughtfully — if we're nearly clairvoyant. Usually, we have to improvise. How a group improvises tells us much about the group.
Project plans are useful — to a point. Every plan I've ever seen eventually has problems when it contacts reality. At that point, we replan or improvise. But improvisation is an art form. Here's Part I of a set of tips for mastering project improvisation.
Incremental problem solving is fashionable these days. Whether called evolutionary, incremental, or iterative, the approach entails unique risks. Managing those risks sometimes requires counterintuitive action.
For many teams, conflict is uncomfortable or threatening. It's so unpleasant so often that many believe that all conflict is bad — that it must be avoided, stifled, or at least managed. This is a myth. Conflict, in its constructive forms, is essential to high performance.
Many outstanding advances are due to those who broke rules to get things done. And some of those who break rules get fired or disciplined. When is rule breaking a useful tactic?
When you find yourself in a tough spot politically, what can you do? Most of us obsess about the situation for a while, and then if we still have time to act, we do what seems best. Here's Part II of a set of approaches that can organize your thinking and shorten the obsessing.
When you find yourself in a tough spot politically, what can you do? Most of us obsess about the situation for a while, and then if we still have time to act, we do what seems best. Here's Part I of a set of approaches that can organize your thinking and shorten the obsessing.
When we suddenly realize that what we've believed is wrong, or that what we've been doing won't work, our fear and discomfort can cause us to persevere in our illusions. If we can get better at accepting reality and dealing with it, we can make faster progress toward real achievement.
Project status reports rarely acknowledge negative progress until after it becomes undeniable. But projects do sometimes move backwards, outside of our awareness. What are the warning signs that negative progress might be underway?
In emergencies, group problem solving is unusually challenging, especially if lives, careers, or companies depend on finding a solution immediately. Here are some tips for members of teams that are solving problems in emergencies.
A new year has begun, and I'm contemplating beginnings. Beginnings can inspire, and sometimes lead to letdown when our hopes or expectations aren't met. How can we handle beginnings more powerfully?
When your current approach isn't working, you can scrap whatever you're doing and start again — if you have enough time and money. There's a less radical solution, and if it works, it's usually both cheaper and faster.
How we cope with problems is a choice. When we choose our coping style, we help determine our ability to address the problems we face. Of eight styles we can identify, only one is universally constructive, and we rarely use it.
Working on complex projects, we often face a choice between "just do it" and "wait, let's think this through first." Choosing to just do it can seem to be the shortest path to the goal, but it rarely is. It's an example of a Finger Puzzle.
When you have several options, and all seem politically risky, what can you do? Here are two guidelines to finding your way to a good outcome.
To solve problems, we change existing policies or processes, or we create new ones. We try to make things better and sometimes we actually succeed. More often, we create new problems — typically, for someone else.
So buried in email that you don't even have time to delete your spam? Learn how to make peace with your inbox.

London’s Hayward Gallery’s year-end offsite video show, The Infinite Mix, was a fitting farewell to 2016. With its blur of found and staged images, entertainment and contemplation, the exhibition set a foundation for a new year where concepts like “post-fact” already enjoy regular circulation. The only characteristic linking the videos together was their use of image and sound, which owed much to the online mash-up. In this way the show seemed possible only after YouTube, whose advent, along with social media, has created a panoply of competing voices and perspectives. This discursive cacophony is reflected by the pop-up gallery location itself—a Brutalist building undergoing renovation located on the iconic “Strand.” Nestled amidst naked drywall and metal beams, the videos spread over three floors as well as to the musty dank of the parking garage. One often encountered the works unexpectedly, at times jarringly, creating an atmosphere of discovery and confusion, as well as entertainment.
Of the ten videos, two acted as bookends to this wide-ranging show. The first, and perhaps the highlight, was Ugo Rondinone’s THANX 4 NOTHING, an immersive installation featuring iconic beat poet John Giorno reciting a poem written on his 70th birthday. Four projections surround ­the viewer with countless televisions lining the borders of the room. On every screen Giorno is pictured from a different angle. The abrupt cutting keeps pace with Giorno’s characteristic spoken word style while the David Lynch-like music creates an ominous soundscape. Giorno performs barefoot in a tuxedo—sometimes black, sometimes white—and is theatrically spotlit against an opaque background. The pristine theatricality, coupled with the poem’s content, makes the piece seem like an eulogy. Unintentionally, it also feels like a valediction to the world of 2016, a time before the US Trump presidency and its looming aftermath. “America, thanks for the neglect,” proclaims Giorno, “...thanx 4 nothing.”
Where Rondinone struck an elegant balance using John Giorno’s cheeky wit to oscillate between meaning and the lack thereof, the other works tipped into provocative territory that sometimes seemed voyeuristic and superficial. The work that moved furthest in that direction was Cameron Jamie’s Massage the History, a surreal combination of found footage and performance documenting an Alabama sub-culture of male erotic living room dancing. Jamie is known for exploring fringe rituals of suburban American culture. This particular video felt disconcertingly voyeuristic not only for the blandly proper suburban interiors, which felt obscenely exposed, but because the culture was exclusively black. Set to the Sonic Youth song of the same title, young African-American men grind their groins into plush wall-to-wall carpeting, caress the curved surfaces of living room furniture and rhythmically thrust their pelvises around a Christmas tree. Tropes of propriety and respect are mixed with bizarrely insular eroticism.
In between these two poles is a work by British artist Jeremy Deller and Paris-based Argentinean choreographer Cecilia Bengolea. Their collaboration functions as a counterpoint to Jamie’s work. Instead of grinding men we are presented with a typical view of twerking women, though also with a surreal twist. Bom Bom’s Dream documents the participation of a Japanese woman, Bom Bom, in a Jamaican dancehall scene. Coupled with kitschy dream sequences depicting, amongst other things, Bom Bom being eaten by a giant talking iguana, the video shows the dancer (who in Japan works as a children’s book illustrator) performing acrobatic feats alongside Jamaican women. And though I later learned that the choreographer Bengolea met Bom Bom through her own participation in dancehall, I nevertheless felt that the culture was presented to me, a European, as a surreal, exotic and even downright weird spectacle. Although Deller describes in an online interview the surprising lack of misogyny in a dance culture that focuses almost solely on a woman’s behind, the camera’s eye, with its intermittent CGI animations, bordered on mockery.
For Deller and Bengolea, the exotifying effects of the European gaze have already functioned as a point of convergence. Their 2015 collaboration Rythmass Poetry depicted an older rich French man narrating a self-mocking dialogue as he swims in his pool, watches the Tour de France on television and observes black women, dressed for the dancehall, twist and twerk on his lush green property. At the end of the video one of the women places a cover on his pool while he is still swimming. It is unclear to me whether Bom Bom’s Dream had a similar point of contrast or whether it simply indulged in wholesale fun and curiosity.
In contrast, Rondinone’s work emanated a sense of intimacy—Giorno is his lover as well as an iconic part of the artistic tradition in which he engages. The other two works presented non-European cultures, perhaps often marginalized cultures, as mesmerizing spectacles. As such, intimacy and ownership of a particular tradition played no role. Jamie’s use of an art-punk soundtrack distanced the images with a sense of cool, perhaps all-too-cool, irony. Further research online did nothing to dislodge this impression. An interview with Jamie revealed that he discovered this sub-culture as he searched YouTube for gang member self-documentation. He became immediately fascinated. Later I came across enthusiastic reviews of Massage the History from Harmony Korine, whose film Trash Humpers superficially parallels Jamie’s work and, in the light of this comparison, also detracts from it.
Like Jamie’s research, my Google search became an immersion into the infinite mix of YouTube recommendations, which eventually proposed the latest in home vomiting videos. During the process I felt the same as when viewing Massage the History: a titillating sense of embarrassment for sitting alone and watching people perform private acts, even though they knowingly uploaded them online. As I continued to watch related videos, I saw recordings that could have just as easily found their way into The Infinite Mix had they had the support of a major gallery or if the recommendation algorithm was commissioned as curator.
In the end, I am left with questions about what I saw, though not questions that the artworks necessarily raised. I cannot decide if Rondinone’s work leaves artistic values safely intact, while Jamie subverts them. Or perhaps the latter work eroticises the subject at a voyeuristic remove—and through the gallery structure legitimises this gaze—while the former intimately engages its artistic foundation. Similarly, I don’t know if following Bom Bom’s “fantastic adventures,” as the advert describes, is only more interesting than YouTube dancehall videos by virtue of the Japanese dancer’s well-cultivated slapstick appeal, or does it perhaps show us a fantastical case of cross-cultural pollination. The ambiguity left by these works, and their relation to each other, may very well be their strength. Though softened by their entertaining appeal, the works begged the question of how we can position ourselves in relation to our culture, as well as the cultures of others. As for the exhibition as a whole, it had an addictive quality not dissimilar from browsing the internet—pathos juxtaposed with farce, the same way cat videos find their way beside the latest terror attack—leaving me to feel simultaneously overwhelmed and strangely undernourished.

Recently in another post I described an onboard camera I use to record my driving for evidence/corrupt police purposes, and self defense in court. It has proven utterly critical in my defense in several cases. Well someone just pm'd me asking what I use, so i figure I'd share it with everyone.
seems pretty cool , a camera for a car. I can understand what situations this may be of great benefit

This entry was posted in Walt Whitman and tagged 1884, best poem, Election Day, favourite poem, November, poem, Walt Whitman by roynir. Bookmark the permalink.	
While she couldn’t be happier now, life was not always so kind to beautiful Persia. When she was born in 2004, her mother wouldn’t allow her to nurse and so she was she written off as a lost cause by the farmer who “owned” her. Refusing to give the little sheep the care that she needed, the farmer planned to let her die or take her to slaughter. Thankfully, Persia was rescued by a kind animal control officer in the nick of time and brought to our California Shelter instead. As she grew, Persia (named for talented actress and dedicated Farm Sanctuary supporter Persia White) charmed everyone with her upbeat attitude and became a favorite amongst staff and visitors alike! Now about six years old, she truly knows how to squeeze every last drop of joy out of life and spends most of her time exploring, napping in piles of straw, and basking in the sun. In this stunning portrait, Persia reaches the crest of a hill in her pasture, looking as though she were on top of the world.
While we think all of the animals who live here at the New York Shelter are adorable, Angelo the lamb took “cute” to a whole new level! Full of bouncy excitement, Angelo charmed everyone he crossed paths with and became quite the celebrity both at the shelter and online. A video we made about him has been one of our most popular, viewed nearly 60,000 times, and was even featured on Cute Overload back in March. However, his life was not always filled with so much love and so many adoring fans.
It is likely that little Angelo and his sibling were born on the back of a truck transporting sheep to a live market and slaughterhouse in Yonkers, New York. When the truck began unloading, the newborn was nearly trampled to death before a local Yonkers woman, Cindy Rexhaj, pulled him out of the panicked herd and took him home. Unfortunately, Rexhaj was unable to save his sibling, who was already dead when she arrived. Rexhaj took the best care of Angelo that she could, but ultimately, called Farm Sanctuary for help. Soon, Angelo found a temporary new home at our Watkins Glen shelter, where we gave him medical attention and helped him blossom into a joyful ball of energy.
As our shelter became more and more full, we began looking for a new home for Angelo through our Farm Animal Adoption Network (FAAN). FAAN is our national farm animal rescue and refuge project which allows us to find safe, permanent, loving homes for animals in need. Angelo, who we knew would be a great candidate for adoption, has since become one of the more than 3,000 animals who have benefited from this project since 1986. On November 4, 2009, Angelo, now renamed William after William Shakespeare, was adopted along with his very close friend Michael, now renamed Daniel as in Daniel Defoe, and two turkey hens by Bob and Leslie Nason of Williamston, Michigan. The Nasons have been adopting farm animals though FAAN and providing them with a fantastic home since 1996.
We recently sent Bob and Leslie a series of questions to answer so they could update us on how William has been adjusting to his new life. Since he was such a fan favorite, I thought you would like to see what they had to say!
A: William now has had his first shearing and is a bouncy, friendly member of our pack of five sheep. He starts the day by greeting me at the door to the sheep pen with lots of bahs. He is anxious for a fleck of hay which is divided into three mangers. He wants some rubs on his chest and back. The gate to the sheep pasture is opened and usually all the sheep head out to the new luscious grass. At lunchtime, they all come in for carrot snacks from Leslie and then back to the pasture. At dusk all come back to their enclosed pen for more hay and the night. More rubs are requested and granted.
A: Of course, eating, getting rubs, greeting any new stranger or old friend with enthusiasm, and running with the pack, especially his soul mate, Daniel.
A: He loves everyone and his four other sheep companions. He runs, butts, and generally seems full of himself.
A: To know that William could have ended up like the other new lamb on the transport, trampled, yet somehow through the caring of many has made it to robustness in life is a daily reminder of both good and evil in humankind.
If you too have fallen in love with William and want to receive regular updates about his new life, you can become a fan of his on Facebook. If you’d like to learn more about William’s amazing rescue, you can read his story here.
Abandoned and left to languish in neglect inside a dark, cold and filthy barn at a “free-range” sheep farm, Daniel’s mother Katrine was starving and in late term pregnancy when Farm Sanctuary came to her aid in 2008. Due to her poor health, Katrine’s pregnancy was high risk, but with lots of care and attention from our caregivers, she safely gave birth to a beautiful baby boy. Daniel may be all grown up now, but he is still cute as a button and the apple of his mother’s eye.
Love this photo? It could be yours! Brought to you by popular demand, we are now offering framed prints, and lots of other fun stuff featuring our incredible animal residents, at our new Farm Sanctuary Café Press Store. Start your very own collection of animal-friendly art today!
It’s a common misperception that mother animals lose interest in their young after a certain age. Animals form close bonds with their kin just like we do, and experience anxiety when they’re separated from their loved ones. While some grow independent and blaze their own trails, many of our residents stay close to their moms into adulthood. Time and again, we’ve witnessed right here at the sanctuary just how strong maternal bonds can be.
When Farm Sanctuary responded to a case of extreme neglect in Butler County, PA in 2004, Celeste and her newborn daughter came to live at our New York Shelter. Each time her mother received healthcare, Juliet would worry and immediately dive underneath Celeste to nurse. Though she’s older now, Juliet hasn’t outgrown this urge, and still seeks comfort from her mother after any emotional event occurs. And Celeste looks after her daughter too. Once, when Juliet underwent basic healthcare, Celeste completely dismantled a gate just to get to her. Nothing can keep these two apart.
Bertha, another cow from the same rescue, gave birth shortly after arriving at the sanctuary. Sadly, she was unable to nurse the baby because she had a very painful case of mastitis. Due to Bertha’s condition, we had to bottle-feed her daughter Robin and separate the two to give the new mom a chance to undergo vital treatments. Once Bertha’s health improved, the two were reacquainted. The new mother, now free of pain, greeted Robin with love and, to our surprise, started to nurse her right away! From that day on, the two stuck together through thick and thin. In fact, when Bertha was diagnosed with cancer years later and transported to the Cornell University Hospital for Animals for treatment, she refused to eat and bellowed incessantly until she and Robin were reunited. During the rest of Bertha’s days, Robin kept her from giving up, and always stayed by her side.
In 2008, we welcomed another large group of mothers to the shelter when we rescued 14 sheep in late term pregnancy from Red Barn Farm in Canaan, NY, where dozens of animals had been locked in a dark, manure-packed barn and left to starve. When one of the sheep, Alex, was given her first health check, we discovered that she had no teeth. No one suspected that this elderly ewe was about to become a mom! When we discovered that Alex had lung abscesses, we were concerned that her growing baby wouldn't be able to get enough oxygen, and put her under special care at Cornell until her baby was born. Due to her age and physical condition, Alex could not produce milk. Though caregivers bottle-fed her daughter Dinah, the little lamb still went through the motions of nursing for comfort and formed a close bond with her mother nonetheless. To this day, they can still be seen lying together in the barn.
And large animals aren’t the only ones who love their babies. In 2007, we gave refuge to a family of wild jungle fowl rescued from a cock fighting ring in New York City. Whoever coined the phrase “mother hen” must have had June, the mama chicken, in mind. When they were little, June’s chicks would ride on her back, and when anyone approached, they'd run for cover, with only their heads poking out from beneath her feathers. All grown up now, Flutter, one of June's kids, is the spitting image of her mom. Though she and her sister Velvet are laying eggs of their own, the whole family still piles into one nest box at night, with June roosting on top. One of June’s sons also still lets his mom clean him, and is never far from her side.
These loving families are lucky; separated early on, most farm animals never get to experience a life-long bond with their mothers. This Mother’s Day, honor mothers like June, Alex, Bertha, and Celeste by sponsoring a farm animal in need.
With the concept of dipping cake pops in candy melts, same color tune is applied on the whole sketchbook. The Candy Pops series share the same content as the classic Fashionary to make sure fashion designers enjoy the handy information and at the same time the convenience of sketching in lightning speed.
With the Fashionary figure templates, designers can start sketching the idea instantly without worrying about the body figure. The designs will be in the same proportion and well organised in one place.
In honor of Mr. Golden Balls's 37th birthday, here are approximately 37 photos of David Beckham doing various things in his underpants. You can't re
In honor of Mr. Golden Balls&apos;s 37th birthday, here are approximately 37 photos of David Beckham doing various things in his underpants. You can&apos;t really blame us for losing count, can you? Victoria, you&apos;re a very very very very (x37) lucky lady... Happy birthday, David!
When we found out that giant statues of David Beckham would be popping up around town as part of H&M's latest ad campaign for the soccer star's unde
Today is Victoria Beckham's 38th birthday. What better way to celebrate than with 38 of her signature piercing stares? Happy Birthday, Posh, girl yo
David Beckham might not be a real designer in the way that his wife has turned out to be--but you'll still be able to buy his clothes at H&M come fall, when his bodywear line (read: undies) launches. So in honor of Becks and his flawless bod (not to mention chiseled jaw line) joining the fashion fray, we decided to round up all the hotties designing right now. There are really some good looking men out there making clothes for ladies. We couldn't list them all, but here's a start. Take a look:
As Oscar Wilde once said, “Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.” When Gucci’s Alessandro Michele sent out a mink jacket for a Cruise collection show in Florence that was nearly a verbatim remake of Harlem’s iconic designer, Dapper Dan a.k.a. Daniel Day, the internet went wild with accusations of cultural appropriation. But the way Gucci and Michele saw it, the jacket was an homage to Dapper Dan’s original, which had been made for the Olympian Diane Dixon in 1989. “For me, we can talk about appropriation a lot,” Michele told The New York Times. “I didn’t put a caption on it because it was so clear. I wanted people to recognize Dapper on the catwalk. It wasn’t appropriation, it was a homage, to me.”
But out of controversy was born a beautiful new partnership in which Gucci has supported Dapper Dan in reopening his own Harlem Atelier. Twenty-five years after the closing of Day’s original boutique in 1992, Gucci has helped him reopen his iconic studio on Lenox Avenue in Harlem not far from his original location, which will be open on a “by appointment only” basis starting in January 2018. Day also hopes to employ some of his original tailors. Here Day will create one-of-a-kind custom pieces using Gucci’s raw materials, fabrics, prints, embroidered patches, and hardware. The 4,700-square-foot space in an historic brownstone with a grand high-ceilinged parlor floor was designed by A.B. Van Dusen for Edward Roberts in 1887. The space will feature European vintage furniture and accessories and a selection of Persian rugs, as well as archival photograph’s from Dapper Dan’s heyday. To celebrate the partnership, a Gucci x Dapper Dan capsule collection will be part of Gucci’s Fall 2018 collection, available in Gucci stores worldwide.
“Everyone paid homage to Dapper Dan, but no one ever paid him,” said Dapper Dan in a statement. “The people have spoken and Gucci has listened. Nothing has been more significant in the Harlem cultural scene than Alessandro and Gucci coming to Harlem and partnering with Dapper Dan.”
Here you'll find an installation manual for every FAAC gate operator. Still can't find what you need? Our trained professionals have years of experience with fences, gates, and gate operators. Call us at 1-800-878-7829 or email Sales@FastGateOpeners.com today!
John Wick, or Keanu Reeves Kills Everyone or Tonight We’re Going to Movie Like It’s 1999, is the story of what happens when you kill an ex-assassin’s dog. Turns out, it’s just about exactly as wise as you might think it is.
John Wick has everything that’s been missing from the action movies I’ve been watching for about 15 years now. Lots of action, head shots, blood and brains splattering faces and walls, violence, revenge, deaths, dog killing, Daniel “Not JCVD” Bernhardt, Marilyn Manson on the soundtrack… for better or worse, John Wick is a return to the mid-late 90s, and I for one welcome it.
The Raid 2 is writer/director Gareth Evans followup to his well received 2011 kung-fu killing spree, The Raid: Redemption. Iko Uwais returns to the role of Rama, who is sent to prison, undercover, in order to infiltrate a triad of mafia families and bring them down. Once again, the action scenes in The Raid 2 are fantastic, and everything else is just filler. The trouble this time around is that at 2 1/2 hours running time there’s just too damn much of that filler. Continue reading →
Wait… What? 2006? 2006!? There is no fucking way that this movie is almost 8 years old. Kids born the year this movie came out are not only in school, but they’re like in their 2nd or 3rd year. That is messed up. Time sure does fly.
Abraham Lincoln lived a remarkable life. He worked hard his whole life, freed America’s slaves, and re-united his country.
Oh… and he was also a bad-ass motherfucker who cut down hordes of Vampires with a silver-coated axe.
Every once in a while, a movie comes along where everything you need to know is in the title. Snakes on a Plane, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Aliens… every one of those movies tells you exactly what you’re going to see on screen. Maybe there’s something more, maybe there isn’t. But you know going in that you’re going to see some snakes on a plane, a chainsaw massacre located in Texas, and a shitload of fuckin’ aliens, man.
Metroid has been around for almost 27 years. The original game was released in Japan in 1986, and it got a North American release around the same time the next year.
The original game features a space bounty hunter in a high powered suit named Samus Aran. Samus has come to the planet Zebes to stop a group of Space Pirates from exploiting an alien species, Metroids, in a bid to rule the galaxy. The game was incredibly successful, influential and ground breaking. It’s exploratory gameplay was among the first of its kind. An incredibly eerie atmosphere, created by fantastic music, level and creature design marks it–arguably–as the invention of the Survival Horror genre of video games. It’s practically like playing a video game of Alien. And, of course, Samus Aran is the world’s first (recognized by Guinness Book of World Records) Playable Female Protagonist in a mainstream title, what’s more, is that the discovery of Samus’ gender comes as a surprise ending (Unless you know Justin Bailey…)
So, what happens almost 20 years later when you’ve created one of the most successful franchises of all time? That’s right, kids… it’s time for a remake/reboot combo. Enter: Zero Mission.
Mel and I just finished watching the pilot episode of AMC’s The Walking Dead. You might remember it from last fall, when it was one of the most successful and talked about new shows of the season. I think it was her 3rd viewing, and my 5th. It was also her first viewing since reading the trades. I’ve read all 14 that have been released, but Mel’s dragged her feet on reading volume 14. We’re working our way through the series again in preparation and excitement for the start of Season 2, on Oct. 16.
Fair warning: This shit is going to get spoilery. If you haven’t watched the whole first season, or read at least the first trade of the comic books, you may not want to read any further. And did I just use the term “after the jump”? Ugh… Someone slap me. Don’t ever let me do that again.
This show opens with a bang. Right from the get-go, the series is telling you, “Look, folks… this shit is serious, and we’re not fucking around. If you think you’re getting funny zombies, go watch Dead-Alive again.” One of my major concerns when I heard they were adapting TWD for TV was whether or not they’d have the balls to do what needs to be done. I’m pretty sure shooting a little girl in the head answers that question pretty fucking quick.
From there we jump into the opening credits. Mel is always particularly impressed by them. They do a great job of setting the tone. I agree. It feels very eerie. True Blood and Gane of Thrones might be the only better credit reels going these days.
Once the credits wrap we come to our first gripe of the season… The conversation between Shane and Rick in their squad car takes too fucking long. At least it does the first time you watch it. After seeing the whole series play out (and reading the comics) this scene becomes much more interesting than the first time you watch it. It lays a groundwork for the characters that is much needed. It also shows several ways that this story is going to be different from the comic. The only problem is it does it too slowly. Shane’s asshole diatribe isn’t quite interesting enough, and the scene really slows the pacing of the show down to a new viewer. The same pacing problem appears in other spots throughout the episode, but never quite as bad, and once it really picks up again after Rick and Morgan leave the police station it never really lets up.
Speaking of after the police station… I’m pretty sure there are several critics of directors like Zack Snyder that would love to show them the scene where Rick heads back to the zombie he found near the bicycle, or the hospital sequence. They are fantastic examples of how you can use a comic as a storyboard, and let your audience see each comic frame, without using bullet time effects, or otherwise stopping time. (The Zombiephiles has a neat article showing some side by side character comparisons.) Of course, the visual effects, zombie make up and acting are all fantastic. You can clearly see that everyone involved in this show really cares about making it as great as they can.
Another great aspect is how this episode somehow manages to simultaneously stick to the storyline of the source material, but play with it slightly to create some surprises even for the people who have read the comics. Every change made in this episode, particularly Rick and Lori’s rocky marriage and Shane and Lori clearly having more than just a grief-stricken one night stand, are all great, and really add to the tensions that should be coming later on.
Mel thought that, for the amount of time Morgan spent saying how attracted to sound the zombies are, and how much he beats himself up for firing his gun in the street, neither He nor Rick really seem to give that much of a shit about it. They both seem to take any and every opportunity to fire off a round into everything they can. This really bothered her, given that she not that long ago read Abraham’s (a character that comes much later in the comics) tirade on stationary camps and gunfire. It didn’t bother me that much… I guess I don’t mind it because early Rick is a dumbfuck when it comes to zombie common sense. And as far as Morgan goes, I kinda thought that TVs Morgan has given up by the time he starts his sniping spree.
Mel also really enjoyed re-watching the end of the episode. She said that even though she knew how it was going to turn out, it was still really tense. I don’t really feel the tension of the scene anymore… but I do still think Rick putting the gun to his head and noticing the hole in the tank is awesome. One of the best moments in the show, really. That whole scene is one of those new additions that really work for both the fans of the comics and the newcomers, I think.
I remember a lot of people who didn’t know any better shouting “Ripoff” when the show was first airing, over the fact that Rick wakes up alone in the hospital. Supposedly the scenes were written independently around the same time, like some kind of crazy zombie Calculus. I say, “Who gives a fuck?”. The idea of it goes back much further than 28DL. The Quiet Earth has an world ending scene involving a guy waking up to a deserted world too. Not to mention all the various forms “The Last Man on Earth” has taken on screen. Seeing a Ripoff Card played so quickly, and so poorly researched, drives me up the fucking wall.
Even after 5 viewings, this episode of the show is still strong enough to make both Mel and I excited to watch more of it. Great acting, great effects, great story and some of the best direction ever on the small screen. The Walking Dead‘s first episode is definitely some of the best stuff ever shown on television.
With the second season of AMC’s amazing The Walking Dead starting in just over a month, it’s finally time for Mel and I to sit back, relax and pace ourselves through a month of revisiting post-Zombie Apocalypse Georgia.
Sure, The Walking Dead‘s short but sweet first season may have wrapped up a while ago. Mel and I watched it, re-watched it, and I’ve watched it yet again since. But that was months ago.
As I recall… the series is fantastic in its own right. It’s true that die hard fans of the comic, like myself, have often been a bit disappointed in some of the turns that the series has taken; but I remember these twists and turns working (for the most part). Before Season 2 starts I also intend to re-read (at least) the first 3 trade paperbacks of the comic.
Watch this spot in the future, as I intend to post our different feelings on each episode as we revisit the misadventures of Rick Grimes yet again.
Conan The Barbarian was one of Arnold Schwarzenegger’s higher profile early roles. One of the first where they even let him use his own voice. It follows the story of a boy whose family gets killed by marauders. He gets sold into slavery and obviously, becomes a killing machine. Netflix Canada recently added this gem to their streaming service up here in the Great White North. (I wonder whatever could have that idea?) I saw this sitting there in the recently added section and realized that it was probably now, or never.
You see… I missed the Conan boat. Repeatedly. I was too young to watch it in ’83. By the time our family owned a VCR, our local video store had already sold its copy for someone’s “Home Video Library”. When I went to college, no one on the floor ever got drunk or stoned enough to suggest Conan The Barbarian. If any of us did… we probably would’ve just watched Army of Darkness or Black Belt Jones again, anyway.
Regardless, when I heard about the Conan movie, I didn’t really give a shit. Shortly after that, I saw this trailer:
So… that really made me want to see the new Conan. But being a Fat Guy With Glasses, I couldn’t very well allow myself to see the high-profile remake without watching the goddamn original. So, despite all the men in my family practically chomping at the bit to go… we still haven’t seen it, because I’m an asshole.
Why didn’t I watch this in the 80s? Or at University? I would have fucking loved this movie had I watched it then. The action sequences are simultaneously some of the best and worst in action movie history. The dramatic acting switches from bad to awful to shockingly great at the drop of a hat.
But since I’m not a kid, nor did I watch this in a cramped dorm room with 20 other people, I ended up having to really watch it. When this movie is good, it’s fucking brilliant. Great cinematography, great action, great acting. But when it’s not… it’s utter shit. Terribly slow pacing (arguably even for 1980s standards), awful action, awful acting.
There is some excellent cinematography in this film. The outdoor scenery is gorgeous, for a ravaged wasteland, anyway. There are about half a dozen truly great moments in this movie. The first comes almost instantly. Hearing Mako as the narrator was absolutely epic. It excited me for what was to come. The moments after the opening action scene are amazing. And the final two action scenes were also fantastic. It’s really too bad it drags so much in the middle. In the 80s the good would have far outweighed the bad. At Uni, I would have had a blast lambasting the bad. Either of those would have been good enough for me. If only I could trow open a portal in time.
Reviewing 18 month old games is fun and relevant! Just this Saturday I wrapped up a Zealot (Normal difficulty) playthrough of Dante’s Inferno. It’s an early 2010 release from Visceral Games and EA. Loosely (probably very loosely) inspired by The Divine Comedy, the player controls Dante, the Templar Knight, as he descends his way into Hell after killing Death and stealing his scythe, so that he can free the soul of Beatrice, the woman, he loves from Lucifer’s clutches.
So, since my darling daughter, Charlotte, has finally decided (a year and 4 months later) to spend a couple of hours straight sleeping in the evenings and nights, I have finally been able to return, somewhat regularly, to my nerdly pursuits. Things like movies, video games, toys that don’t squeak and that ilk have been almost unattainable for the last year.
But enough about that. I’d like to actually discuss a movie that I recently was able to watch. Source Code, starring Jake Gylynhall? Gyllynhalllahlllal? I’m going to have to open another tab, aren’t I? Jake Gyllenhaal. There. Was that so hard? Anyway, he stars in the movie.
< So, Source Code is a sci-fi, action version of Bill Murray’s Groundhog Day. This soldier wakes up in a strange place, as a strange person, and has to live out the last 8 minutes of this stranger’s life. So I guess you could also mention that there’s a dash of Quantum Leap thrown in the mix. Except there’s no Ziggy, and Al is a kinda hot, girl next door, soldier woman, instead of Dean Stockwell. They need to work together to find out the whys and hows of a train explosion that happened earlier that day, so that they can prevent another, worse explosion set to happen later that day. So, we can now probably add 24 to our checklist. So, as you can imagine, there’s a lot going on here. There’s also a lot of exploding. Every time this guy “goes back in” the train ends up exploding. Which is good.
Now, the plot takes several twists and turns. They are all predictable. I seriously doubt anyone will be surprised by any of the twists this plot takes. But that really didn’t ruin anything for me. I could see everything coming as clear as day, but I still enjoyed it. This can only mean one of 2 possible things. Either:
1) Fatherhood, and the trials involved therein, have made me less judgmental of my forms of entertainment.

Collaborative and dynamic workflow management systems in logistic companies require strong information systems and computer support. Business processes in such industries generally compose of several parts, a structured operational part and an unstructured operational part, or they could be composed of semistructured parts with some given and some unknown details. Unpredictable situations may occur as a result of changes in decisions made by the management. The inability to deal with various changes greatly limits the applicability of workflow systems in real industrial and commercial operations. This paper deals with adaptation management of collaborative workflow changes in such consortia and proposes architecture for implementation of these changes through the process of component integration and synchronization where by existing workflow systems adapt to the changes. This paper describes conceptual framework required for prototype implementation resulting in new collaborative workflow adaptation.
Collaborative and dynamic workflow management systems in logistic companies require strong information systems and computer support. Business processes in such industries generally compose of several parts, a structured ...
Collaborative workflow modelling based on activity diagrams, coloured petri-nets and system dynamics
This thesis addresses one of the most challenging issues in today‘s dynamic, complex and fast changing business environment: Collaborative Workflow Management. It provides methods on how to model complex, large-scale ...


They were the states that broke Democratic hearts the last time — and the ones where any political comeback would have to begin.
So how did the Democrats do on Tuesday in 2016 Trump country? They won. They also lost. And both experiences are instructive for the party’s future.
This year, The New York Times focused on seven states where Democrats hoped to dig out after losses two years ago. Some were traditionally blue areas, like Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Some were clear reaches, like Texas and Tennessee. Read the start of the series here.
Even after the president’s victory, Pennsylvania Democrats seemed well positioned to win re-election in contests for governor and the Senate, with relatively popular incumbents (Gov. Tom Wolf and Senator Bob Casey) and weak opponents. And win they did, easily.
The biggest test was in the House. Democrats passed that one, too, picking up several seats under a redrawn district map. Of particular interest were two races in districts that Mr. Trump carried in 2016 — a proving ground for Democrats eager to demonstrate that the state can be theirs again in 2020. They won both by comfortable margins, sending Conor Lamb and Matt Cartwright back to Congress.
Mr. Lamb, who won a special election in March in a deep-red western Pennsylvania district, provided an early template for how to win in Trump country. An affable former Marine who focused on labor rights and economic fairness, Mr. Lamb took care not to alienate Trump voters by antagonizing the president.
Mr. Cartwright, running in northeastern Pennsylvania, was likewise committed to understanding conservative constituents. He said he had taken up deer hunting as a point of bonding.
The pair will be joined in Congress by several Pennsylvania women who won on Tuesday, including Madeleine Dean, Chrissy Houlahan and Mary Gay Scanlon in suburban Philadelphia, and Susan Wild in the Lehigh Valley.
Representative Beto O’Rourke lost a Senate race, but he turned out a remarkable number of Democratic voters in Texas.CreditTodd Heisler/The New York Times
Senator Ted Cruz was cocky. “This is Texas,” he swaggered at campaign events, suggesting it was folly to think that his Democratic opponent, Representative Beto O’Rourke, could change the makeup of the state’s electorate through sheer force of personality and progressivism.
“Perhaps in Massachusetts,” Mr. Cruz said in an interview in August, sipping a Texas-brewed beer at a bar outside Houston.
In the end, both candidates were right. Mr. Cruz survived on Tuesday with an emphasis on cultural conservatism and a spirited defense of Mr. Trump, his former rival in the 2016 presidential primaries. And Mr. O’Rourke turned out a remarkable number of voters — more than 4 million, about three percentage points behind Mr. Cruz — proving that a different kind of Democratic campaign could make the party competitive in Texas. His strength around some of the state’s major population centers also helped lift congressional candidates in key battlegrounds.
Still, the way forward for Democrats in statewide races there is uncertain. It is hard to imagine future candidates replicating many of the forces that powered Mr. O’Rourke: his charisma and viral status on social media; his prolific fund-raising; an opponent like Mr. Cruz, who can be polarizing even within his own party. And Mr. O’Rourke still lost.
Yet even before he had, the calls for a 2020 presidential candidacy were well underway. They will not soon stop.
Gretchen Whitmer decisively won the governor’s race in Michigan, where Democrats focused on recapturing union voters.CreditJacob Hamilton/Ann Arbor News, via Associated Press
Few losses were more alarming for Democrats in 2016 than this one. On Tuesday, there was redemption, mostly.
With a focus on recapturing union voters who were often cool to Hillary Clinton two years ago, Michigan Democrats saw their emphasis on lunch-pail economic issues rewarded this week with decisive wins in a governor’s race (Gretchen Whitmer), a Senate re-election (Debbie Stabenow) and several down-ballot contests.
But Republicans’ deepest fears on Tuesday were not realized. Democrats had hoped to flip enough local seats to take control of the State Legislature. They fell short.
Still, the results seemed to suggest that despite Mr. Trump’s visceral appeal to some labor households, his success in 2016 had quite a bit to do with the unpopularity of Mrs. Clinton. “We got a lot of pushback on Hillary,” Bill Black, a leader of the Teamsters union in Michigan, said months ago, sizing up the contest for governor. “We’re not seeing that with Gretchen.”
Tony Evers, center, defeated Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, an avatar of the Republican dominance of state-level politics across the Midwest.CreditSteve Apps/Wisconsin State Journal, via Associated Press
Scott Walker, for years an avatar of the Republican dominance of state-level politics across the Midwest, will be governor no more. He lost, narrowly, to Tony Evers, the state’s schools superintendent.
The Democratic campaign message in Wisconsin in many ways mirrored the party’s argument nationally, with a focus on health care, education and infrastructure spending. But Mr. Walker, despite presiding over a strong economy, proved particularly vulnerable to these kinds of attacks: He had pushed to repeal the Affordable Care Act and overseen steep cuts in education spending early in his tenure.
Elsewhere on the ticket, Senator Tammy Baldwin, the Democratic incumbent, won re-election by double digits.
But Republicans in the state seem disinclined to cede power without a fight. Leaders in the legislature are already discussing ways to limit Mr. Evers’s authority before he is sworn in.
Representative Marsha Blackburn defeated Mr. Bredesen easily, suggesting that Tennessee will not be particularly hospitable to Democrats any time soon.CreditAlex Wong/Getty Images
Democrats had hoped that their unlikely path back to a Senate majority would run through this right-leaning Southern state with a reputation for elevating pragmatists over ideologues.
They assumed that their nominee, the former Gov. Phil Bredesen, was a good fit, more stylistically equivalent to the Republican he was running to replace, Senator Bob Corker, than the Republican nominee herself — Marsha Blackburn, a hard-line conservative.
It did not matter. Ms. Blackburn won easily, suggesting that the state will not be particularly hospitable to Democrats any time soon. Mr. Bredesen won all 95 counties in the state when he was re-elected as governor in 2006. If he could not keep a race close — after coming out in support of Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh, after speaking warmly of gun rights — it is hard to envision another Democrat faring much better.
“In our mind we think we’re a little more progressive, a little more advanced,” Raumesh Akbari, a Democratic state legislator in Memphis, said of Tennessee before the election, comparing it to other reliably red states. “But I don’t know.”
Richard Cordray lost the governor’s race in Ohio, where President Trump should enter the 2020 race as a strong favorite.CreditJohn Minchillo/Associated Press
In 2016, Mr. Trump effectively took this once-purple state off the board, winning by eight points. Tuesday’s results make it clear he should enter 2020 as a strong favorite again.
Despite high hopes among Democrats who thought they might flip several statewide offices, Republicans had a very good night, starting at the top of the ticket. Mike DeWine, currently the attorney general, was elected governor, turning back Richard Cordray, the Democratic nominee who had led the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
In defeat, Mr. Cordray won more votes than the incumbent, Gov. John R. Kasich, earned in either of his victories — and still lost to Mr. DeWine by more than four points.
The outcome was sobering for Democrats. Mr. Trump’s success in once solidly blue corners of the state, particularly with many old-guard union voters, seemed to carry over at least in part to Republicans in a nonpresidential year. And Mr. Cordray was never going to approach the kinds of numbers that President Barack Obama enjoyed with young and African-American voters when he won the state in his two campaigns.
“Donald Trump has completely disintegrated the old Democratic coalition in Ohio,” said Michael Hartley, a longtime adviser to Republican campaigns in the state. “And I think to a lot of people’s surprise, the Trump voters came out.”
Andrew Gillum appears to have lost the governor’s race in Florida despite holding a small lead in the polls and electrifying liberals across the country.CreditGabriella Angotti-Jones/The New York Times
Going into Tuesday, Democrats had constructed a sort of lab experiment for their party’s future: Their candidate for governor, Andrew Gillum, was a young African-American progressive who had electrified liberals across the country. Their candidate for the Senate, Bill Nelson, was seeking re-election as a white septuagenarian centrist who joined Congress the year Mr. Gillum was born.
Polls generally showed Mr. Gillum with a small lead over his Republican opponent, Ron DeSantis, a hard-line Trump supporter, leaving Democrats hopeful that the enthusiasm around his campaign might be enough to lift Mr. Nelson in his race against Gov. Rick Scott.
While Democrats appeared to lose both races on Tuesday night, the margins have shriveled enough in recent days to dip below the threshold for a recount. Republicans have expressed confidence that their apparent wins will remain wins.
A special event which will examine the city’s Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) history is to be held at Leeds Central Library next week.
The event takes place on Tuesday 24 February from 5.30pm-6pm Alison Oram, Professor of Social and Cultural History at Leeds Beckett University, will inspect many aspects of LGBT life in the city since the 1950s. Topics set to be investigated on the evening, which forms part of LGBT History Month 2015, will include media reporting, lesbian and gay social spaces and political activism. Time will also be allocated for a debate with the audience on all of the issues discussed in the talk.
Also available on Tuesday 24 February is a ‘Celebrating Diversity’ event hosted by Touchstone and Women’s Health Matters from 12.30pm at Leeds City Museum. A range of stalls will be on offer, offering advice and information regarding LGBT services and events around Leeds. To find out more about the event and how to have a stall on the day, please contact Jay Silver on 0113 216 2792 or Amrit Kaur on 0113 271 8277.
"We are delighted to be once again hosting a number of interesting events and activities in Leeds this month as part of the celebrations marking LGBT History Month 2015.
"This includes at Leeds Central Library a talk by Professor Alison Oram, who will be taking a fascinating look at many aspects of Leeds’ own LGBT history, and an event at Leeds City Museum offering a range of stalls providing advice and information regarding LGBT services available in the city."

Zip Wire in Dublin has been voted one of the 3 top three Stag Do Activities to have a go at while you are in the city.
All these people can not be wrong and remember Scary is funny specially when you are with your mates.
This Dublin Activity package for Stag Do’s involves an amazing High ropes course, Archery, A zip wire ride and an unreal climbing wall that tests every one verve.
There will not be a better value for money Stag Do Activity in Dublin so give us a call and we will get this booked.
This Dublin Stag Do Activity site is massive so lots of alternative activities to offer your Stag group so just give Pop the Fizz a call and we will get something to fit you.
Adventure incorporates 4 activities in 3 hours including Zip Line, Climbing Wall, Archery & Aerial Trekking High Ropes Obstacles Course – so great ready for the whirlwind adventure of your life!

Personal attack is often the best indication that the writer knows his logic is flawed and therefore tries to deflect attention by attacking the opponent .. instead of attacking the arguments of the opponent


Here are the search results for Soja Get Wiser Cd on site sch.gdn, soja get wiser cd, soja get wiser cd download, baixar cd soja get wiser.	We have about 0 matching results to play and download. If the results do not contain the songs you were looking for please try to find the song by the name of the artist or by the name of the song.
Every motorcyclist needs a handful of these multi-purpose, stretch polyurethane straps with virtually unbreakable fasteners. You’ll find a million uses for these quick, solid, tough straps. We’ve been using them for years to secure everything from luggage to water and fuel bottles to our Bushwackers Hand Guards.
Sold in packages of 2, available in three color-coded lengths with Giant Loop’s iconic cow skull graphic and our design mantra: “Go Light. Go Fast. Go Far.”
Named for the Pronghorn (often called an antelope, which is an African animal and not related to the American Pronghorn) indigenous to the American West, fast, tough and able to withstand the harsh environments of the Great Basin.
About ten years ago, I found out about this place in Pittsburgh called Primanti Brothers. (Be sure to swallow it a little to sound more authentic; it’s sort of pronounced like “perMANee.”) Primanti Brothers was apparently a famous restaurant down on the strip.
They were famous for a handful of things, not the least of which were their enormous sandwiches and grouchy waitresses.
The rumor was that if you asked to have your sandwich without cole slaw (that is, without cole slaw on it, which is standard at this joint), they’d look you right in the eye as they scooped an extra large portion of the mayonaissey wonder onto your sandwich.
I mean, there are lots of things I like about Western Pennsylvania, but at least two of them are cole slaw and French fries.
Slap them both on a sandwich, throw on some corned beef, and I’m in heaven. (Thus saith the near-vegetarian in her everyday life–it’s like I have a secret identity that involves mayonnaise and fried food.)
I don’t think I’m exaggerating when I say that for ten years, I’ve been wanting to go to Primanti Brothers.
For at least the last four or five, when J has asked me what I wanted to be sure to do while we were home in Pennsylvania visiting family, I’ve responded with, “Go to Primanti Brothers.”
In that time, the little grimey sandwich place has expanded into a local chain (with a trendy new website to boot)–and one of those locations was in a city pretty close to my in-laws’ home. So he offered multiple times to take me there. But really, why go to Primanti’s if you weren’t going to have the authentic, downtown “strip” experience?
* “N’at” is one of my favorite Pittsburgh turns of phrase. According to the Pittsburghese Glossary, n’at means “And so forth. Used for emphasis. [For example:] ‘We went shopping n’at.'”
2014, Graduate Research, Measuring Neural Responses of Apparel Product Attractiveness. — Central Michigan University Scholarly & Creative Works
Copyright 2014 by Benjamin Touchette. This material is copyrighted and any further reproduction or distribution is prohibited without the permission of the copyright owner.
Copyright 2014 by Olapade Oludolapo Olagbemi. This material is copyrighted and any further reproduction or distribution is prohibited without the permission of the copyright owner.
01313[1]In fine flowery Alpine Camp on Mt Tacoma Aug. 16/88Dear Louie & all_Am in fine campe here & have seen the Grand Glo & woods & gardens & have also had the train from the summit. All well JM01313[2]The view from the summit was truly glorious. did not mean to climb, but got excited & soon was on top. Am now coming towards home will be back in about two weeks A messenger stands wishing to take this to the lowlands. ever Yrs JM
In the jungles of Malaysia, a mysterious buyer purchases deadly cavitation technology, built to his specifications.
Thus begins Michael Crichton's exciting and provocative technothriller, State of Fear. Only Michael Crichton's unique ability to blend science fact and pulse-pounding fiction could bring such disparate elements to a heart-stopping conclusion.
This is Michael Crichton's most wide-ranging thriller. State of Fear takes the reader from the glaciers of Iceland to the volcanoes of Antarctica, from the Arizona desert to the deadly jungles of the Solomon Islands, from the streets of Paris to the beaches of Los Angeles. The novel races forward, taking the reader on a rollercoaster thrill ride, all the while keeping the brain in high gear. Gripping and thought-provoking, State of Fear is Michael Crichton at his very best.
When a group of eco-terrorists engage in a global conspiracy to generate weather-related natural disasters, its up to environmental lawyer Peter Evans and his team to uncover the subterfuge.
From Tokyo to Los Angeles, from Antarctica to the Solomon Islands, Michael Crichton mixes cutting edge science and action-packed adventure, leading readers on an edge-of-your-seat ride while offering up a thought-provoking commentary on the issue of global warming. A deftly-crafted novel, in true Crichton style, State of Fear is an exciting, stunning tale that not only entertains and educates, but will make you think.
State of Fear, State of fear / Michael Crichton, State of fear [electronic resource] / Michael Crichton, State of fear [sound recording] / by Michael Crichton

Frankincense (Boswellia carterii) includes the naturally occurring constituent boswellic acid, and has a woodsy, approachable, balsamic aroma.
Lemon essential oil includes the naturally occurring constituent limonene. Its clean scent is refreshing and uplifting.
Also known as melaleuca alternifolia, tea tree oil is renowned for a variety of purposes, including skin benefits.
This essential oil blend helps freshen the air and eliminate odors with its unique combination of essential oils.
Copyrights © 2018 held by respective copyright holders, which include but may not be limited to GetOiling.com and Basic Oils (Premium) Singapore.
The ‘Get Passionate’ radio show is returning after a successful trial year, this time with a brand new formula! A daring one. I, your host, Genevieve, GenieCoach, Gen, am committing to also apply the show’s tips into my own life. I’m ready to back YOU up! Can you back YOURSELF?
Don’t worry, there will still be guests and stories from inspiring people who are walking the walk and talking the talk. However, you will now be encouraged to create your own life story from the tips, inspiration and guidance of the show.
I have been helping many people seeking a life or career change and there are two factors that set apart those who are still enjoying great success. One: constantly exploring new ideas and two: following through with confident action. I want people to experience for themselves how these mere two factors can change their life and there is no better way than leading by example.
Rather than following a monthly theme, the show is now based on one of the four stages of the Passion Pays journey that (more…)
Once you get listening to Get Passionate Radio, you’ll get inspired by our exceptional guests. People who live their lives with passion and purpose.
We hope you start getting passionate about your life and your loves, whether it be art, education, nature, business, sprituality, social change.
Have you ever wondered what would happen to you if you lost your job? Whether you’re working for yourself or for someone else, whether it’s your clients or your boss keeping you working, our current world of work does not guarantee that they will still keep you tomorrow. This is the illusion of security I refer to in my book Passion Pays. Gloom picture, I know. But if you perform a strong reality check, you can make the right adjustments before it’s too late and you can feel confident about your present and your future.
This is exactly what we are doing in this week’s episode. In the previous episode, we worked on being clear on what you really want, and such clarity will make things easier here.
Join me with guest, career coach Meera Shah (see her details below) in this pratical, yet fun-filled episode on Thursday 07th March 2013 at 7pm GMT. Meera and I are giving 3 specific exercices to give you the best chance to, not only keep your job, but most importantly to be confident of your own abilities to get the job that you want.
Would you like some help to follow this episode and complete the exercises? No problem. Every week, I help personally and for free, the first two people who email me with their homework. You can also comment below and I’ll do my best to reply.
I have prepared some bonus tools to make your life easier and give you the structure you need to focus.
Download this episode’s full workbook plus bonuses (audio+presentation) for £1.99 instead of £4.99, your muffin and drink are on me.
Meera Shah is a Career Coach in the UK. Her background was in the corporate world, ranging from Unilever to Goldman Sachs to HSBC. After a successful career in Financial services, she decided to use her wealth of experience in Career Coaching. She has created the RID Coaching Model which has helped so many of her clients in their Careers.
Meera now runs a program called the 4 fastest ways to advance your Career and you can subscribe to these FREE tips here. She also regularly runs talks, workshops and meet-ups to further help her clients.
Posted by passionpays on March 4, 2013 in Business & Entrepreneurship, Exercises, March 2013, S2- Build Your Expertise, Special Guests and tagged attitude, Business, commitment, Derren Brown, get fired, job security, keep your job, positive outlook, reality check, work.	
Many people don’t know what they want or they want much less than they deserve. But if you don’t even allow yourself to find out what you really want, you don’t stand much chance of getting it. How can you ask for what you want if you don’t know what it is? How can you convince yourself or anybody else if you don’t have the clarity that comes with your determination?
In the first (much anticipated and much belated!) episode of the new Get Passionate Radio show, we are addressing the soul-searching question: “What (on earth) do I really want to do (with my life)?”
In this two-part episode, I lay out the 5 steps that I applied to go, in one week, from a blurry idea and uncertain future I couldn’t even formulate, to finding 3 helpers, 4 strategies, a list of role models and a roadmap to carry out my vision. If you want similar or better results about the next steps in your career, you do not want to miss this episode. You can listen to part 1 here and part 2 here.
Download this episode’s notes and workbook for £4.99 or £1.99 for the early birds who download by 08th March 2013. I am including TWO BONUSES with the workbook: the episodes audio so you can listen to it anytime away from your computer and the “50 Questions to change your life download”.
Posted by passionpays on February 28, 2013 in Exercises, S1 - Understand Your Passions and tagged Career, Change the World, clarity, Episode, focus, Get Passionate Radio, know what you want, Passion Pays, Passions, self-enquiry, soul-searching, understand your passions.	
If I tell you Jaws, what tune comes to your mind? In fact if you hear that tune even while walking in the forest, you’ll be turning round, automatically scared of the shark coming at you! (yeah, a “forest shark”?) That’s the power of music in films and other works of art, it blends in and brings out emotions.
Click here to listen to this episode of the Get Passionate Radio Show with Paul Wilkins, whose music, for example, brings to life my book Continue reading →
Posted by passionpays on December 31, 2012 in Art & Entertainment and tagged art and entertaiment, book trailer, composer, Games, music, music composition, Musical composition, Passion Pays, paul wilkins.	
Are you a frustrated writer? Do you dread your book gathering dust in a warehouse? Or in the forgotten abyss of Amazon? Well, all authors have been there. Yet, many managed to have loads of people read their wonderful words! Here are a few tips for you to do the same.
Join us on Wed 10 Oct 2012 at 9pm BST with book marketing consultant John Kremer, we discuss different ways to market you book and how you can do so, doing what you love most!
John Kremer is an acknowledged expert on book publishing and marketing. Besides being the owner of a publishing company (Open Horizons in Taos, New Mexico), he is the editor of the Book Marketing Tip of the Week newsletter.
John is the author of a number of books on publishing and marketing, including 1001 Ways to Market Your Books: For Authors and Publishers (6th Edition), The Complete Direct Marketing Sourcebook, High Impact Marketing on a Low Impact Budget, and Celebrate Today. He has also designed the Do-It-Yourself Book Publicity Kit.
Posted by passionpays on October 8, 2012 in Art & Entertainment, Business & Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurs, Special Guests and tagged Amazon, author, book, book marketing, Business, Genevieve de Lacaze, john kremer, marketing, publisher, publishing, Publishing and Printing, social media, writer.	
What is the main obstacle now facing art students? How can an artist brush off critism and rejection? How can you get into art galleries? We all know about the “starving artist”. But if you are an artist, you certainly don’t want to be a testament to this all-too-famous figure. And you certainly can succeed. Listen to this episode and you will get answers!
Join us on 06th Sept 2012 5pm BST with Nikki Stevens, full time successful artist since 1996, specialising in watercolour. Leaving art school with a degree in 3D design, Nikki was a Goldsmith/Designer Jeweller before making a leap into advertising (Young & Rubicam) and film and tv set design (BBC). Although she frequently paints animals, does not consider herself to be a ‘wildlife artist’.
Nikki’s work is in many private collections in the USA, France and Holland as well as the UK. She is also in the collection of Freshfields Bruckhaus Derringer and is represented by Cricket Fine Art, London, where she will showcase a solo gallery exhibition “Fierce Friends” from 25th Sept to 06th October 2012.
How did she get there? If you want to hear a passionate journey to success, make sure you listen to this episode of the Get Passionate Radio show! Nikki shares with us her own obstacles, breakthroughs and keys to her success.
Posted by passionpays on September 6, 2012 in Art & Entertainment, Entrepreneurs and tagged animals, Art Gallery, artist, Arts, Chelsea, Cricket Fine Art, exhibition, gallery exhibition, Genevieve de Lacaze, jeweller, journey to success, London, Nikki Stevens, paintings, passionate journey, solo gallery, success, wildlife.	
The official motto of the London 2012 Olympics is “inspire a young generation”. Like any motto, the question is: does it really live up to it?
To discuss this, we have aspiring young woman 19-year old Khadija Suleiman as our special guest on the show.
Khadija is currently studying criminal justice and legal studies at University of Greenwich in London. She enjoys playing a lot of sports, such as tennis, athletics and football. Khadija aspires to be a successful tennis player. She would also like to become a life skills coach to teach people to strive for what they believe in and teach them that anything is possible no matter what their age.
Posted by passionpays on July 26, 2012 in Special Guests and tagged Business, Business networking, Funding, Genevieve de Lacaze, Haringey Council, Liz Bygrave, London, Muswell Hill, North London, Small business.	
What was the winning formula that secured funding for Small Business Network (SBN)? You’ll be surprised by the answer!
If you own a business, you have probably been to a networking event at some point. Whether you came back for more or binned the business cards that you couldn’t even remember taking, you may even have wanted to set up one of your own, realising how well-attended and beneficial they can be.
Join us with guest Liz Bygrave, who runs the successful Small Business Network in North London. Liz will tell us the keys of success to her networking groupand what’s important to think about if you want to build your own.
Posted by passionpays on May 21, 2012 in Business & Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurs, Special Guests and tagged Business, Business networking, Funding, Genevieve de Lacaze, Haringey Council, Liz Bygrave, London, Muswell Hill, North London, Small business.	
Join us with business maverick Noam Kostucki to discuss the timely subject of making money from doing good.
How do organisations get lost in the pursuit of financial survival at the expense of the good they were created to do? How can they reconcile their original purpose of serving people with making money? If that’s a combination that interests you, make sure to listen to this episode!
The answer to our questions actually makes natural sense. Join us with business maverick Noam Kostucki, to get invaluable insights, inspiration and know-how to make money from doing good.
Posted by passionpays on May 14, 2012 in Business & Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurs, Special Guests and tagged author, Business, Business Services, Charity, Communication, Genevieve de Lacaze, Noam Kostucki, Public speaking, Training.	
Join us with Andy Wilkins to get some invaluable insights on Business Innovation. Andy Wilkins, a successful Strategy Consultant currently working with Bupa and O2, tells us that 70% to 80% of new products and services fail to make any money. If you do not want to be part of this statistic, you can not afford to miss this episode.
Innovation in business is more than creativity. It is more than putting yet another product in circulation or another service on the market. As Andy says: “Innovation has become too loose a term.” And it’s costing companies as well as society.
Please visit our site at https://rainbowriting.com for more info about Ghost Writer, Inc. We perform affordable, inexpensive freelance copy writing, ghost writing, copy editing, proofreading, manuscript analysis and full professional formatting for books, memoirs, scripts, screenplays, music and lyrics, and we do many other writing, editing, publishing, agent assistance and marketing services for reasonable prices. We also offer a links exchange service and many other pro services such as graphics and photography, literary agency, marketing, sales, promotions, publishing and/or optioning assistance. We may even be able to arrange a TV show, film, video or movie to be made from your book, and/or we can arrange professional services that present and pitch your work to major TV and film industry executives, too!	View all posts by Karen S. Cole	
Long drop necklace with handmade red tassel, featuring coconut and vintage African beads. Handmade. Pull over styling; no clasp.

Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: ae064beb7a390be01a4b5e16d9152272

After almost a week of Fairly regular and widespread rains in Tamil Nadu particularly around the interior regions it is time for the rains to take a break. Yesterday saw many places in Chennai record light to moderate rains in the evening while southern suburbs enjoyed one or two heavy spells as well. Taramani recorded 25 mm of rains for the 24 hours ending at 8:30 AM while places like Anna University, Nungambakkam & Meenambakkam recorded between 2 & 4 mm for the same period.
A look at the precipitation charts for the last 7 days or so will clearly indicate how much rains in Tamil Nadu has been much higher than the normal for this time of the year in specific to the interior regions. The interior region of Southern Peninsular India has seen about 200% above average rainfall at many places while in a few places it has seen in excess of 400% of normal average.
With an Upper Air Cyclonic Circulation over North Bay now aiding the monsoon trough move back into Central India we are likely to see an increased monsoon surge over West Coast & Central India. This is likely to set forth the next active phase of Monsoon 2016 for the next few days, as the developing Low from Bay could move inland over the next couple of days or so and improve monsoon intensity.
With the West Coast set for an active phase we are likely to see the rains slow down in the East Coast of Peninsular India. Rains in Tamil Nadu is likely to become scattered and more isolated today as we get set for a dry spell over the next week or so. While today we could see some passing showers in a few days over North Tamil Nadu the chances of intense thunderstorms looks less likely and similarly widespread rains in Tamil Nadu are less likely as well.
Chennai could see cloudy conditions through the day with some light drizzle or passing showers at times.

Gateau is a beautiful shoe, available in many different colours and cut out designs. The lace up, soft leather and unlined style of this shoe is perfect for summer, especially when the temperature gets hot.
Oh what fun we’ve had in the last six weeks! You folks were winning. And then you weren’t. And then the French and the American air forces showed up, allowing you to win again. And now you aren’t. To be crass, it’s like a tennis match. With tanks and bombs.
It’s clear at this point that not all Libyans support the uprising against Muammar Qaddafiy. Many do. Possibly even most. But not quite enough. Qaddafiy still commands a fairly well organized army, one that is still fairly cohesive despite being pounded from the air and losing both armor and artillery and the ability to effectively use armor and heavy artillery. It can still defeat you on the ground. What we had all hoped would be a fairly happy rerun of the December 1989 revolution in Romania has not happened. Qaddafiy has far more support in Libya than Nicolae Ceaucescu had in the end, and I suppose we can thank the tribal nature of Libyan society, as well as the fact the The Brother Leader had put many of his close family members in charge of those bits of government most important to him. (Modern state institutions like Egypt’s or Romania’s, with their desired basis in professionalism and competence rather than familial closeness, can easily betray a dictator if they see their best interests served in doing so. Political parties are also not families. Family is, well, family.)
So, some advice. As romantic and wonderful as a charge across the desert in Toyota pickup trucks is, beating the crap out of regime forces with the help of French and American fighter jets, it’s clear you’ve strung yourselves out too far and aren’t a coherent enough fighting force to effectively hold territory. Here are a few things to keep in mind:
The French and Americans really are on your side. Don’t take the alleged impartiality of the UN Security Council resolution too seriously. The West is working for you. The presence of CIA advisors should be proof of that, not to mention all the bombing. Take advantage of that. Form a defensive line somewhere — I’d recommend Ajdabiya, but I understand y’all may be retreating from there as well — and then, with the help of all this allied air power, hold it. (For inspiration, let me suggest to you Surah 105 of the Qur’an, which relates the account of how God sent the birds to drop stones on Abraha’s army besieging the Ka’aba in Makka and destroy that army. If such a comparison, birds sent from God with the US and French air forces, seems blasphemous to you, consider that Kuwaitis were more than happy to make that link after the 1991 war to liberate their country.)
Organize, organize, organize. Yes, as I noted, the dash across the desert probably seems adventurous and romantic, all Lawrence of Arabia/Norman Schwartzkopf-like. (And perhaps there are stories from Libyan history as well.) But you aren’t an army, you are an armed mob. And the difference is being able to stand, defend and hold a position. Which you can’t. Even becoming a militia at this point would be an improvement. Slow down. Time is now on your side. Qaddafiy cannot legally re-equip his army (tanks and howitzers gone are gone for good), and allied air power will continue to wear it down. If Qaddafiy thinks he can outlast Western force, I’d suggest a quick Wikipedia search under “Hussein, Saddam” and “Milosevic, Slobodan.” (This may also inspire you to slow down.) Westerners may come off as sissies initially, but when we decide to wage war, we are relentless.
Form a proper government already. See the above section on organizing. You are getting there. But even Cote d’Ivoire has a proper, internationally recognized government.
But realize now your are conquering a country, not liberating it. Western reporters wandering around Tripoli a few days after the bombing began, in allegedly unminded moments, would get snippets of talk from Libyans stating something to the effect of “a week more of this and Tripoli will rise.” Maybe. But it has been nearly two weeks now, and none of the cities currently under Qaddafiy control have rebelled. It could be those under Qaddafiy’s rule — some, many, or most — are still oppressed by his regime and still too frightened to rise up. But it could also be that, at least in places, there is significant real support for Qaddafiy and his war aims. It is impossible to tell with dictatorships. It could also be the intervention of NATO has changed how Libyans in Qaddafiy-ruled areas view their government. Like Russians facing the Wermacht in 1941, they may be willing to fight for a regime they hate because it is fighting against foreign force. I do not know. But once it was clear this was no longer a mass, popular rebellion against a hated government and had become a civil war, the obvious outcome is that someone was going to be defeated and ruled against their will.
Foreign forces are coming ready or not. I know y’all have said you don’t believe you need foreign troops to help. And some of you may actually believe the UN resolution authorizing the war prevents foreign soldiers from intervening. It doesn’t. The West has already committed itself to the success of your increasingly haphazard rebellion, and if defending Benghazi and protecting Misurata cannot be done from the air, well, then it will be done on the ground, probably with French Foreign Legion regiments and U.S. Marine battalions. This will likely make any regime partisans fight all that much harder.
Get ready for a long war. It’s nice that Mousa Kousa showed up in London, resigned his old job and denounced his former employer. He also doesn’t matter much. Until the Qaddafiy regime leaders on the UN Security Council resolution 1970 list of sanctioned people and people prevented from traveling start defecting, the regime is still solid and still united and will still stand whatever ground it holds. You are going to have to take that ground meter by meter, probably, especially at the end. This is why you need to organize. To break Qaddafiy, you will need to break his state. Every bit of it. Without tiring or flinching. It’s very likely going to take awhile. And when you are done, you will have to rebuild just about everything from scratch. This is the course you have committed to.
Again, I suspect I have told y’all anything you don’t already know. And I haven’t said anything your supporters in Washington, Paris and London don’t already know too. May God be with you.
Appreciate the deconstructions of some of these thought processes–the notion that one can pillage and rape and plunder if it’s at bottom an exercise in unselfishness rang in my head after I heard it on Antiwar Radio. The the thought about “essentialism” also was informative . . ..

You don’t have time to mess around, and neither do we. The UFORCE 800 EPS side by side is a supercharged workhorse that gives you the power and the handling to get stuff done. Period.

Hello, it’s here! And so to Shop is live! We’re so excited to have you here at the end of what has been a very long journey and the start of a brand new adventure.
The And so to Empire was founded by Louise Daniel in 2014, owner of her own handmade business, who went looking for a targeted platform to sell her wares. After approaching various huge bridal blogs, she felt that her business would be lost in amongst all the other suppliers featured on these sites and that they weren’t specifically tailored to support small hand-makers. She therefore decided to set up her own blog, And so to Wed, to promote independent, wedding businesses. At the heart of And so to Wed are the suppliers and wedding couples. Louise believed that if she could help suppliers to grow and nurture their businesses, they would in turn create unique, beautiful and tailored items/services for brides and grooms to be. And so to Wed has helped hundreds of independent businesses to grow, providing them with a platform to showcase their wares, social media coverage to share their creations and an online community providing them with the space, companionship, knowledge and opportunities to thrive. Not long after, And so to Family and And so to Style were created, bringing lots of exciting new independent businesses into the And so to Community. And so to Wed, And so to Family and And so to Style grew, featuring a blog and online Directory. But we felt that something was missing – the ability for people to shop the handmade looks we were sharing on our Blogs, quickly, easily and safely. In June 2017, And so to Shop was launched, bringing shoppers the ability to shop from a variety of creative and talented artisans, as well as being inspired by our style driven Blogs.
We now have a team of 11 staff and numerous Partners, all of whom are passionate about the And so to brand and ethos.
These gorgeous cards are designed with an original floral photographic print taken by myself and designed with added arty gorgeousness for a unique design. With the back left blank for your personal message x

I struggled to find a tunic pattern size 12 months, so I’m found on my favorite blog Spanish (with videos) and cutting down!
The fabric is seasonal with small pumpkins everywhere and little witches, and as I had enough for the top, I added here and there with little reminders.

This paper presents a method to evaluate the availability and resiliency of a modern distribution grid using Stochastic Reward Nets (SRNs). SRNs are a modelling formalism used to evaluate the complex dependencies of components during fault recovery. The method is verified using the RBTS Bus 2 Test system and then applied to an enhanced version of the distribution grid which employs remote communications and distribution automation to hasten the recovery process. Sensitivity analysis is applied to the enhanced version of the test system to demonstrate improvements in recovery time and reduction in downtime with respect to to component failure. Finally, resiliency analysis is performed to the enhanced system to evaluate the systems ability to recover from abnormal and severe events and demonstrate the improvements that this technology provides.


Really nice book. Really liked the kite and sampler patterns! Teaches you a lot about history and what girls spent their day doing in the colonial times.
For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting.
‘Did you hear that Tunde’s house burned down to the ground? ‘..the young man asked me the moment I stepped into their office.
This was the gory news I got about Tunde, a former client. He went to the monthly Reedemed Camp Meeting. Before he came back from the 2/3-day event, his apartment had burnt to the ground with nothing, absolutely nothing left. Apparently an electrical malfunction turned his house and all the contents into ashes. I was shown the picture of the burnt flat, and was again reminded of how much we need to do as country. Of course the Fire Service would arrive (if they come at all) after the conflagration has finished its dastardly act. the fire truck would have a dead battery, flat tire or there wouldn’t be water.
I am ashamed to confess that, after the initial shock, I was not particularly sorry to hear of this mishap happening to this man. WhIle not rejoicing at his bad fortune, I was thinking, God is a god of vengeance!
I firmly believe in retributive justice, also known as the Law of Karma. This is the concept of what you sow is what you reap. Without going into the slimy details, this man whose house got razed down has been less than honest in his business dealings with me, and left a sour taste in the mouth. Even his colleague who facilitated the business deal was apologizing copiously.If he could unapologetically do this to me, it is safe to assume that this is a dishonest person at heart, and probably cheats other people in business too.
The question of why bad things happen to good people is as old as sin. But when bad things happen to bad people, we get some consolation that maybe, just maybe, life is paying them back with their own coin. While this life sometimes seems to reward bad people inappropriately with good things, that is a topic for another day.
The fact that this young man lost the major part of his material possessions in two days (apart from the car he travelled to Camp in and and a landed property) emphasizes the importance of investing in the intangibles…those things that are very important but cannot be touched, torched, carried away or burnt down. Some of those things are love, friendship, good health, peace of mind, goodwill and a sterling reputation..
While the electronics in one’s house can be stolen or incinerated, your education / knowledge can not. True friendship and the love of your spouse cannot be carted away. Your reputation as a man of honour and integrity cannot be destroyed overnight in a fire.
This brings to the fore the importance of simultaneously investing in things that cannot be destroyed by external factors, while we continue our rat race of building up / accumulating material possessions.
Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.
The quote above is talking about investing in “gold” rather than “butter”. Gold metaphorically represents something of lasting value, while butter refers to ephemeral things. Let us pay less attention to ephemeral things like physical possessions, but focus more assiduously on building character, enhancing personal network, spreading love and encouraging harmony.
It is interesting that the major part of the effort we expend in life centers more on building our physical possessions and invigorating our careers while the more important things do not get so much emphasis.

At its core, ClassAI is a prediction powered class browsing and comparison tool. To make that possible, the ClassAI team has developed a cutting-edge prediction model powered by robust deep learning algorithms, which enables the generation of precise slot-based predictions. Any model is only as strong as the data behind it, which in ClassAI's case is 11,000,000 historical snapshots of the registration process and nearly 300,000 historical class sections over a five year period. Accompanying this strong foundation are other datasets, including instructor ratings, student satisfaction scores among other metrics.
To generate precise registration appointment-based predictions, we look to broader related trends to deal with potentially uncovered data points or totally unseen data, such as new courses.
Using our precise point estimates, the momentum of enrollment rates along the registration process, model error, and other factors, we apply logisitic regression to derive a probability that a seat will be open in a given course at a specific registration appointment time.
Fourth of July: a definitive holiday that celebrates American Independence and our national spirit. While I’ve seen many firework displays, none have quite topped the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular. This comes as little surprise considering over 500,000 people flood the banks of the Charles River to see the thrilling event, with an additional 7 MILLION tuning in to the CBS special from across the nation.* I’ve braved the crowds three times now, and must say that it still is quite “spectacular.” For this July 4th, a group of us gathered at my friend Brian’s in the North End for food and drinks (Awesome spread! See below), then travelled to a nearby bridge on the Charles for the fireworks show. My contributions to the cookout were two classics that this holiday would be incomplete without: Deep Dish Apple Pie and Blueberry Crumble Pie.
“As American as Apple Pie” – we’ve all heard it, yet any may be surprised to learn it is quite far from the truth. The tradition of pie can be traced back to the Greeks, who used pastries to keep savory dishes fresh for storage and transport. This practice was passed on to the Romans, who subsequently introduced the method to Europe. When pilgrims first arrived to the Americas, there were no indigenous apple trees. The fruit had become quite the popular ingredient by that time, compelling settlers to introduce apple seeds to the continent in the 1620s. America quickly became one of the world’s largest producers of the fruit.**
Here is my greatest piece of advice for both making both of these pies’ crusts – make sure ALL the wet ingredients (including the fats) are VERY cold! Otherwise you will end up with a pie crust that is neither flaky nor attractive. I used my food processor (a great gift from my stepmother!) for the first time on these recipes, and I am absolutely in LOVE with it! It made the process much less tedious, and the crust came together in no time!
This apple pie was fantastic! It is a hybrid of two different recipes, considering I wanted a sturdy crust with a filling that was both flavorful and not too soggy. The filling is cooked beforehand, ensuring that the apples will be just cooked (rather than “just barely,” a consequence of deep dish pie dishes). The filling doesn’t suffer from being too mushy, either, thanks to the apples’ natural pectin (which is also used as a stabilizer in jams and jellies). To learn how to make this “American” classic, click HERE.
The second pie was just as stunning – a colorful, juicy filling topped with a cinnamon crumble puts this one over the top. This again is a hybrid of two different recipes, in my search for paring a flaky crust with a luscious filling. The crumble topping gives the pie a whole new dimension of flavor and texture, almost serving as a second “pie crust.” This pie was fairly simple to make (relative to the apple pie), and will certainly be making another appearance soon. Click HERE to learn how to make this delicious pie!
For this pairing, I chose the crowning glory of the Boston Pops show – 1812 Overture, by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. Like the apple pie, this piece also has a deceptive history. Many falsely affiliate the work with the War of 1812, while in fact it refers to Russia’s victory over the advance of Napoleon’s Grande Armée into Moscow. So why the cultural misinterpretation? The Boston Pops themselves can be blamed, when former director Arthur Fiedler decided to feature the work (for the 1974 show). He had been asked to program a work that would appeal to a larger audience, and so he chose the overture due to its patriotic zeal and “explosive” finale (complete with real canons and church bells!) The reaction by spectators and critics alike secured the work a permanent place in the annual show’s program, as well as in July 4th celebrations across the country.^ Many of the recordings on YouTube only include the Finale, which, though wonderful, wholly omit the beautiful opening and more subtle moments. Here is a recording of the piece in full by the Hallé Orchestra of England, with Mark Elder conducting. Enjoy!
This entry was posted on April 11, 2016 by Clauzzen. It was filed under Hexen, Libros-Textos / Books-Texts .	

This set was inspired by Metroid and Axiom Verge. It covers tech- and alien tiles and should provide everything necessary on environment to start your metroidvania space project.
In order to download this tileset you must purchase it at or above the minimum price of $1.50 USD. You will get access to the following files:
Man’s tumour misdiagnosed as a headache at Groote Schuur Hospital – told to take a tablet and go home
A growing tumour eating into the nasal passage of a Mitchells Plain man was diagnosed as a headache by staff at Groote Schuur Hospital after he went to the trauma unit to get help for the pain. Faried Jassiem, who felt too ill to go to work, went to the trauma unit after he felt he would pass out, but he never saw a doctor.
Jassiem’s wife, Zaafirah Jassiem, said: “A male nurse said to him why do you just come here with a headache? They became abrupt with him and told him to take a tablet and go home. They gave him a referral letter for Mitchells Plain Day Hospital.
“Sick as he was, and in pain, he had to get on a bus and travel to Mitchells Plain. On the bus his nose started bleeding. When he got to the day hospital, the nurse told him they might not see him that day.”
Zaafirah said her husband went back to the day hospital the next day in unbearable pain. By then his eye had shifted and he was experiencing double vision.
This is what the ANC-government did to SA’s health care! – Cancer patients in KZN must wait up to six months for mammogram screening
Health MEC Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo is on record calling for people to get screened for early detection of cancers.
And late last month, the national and provincial health departments launched a cancer campaign to educate people that many cancers were preventable or could be “successfully” treated through early detection and timeous treatment.
However, more concerns about the KwaZulu-Natal oncology crisis have been raised by advocacy groups after revelations that the waiting period for a mammogram screening is currently more than six months.
At least four women have told the Daily News that they will undergo screening between May 9 and 16 next year. Three said they had gone to uMlazi’s Prince Mshiyeni Memorial Hospital “some months ago” concerned about lumps in their breasts, and to their shock were told to return in May next year for mammograms.
The ANC has no cure for the sickly state of health care in the Free State. Year after year the Auditor General (AG) diagnoses the Free State Department of Health with a serious case of poor leadership, mismanagement and maladministration. Year after year, the people of the Free State see no improvement in health care.
An example of the poor management is the Department’s appointment of a local service provider that was outsourced to address health care challenges. The service provider was supposed to use the Department’s mobile clinics to focus on efficiency, coverage, specialisation and value for money.
Tags: ANC, departement van gesondheid, Department of Health, Free State, Free State Department of Health, Freedom Front Plus, government, Health, health care crises, Healthcare, healthcare system, maladministration, mismanagement, mobile clinics, National Health Insurance, poor leadership, South Africa	
Twenty-one mental health patients who were part of the individuals transferred from Life Esidimeni healthcare facility to illegal NGOs are still missing.
In 2015, former Gauteng MEC of Health Qedani Mahlangu terminated a contract with the private hospital, saying it has become expensive to keep them there.
The Democratic Alliance’s Jack Bloom says it is worrying that they have not been found after they have been missing for so long.
“The MEC for health has said that the Special Investigating Unit has been brought in to investigate. I think this is very good because some of these patients could’ve died at these NGOs and be secretly buried.”
Meanwhile, the spokesperson of the Gauteng MEC, Lesemang Matuka, says the department is concerned and it is pleading with the public to assist them in finding the patients.
The Mpumalanga health department on Tuesday said it launched an internal investigation into the deaths of two babies, who died at Shongwe Hospital in Nkomazi after they were born prematurely.
Department spokesperson Dumisani Malamule told the African News Agency (ANA) that the babies died on Monday night.
“There were suspicions at the beginning that the babies died due to a lack of oxygen, but we called in a company which established that the oxygen was enough,” said Malamule.
“The babies died in a ward of babies who were born prematurely and no one has been suspended. The outcome of the investigation will give us an idea on whether an action must be taken. If the investigation reveals that the deaths were due to a human error, a criminal case will also be opened with the police.”
Malamule could not immediately reveal the ages of the dead babies nor disclose whether they were twins. He said the member of the executive council (MEC) for health, Sasek
New study at Stellenbosch University will look at synthetic blood products for the resuscitation of trauma victims
A large, multi-institutional clinical trial conducted by emergency medicine experts from Stellenbosch University (SU), in partnership with United States Department of Defence, will evaluate the use of synthetic blood products for the resuscitation of trauma victims before arrival at hospital.
The Division of Emergency Medicine at SU’s Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences will be the coordinating centre for the study, which includes 21 hospitals and 27 ambulance bases across South Africa. These include public and private academic institutions and healthcare facilities. For this study, SU is also partnering with the Universities of Cape Town (UCT), KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN), Witwatersrand (Wits) and Pretoria (UP), collectively representing the body of academic emergency medicine in South Africa.

I love my profession, as it allows me to help my patients and to help relieve their suffering. I entered the medical field because it is a profession where you can make a difference in people’s lives. I joined Kaiser Permanente in 2003.
I practice outpatient general psychiatry and addiction psychiatry. I am very interested in women's health through the different phases of their lives. I like direct communication with our members and always encourage them to contact me if needed. I also have a leadership role which I combine with my clinical practice.
I believe in keeping a balance in life and I always want to practice what I advise for our members. I believe that unless you have created a balance in your life, you cannot be effective for your patients.I am an early riser and go to bed early. I exercise every morning for 30 minutes before I go to work and try to eat healthy foods. I continue to work on stress management, as I know that stress can impact life quality. For me, life is dynamic and I like to make small positive changes every day to keep improving and moving forward.

Attempting to upgrade SmarterTrack from 13.1.6746 to 14.1.6773 using MysQL(server version 5.7) on shared hosting and getting an error:
With the limited info, this looks like it could be an issue with the storage of the schema version. In order to properly assist you we recommend opening a support ticket for personalized support.
If you are reverting back without using a Database backup from before the update, there will be issues. SmarterTrack 14 changed the way related items are stored in the Database, so rolling back without that backup will cause issues with your related items.
New SmarterMail BETA Release Available - Build 6885Announcement by Derek Curtis-November 7SmarterTrack 14.1.6885 Now AvailableAnnouncement by Andrea Rogers-November 7SmarterTrack 13.1.6884 Now AvailableAnnouncement by Andrea Rogers-November 7Upgrade to 10x fails to load ticket content: An item with the same key has already been added.Problem reported by Robert LaMear-September 24, 2014error upgrading databaseProblem reported by Poin Dexter-November 17, 2016


Adult Tube features all the best Free Porn videos starring your favorite pornstars and hardcore amateurs! Thousands of horny sluts fucking and sucking for your approval as they earn your affection with each new naughty porn tube video and become popular by going full hardcore in front of our HD cameras! dahabfestival.info - The best resource with BBW, Chubby, Busty porn pictures and galleries. Free BBW galleries: Updated Hourly!
Newest collection of free teens porn galleries with lot of perfect sexy girls xxx photos, best young sex and horny babes pictures. Categorized sex galleries with different naked women such as tempting housewives, amateur girls, sexy girlfriends and of course curvy models and pornstars! All of these women have great lust for hardcore fucking and they want expose big breasts and round asses in hot sex photos!
dahabfestival.info - The best resource with BBW, Chubby, Busty porn pictures and galleries. Free BBW galleries: Updated Hourly! Free porn at Amateur Cutie Pictures / Movies 's of free pictures and 's GB of movies. Warning: This site contains adult material and links that are suitable for viewing by .
Cute gay boys fucking movies. Hot teen boys suck big twinks cocks. Best free gay movie galleries. Teen gay boys fucked by horny gay twink boys with huge uncut dicks. Find the best quality naked Asia teens and women in Asian porn today.
Handsome twinks stroking their small cock, sucking delicious thin dicks, taking huge boners in nasty pink mouth, inviting in tasty boyfriend asses Look hd videos only on our free twinks tube: dahabfestival.info We have a huge searchable list of kik users that want to chat and sext , looking to exchange kik nudes or a steamy kik sexting sex teen nudes French. 0. 2.
Everything You Hoped For he was always a big fan of the Digimon Her hopes were still proudly displaying how much she wanted him to masturbate while.
Free fat porn tube. Sexy chubby girls getting naughty and fucking really hard. Watch our favorite fatties do the nasty banging. Enjoy your favorite BBW videos and feel like you are taking a part yourself in this amazing banging action with the most hot and chubby .
Colin Bird wheel back chair sold on ebay for $153 50 from Dollhouse Rocking Chair , source:pinterest.com

FLOWERS EXPO, one of the most beautiful events of the Moscow autumn opened its doors September 13 in Crocus Expo IEC. The event is enjoyed not only by professional community but by all fans of flowers and plants.
The list of events of the business program of the International Festival of promotion and advertising technologies ProMediaTech which will start its work January 17 in Crocus Expo is available at the official web site of the project.

So sorry to hear that Eliza Lucas Pinckney and Edgar Allan Poe were sick, St. Michael was saving someone in Greenville and Jane Goodall was too busy with the apes.
Cable entry possible from above or below; the cable entry opening can be sealed with two brush strips each, resp. can be used to assemble fan

The foundation seeks to foster the efforts of a small number of Chicago, Illinois organizations in their efforts to assist students in grades 6 through 12 achieve school success. The goal is to increase the number of students graduating from Chicago Public Schools.

Play the City returned to Khayelitsha on the 20th of November, 2015 for a second session to test and gain opinions about the current Spatial Development Framework for Khayelitsha’s CBD.
A group of local stakeholders in Cape Town, aim for collaborative solutions by engaging with design of the Khayelitsha Business District, using a game called Play Khayelitsha.
Robert van Kats and Remco Rolvink discuss solutions for a leading African city, globalisation of architecture and the stories told by Lagos architecture.
Robert van Kats and Remco Rolvink discuss solutions for a leading African city, how water plays a significant role and the privatisation of water in Lagos.
Robert van Kats and Remco Rolvink discuss solutions for a leading African city and how the DASUDA are starting to take action.
This week’s Voice of the City is Cape Town-based journalist and photographer, Yazeed Kamaldien, who is at the heart of reporting major news in Cape Town and the world.
Many mayors are impressive figures and time appears to be on their side. Nation states (particularly the large ones) have an increasingly hard time and, in the context of a process of globalization, cities, and particularly small city-states, increasingly emerge victorious. Cities have first-hand experience with many of the things that occur in globalization’s wake, such as immigration and cultural and religious diversity, and are generally less dogmatic and more practical in dealing with them.
Governing the rich world’s greenest capital city is Frank Jensen’s day job. In our moment with the man who has overseen a sustained rise in bike modal share in Copenhagen, we asked a question that goes beyond the better-known metrics: how does Denmark build the consensus that is required to think and plan long-term, and to make collective sacrifices for the collective good?


Rome, my first European love, changed my life forever. My first impressions of the Italian city in photos.
Cats make their home in some of Rome’s historical sites like the Coliseum. Adored by photo snapping tourists, these cats hardly live an ideal life.
My time in Rome had come to an end and I was about to begin a new adventure in Soriano Nel Cimino, Italy. It was a charming, picturesque, medieval town that promised an exciting time of food, wine, cooking, and touring.
On my third and last day in Rome, I visited several famous sites, was subjected to a series of unfortunate events, and made myself happy again with good food and wine.
On my second day in Rome, I explored the neighborhood surrounding the hotel, visited the Vatican, and ate a pizzeria and wine bar called Gusto.
I arrived in Rome, Italy to check into my my beautiful hotel, catch up on sleep, and have my first authentic Italian meal.
Brooklyn heavy metal band Unlocking the Truth has signed a 1.7 million dollar record contract with Sony.
The band, comprised of three 8th graders, first made waves in Times Square and their performances quickly went viral.
The band, made up of guitarist Malcolm Brickhouse, 13, bassist Alec Atkins, 13, and drummer Jarad Dawkins, 12, was founded in 2007 and has been riding the lightning to metal fame thanks to a steady run of heavy-beyond-their-years busking in Times Square and Washington Square Park . Now the Daily News reports that the boys have finalized a deal with Sony that could net them as much as $1.7 million over a possible 6 albums.
“What started out as play dates went to Times Square and now this. It’s been one great thing after another,” Dawkins’s mother, Tabatha, told the News. The boys competed in the Apollo Theater’s amateur night (under the name Tears of Blood, no less) and have unleashed their middle-school riffage at venues like Webster Hall and the Coachella music festival. Unlocking the Truth is currently touring the country as a part of the Vans Warped Tour and recently took time off from pre-algebra class to open for Gun N Roses in Las Vegas.
National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) – Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS)
In 2011, David created 4strong Sports Performance attracting athletes from across the country to his chicagoland location. Following two successful years of 4strong, David partnered with Dr. Josh Akin to form Chicago Sports Institute. David and Dr. Akin created Chicago Sports Institute with the goal of becoming the premier sports performance and sports medicine facility in the Midwest.
Michael grew up in Mundelein, Illinois where he played Peewee to Midget Major CSDHL hockey for the Falcons Hockey Organization. In high school he trained under Chicago Sports Institute‘s Owner and Director of Sports Performance David Hollinger. During his time training with David, he developed a strong interest in sports performance training and decided to pursue a degree in Exercise Science.
Michael attended Eastern Illinois University where he played hockey for four years. During this time he lead the team in scoring three out of his four years. He was the assistant captain for his junior year and captain for his senior year. During these two years he was also elected team president and took over all operations of the team.
His senior year he received the All-Conference award for his outstanding play. In 2013 Michael earned a Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology with a concentration in Exercise Science. Following graduation Michael had the opportunity to intern under David Hollinger where he assisted in training athletes of all levels from junior high to the professional level.
Michael is a Certified Fascial Stretch Therapist (CFST) and is a Level 3 Certified Strength Coach through the Poliquin International Certification Program. His goals are to put his clients in the best position possible to achieve and go beyond their set goals. His passion for hockey has given Michael the drive to create a specialized elite hockey performance training program for players of all ages in the Midwest who are looking to take their game to the next level.
James is from Niles, Illinois where he grew up and played both baseball and football at Niles West High School. Towards the end of his high school career, he experienced a lower back injury that prevented him from continuing his participation in athletics. Since then, he became highly interested in sports performance, injury rehabilitation and improving performance in other athletes.
During his years in college, James had the opportunity in coaching youth football for the Chicago Bears Youth Football camp for three summers. During the summers, he coached many young athletes in developing sport specific skills as well as balance and coordination.
James attended Eastern Illinois University where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology with a concentration in Exercise Science. Immediately following graduation, he interned with the strength and conditioning coach from Niles West High School. He had the privilege of training and working with high school sports teams, including football, baseball, basketball, track and volleyball.
James’ goals are to help clients prevent injuries, achieve their set goals, and to bring out the full potential in each individual. James is a Level 2 Certified Strength Coach through the Poliquin International Certification Program.
Collegiate Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association – Strength and Conditioning Coach Certified (SCCC)
Jackson is a performance coach with the Chicago Sports Institute. He has had the privilege of training current and former athletes in the NHL, MLB and NBA as well as athletes in numerous other sports at the high school and collegiate level. He is a certified strength and conditioning coach through the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA) and the Collegiate Strength and Conditioning Coaches Association (CSCCa). He is also a Precision Nutrition Certified Level 1 Coach and is Level 1 certified in Reflexive Performance Reset (RPR).
Jackson was born and raised in Portland, Maine. He went to Springfield College in Massachusetts where he earned a Bachelors Degree in Applied Exercise Science while playing basketball for two years. During this time he interned at the Orthopedic Associates Performance Center in Saco, Maine and with the Boston College Strength and Conditioning Department for Olympic Sports. After Springfield he worked as a graduate assistant strength and conditioning coach at Southeast Missouri State University (SEMO) while earning his Masters Degree in athletic administration. After SEMO he worked as an assistant strength coach at Nicholls State University in Louisiana with men’s basketball and golf before moving and working as a performance coach at Catalyst Strength and Functional Nutrition in St. Louis.
University of Wisconsin: La Crosse – B.S. Exercise Sports Science: Sports Management, Minor – Recreation Management, Concentration – Strength and Conditioning
Phil, a Performance Coach with Chicago Sports Institute is a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS), a Poliquin Certified Coach (PICP) and is certified as a Precision Nutritionist (PN-1). Phil has been coaching professional, college, and elite athletes as well as active individuals since 2006.
Phil grew up in Southwest Wisconsin where he was a three-sport athlete throughout his years at Riverdale High School. Phil attended University of Wisconsin-Lacrosse, where he majored in sports management, with a minor in recreational management and a concentration in strength and conditioning. When Phil wasn’t in class, he was either playing rugby or powerlifting. With his expertise in sports management he quickly became the president of these organizations, and through his diligent work brought them to new heights. Phil’s experiences in college helped him obtain an internship at Athletes Performance in Arizona, where he worked as a strength and conditioning coach with MLB and NFL players.
After this experience, Phil moved to Chicago to work for Poliquin Performance Center as a strength and conditioning coach.
John has helped many athletes progress to the next level from youth to professional and elite amateurs. He has trained athletes in 23 different sports. John has had the privilege of training athletes from the NFL, NHL, NBA, AHL, ECHL, NCAA, AFL, and Lega Basket Series A (Italian professional basketball). He has also trained athletes on national and/or Olympic teams in volleyball, hockey, sailing, speed skating and alpine skiing. Before coming to Chicago Sports Institute, John was a strength and conditioning coach at Poliquin Performance Center Chicago. Prior to that John was the Director of Sports Performance for the Institute of Sports Excellence in Logan Utah.
John received his Masters Degree in Exercise Science from Utah State University. His thesis research, investigating the effects of stretching opposing muscle groups on strength and power was published in the prestigious Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research. He received his Bachelors Degree from Utah State University in Physical Education. John is a Level 3 Certified Strength Coach through the Poliquin International Certification Program. This certification requires an athlete whom the coach has trained to place in the top 10 percentile a national or international competition. He is also a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist through the National Strength and Conditioning Association. He also completed the Sports Performance Coach certification with United States Weightlifting.
Sterling was born and raised in Central Florida where he was introduced to ice hockey at a young age. He played competitive travel and junior hockey through high school, traveling the country and winning multiple state titles. During his senior year of high school, Sterling decided to switch gears and focus on training for the military. While in the Service, his passion for strength training and performance grew ultimately leading him to pursue a career as a performance coach following his time in the Service.
Sterling’s background has taught him the value of hard work. His goal is to pass that mindset on to his clients to help them achieve their goals in the gym, on the field, or in life. Sterling is a Level 1 Certified Strength Coach through the Poliquin international Certification Program.
Alex is from Mount Prospect, Illinois where he grew up and played both baseball and basketball at John Hersey High School.
During his years in college, Alex had the opportunity to coach summer basketball camps at his high school both on the court and in the weight room. During the summers, he coached many young athletes in developing sport specific skills as well as strength training.
Alex attended Western Illinois University where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology in Exercise Science with a minor in Nutrition. During his undergraduate years, Alex interned with the UIC Strength and Conditioning department where he had the privilege of training and working with various Division I teams such as Men’s Basketball, Women’s Basketball, Women’s Volleyball, and Men’s and Women’s Swimming & Diving. While finishing his undergraduate degree, he interned with Northwestern University’s Sports Performance department. He had the privilege of training and working with Big Ten Division I teams, including Men’s Basketball, Baseball, Wrestling, Women’s Volleyball, Women’s Soccer, and Men’s Swimming. Alex is a Level 1 Certified Sport Performance Coach through USA Weightlifting.
Today, I received the Green Economics Award at the Indian Institute of Management in Shillong. See photos from my time at IIM below: It’s an honor to receive this award.
it’s already sunny in LA! We’re going away to Santa Barbara for the weekend to make some cool shoots and to enjoy holidays.
I love the simple, stylish, comfort in this look. Jeez 6am and already that much sun, if only NYC if only.
There is such beauty in the simplicity of this outfit! You look so lovely. Glad you are having a wonderful time in L.A.!
Honestly, this is one of my favourite outfits of you so far.Since its very minimalistic, casual and you are looking great in it :)xx
Great casual outfit, love the stripes & those shoes are GORGEOUS! Enjoy your weekend Denni! I'm sure you will have lots of fun!
That casual look is fab on you! So pretty! And those shoes!! They're a whole different story 🙂 I LIKE!! XO Raspberry & Rouge

Sofware-as-a-Service is a form of a cloud services platform, whereby the computing platform (operating system and associated services) is delivered as a service over the Internet by the provider.
Each entry has three shadows which must be combined to obtain the defined effect for that elevation.
Offers legal and civic education, legal services, provides service-provider training and works to address human rights violations.
Offers legal services, legal education and awareness, and training for women to help access and control economic resources, and confront violence.
Independant women organisation aimed at promoting policies and strategies for alleviating poverty for undeprivileged Zimbabwean women.
Offers women assistance in the form of training and entrepreneurial assistance to help them develop their business and entrepreneurial skills.
The WCoZ is a network of women rights activists and women’s organizations with national structures. The WCoZ is a forum where women meet to engage in collective activism on issues affecting women and girls in Zimbabwe. Its central role is to provide a focal point for activism on women and girl’s rights.
Camfed is an international non-profit organization tackling poverty and inequality by supporting marginalized girls to go to school and succeed, and empowering young women to step up as leaders of change.
Offers relief to survivors of gender-based violence. It's operations are based on providing services, advocacy, social transformation and peace-building.
Musasa offers relief to survivors of gender-based violence. It's operations are based on providing services, advocacy, social transformation and peace-building.
An organization of women helping women to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS and domestic violence in Zimbabwe and to enjoy their full sexual and reproductive health rights.
Offers assistance for women in need, in the fields of sexual and reproductive health and rights, communication and advocacy.
Women's Action Group is a non-governmental organisation whose work centers around empowering women and girls to enjoy their rights in violence free and rights conscious communities.
Provides legal aid, support and awareness to refugees, including refugees who have faced gender based violence.
Please fill out the form so we can review your request. Once approved, we will send you a PayPal invoice. We will try our best to accommodate your preferred schedule date. If we are unable to accommodate your preference, we will notify you via email and verify the new date before invoicing. Thank you for sponsoring your feature with Diverse Romance!

The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of Joane Mack can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
Come up and experience the solar eclipse on the Roof! You'll have a clear view of the sky in action at the largest Rooftop venue in uptown! All ages are welcome
Fall brings cooler temperatures, the beginning of a new school year, pumpkin-flavored treats galore and the return of football season. Along with these fall favorites, October brings a sea of pink, marking the arrival of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Pink appears everywhere, from the grocery store to the NFL football field.
Many organizations have aided in breast cancer research, advocacy and education, and Solis Mammography, the nation’s largest independent provider of breast screening services, applauds this important work. Since 1982, the pink ribbon has been associated with breast cancer awareness and has made it acceptable for men and women to talk more openly about women’s breast health.
With the rise in advocacy and awareness, still very little is reported on mammography during the month of October. Per the American Cancer Society, mammography is the “single, most effective method of early detection in the fight against breast cancer.” Mammograms can detect breast health concerns long before any physical symptoms, such as lumps, become apparent to a woman performing a self-exam or even to a trained physician conducting a manual exam. Annual mammography provides women the opportunity to find any issue at its earliest possible stage, thus reducing the cost, invasiveness and anxiety associated with later stage diagnosis.
And yet, the sad reality is that almost half of insurance-carrying American women, do not get their annual mammogram. This is especially concerning since, with the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, 2-D mammography is covered 100 percent by nearly all insurance plans. Additionally, Medicare and nearly all of the major private insurers are now also covering 3-D mammography at 100 percent.
With more than 700,000 procedures forecasted this year, Solis Mammography emphasizes October as a time to remind women to be proactive about their breast health. “Simply put, mammography is the closest thing we have to a cure. The difference between early stage diagnosis, which is caught in annual screening mammograms beginning at age 40, and later stage diagnosis is astonishing. Just imagine catching an anomaly at the size of a pea versus the size of a walnut,” said Connie Oliver, vice president of marketing for Solis Mammography.
Since football is in the air, and because Solis Mammography is steadfast in its belief that the best offense in the fight against breast cancer is a great defense (early detection), they created a Breast Health Playbook.
Know the difference between 2-D and 3-D mammography. While conventional 2-D mammography was a significant step forward for its time, it has been dramatically surpassed by the improved technology of 3-D mammography (also known as digital breast tomosynthesis.) It is the best and most advanced technology for early detection of breast cancer. In 2013, peer-reviewed research, co-authored by Solis Mammography’s Chief Medical Officer Dr. Stephen Rose, demonstrated that 3-D mammography increases early detection of breast cancer by 54 percent and decreases recall rates by 37 percent.
Women should check their insurance plan for 3-D mammography coverage. While Medicare and most private insurance companies now cover 3-D, be sure to ask and make sure. Also, regardless which provider you choose, make sure they offer 3-D mammography screening.
If visiting a new facility, have previous mammography scans sent to them. The films are electronic, and this should be an easy process. At Solis Mammography, they’ll retrieve the records for you, upon request.
While health is important year-round, October is a time to take stock of friends and loved ones – especially those who might be reticent to get their mammogram. Encourage them to get their screening; offer to go with them; and help them understand the benefits of early detection.
A mammogram in not just a mammogram. In the search for the right provider (because patients DO have a choice), find a facility that is a dedicated to breast screening. Make sure the center is staffed by fellowship-trained or dedicated breast radiologists (radiologists who read a high volume of both screening and diagnostic mammograms). Also ask if they employ “batch reading” (a process of interpreting screening mammograms without interruption, ensuring the most accurate results.) And finally, ask if the radiologist is trained and experienced at reading 3-D mammography.
For any exam, it is best to arrive 15 minutes before your scheduled appointment time to prepare. Patients should bring their insurance cards, driver’s license and the name of the physician to whom results should be sent.
Ask the facility when and how patients will be notified of their results. Solis Mammography understands the anxiety that often accompanies waiting for the mammogram result which is why they deliver results via secure email within 24 to 48 hours of your visit.
Solis Mammography recommends women wear a two-piece outfit on the day of their mammogram, as they will be asked to remove their top garments only. The facility will provide women with a wrap or robe to wear.
On the day of the appointment, don’t wear deodorant, antiperspirant, lotion, or perfume. Some of these items contain substances that can show up on the X-ray as white spots. It is recommended for patients to bring these items with them to put on after the mammogram.
Remember, a strong defense is the best offense in the fight against breast cancer. When a woman participates in her breast health by getting regular, annual mammograms, she ensures that should any issue ever be detected, it will be at its smallest possible size and thus easiest to treat. The average size of an anomaly found through annual mammograms is the size of a pea. The average size of an anomaly found through occasional self-exam is the size of a walnut. This size difference can and does have a dramatic impact on both treatment options, cost, and long-term outcome.
This October, Solis Mammography wants to create a movement of action and invites everyone to be proactive in their individual quest for breast health. Women need to not only get their own mammogram every year beginning at age 40, but also talk to friends, family, and loved ones to encourage them to do the same. If patients and providers alike do their job with mammogram awareness, then wellness and prevention in breast health will outpace the need for invasive healthcare treatment. Together, we can turn Team Awareness into Team Action and score significant strides in the fight for breast health.
Approximately 3.698 acres located on the east side of Statesville Road between Cindy Lane and Nevin Road.
If you just coast through your days, the natural trajectory will be downward, not upward. There is nobody to tell you when to take a break and when to call it a day. There is nobody to bounce ideas off of or to chat with at the water cooler. And if you work from home and work for yourself, there is no company retirement plan already set up for you, and your taxes are not automatically withheld.
Great piece by Shawn Blanc with thoughts on working from home, specifically for those who run their own businesses. There are some great tips for budgeting, separating work and family, and many other issues that freelancers and small business owners might run into.
Consulting, Research and Business Services (6) Apply Consulting, Research and Business Services filter
Marketing, Advertising and Creative Services (6) Apply Marketing, Advertising and Creative Services filter
I can help you with many elements of business operations ranging from small entrepreneur projects to large corporation practices and systems. View Mentor Profile
Strengths are in franchising, and strategies for building and expanding companies. View Mentor Profile
Owner and partner in a large plumbing, heating and air-conditioning distributor in the Philadelphia Area. View Mentor Profile
Experience in retail, 36 years as an entrepreneur, 26 years as a Realtor, certified volunteer financial counselor, major corporation product manager including establishing internat View Mentor Profile
Business management professional with 20+ years of experience leading associates in SMB and Fortune 30 companies across a variety of industries; committed to developing sustai View Mentor Profile
I specialize in Cashflow, and being prepared for leveraged positions. I work to reduce risks caused by not knowing the right way to go at the start. View Mentor Profile
As a Senior Business Consultant, Certifed Business Coach, Small Business Owner and Investor I offer Business Solutions that will… • Increase Profit View Mentor Profile
My mission is to help you succeed in your business start up or helping you improve the profitability of your current business. View Mentor Profile
By listening to each client, giving a 100 percent of my attention so I provide a very honest answer. View Mentor Profile
Industry Experience in Banking, Homeowner Services and Home Improvement, Transportation and Warehousing. View Mentor Profile
Chattanooga Gas is proud to offer career opportunities in a variety of technical, administrative and professional fields.
We value employees with fresh ideas, tenacity and the drive to advance. We encourage a strong work/life balance and are committed to investing time and resources to help our employees meet their career goals while promoting our corporate values of integrity, dignity, honesty and respect.
At Chattanooga Gas, we are committed to creating and encouraging a diverse and inclusive work environment. We recognize and support the value of differences in people and encourage all employees to reach their full potential. We believe that a diverse and inclusive work environment is essential to being an employer of choice and ensures us a competitive business advantage. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Learn more about diversity and inclusion.

I reinforced the two fabrics with the above vieseline a little stiff and I doubled the liner with quilted vieseline for more soft!

Luxurious elegance is one way to describe this decadent Del Mar office set. Designed to impress, it will create a beautiful look in any executive office space. This set includes a bowfront desk, a kneehole credenza with a glass door hutch, wardrobe cabinets and kneehole cabinet. The Del Mar bowfront desk is constructed of hardwood solids and veneers and the top is accented with .25" inlay of Sapele Pommele veneers set off by ebony borders and quartered cherry veneer bands. The desk includes file drawers that accommodate letter or legal hanging files, kneehole locking pedestals, and cable grommets in pedestal ends. All drawers are suspended on fully extending, metal, ball bearing slides allowing easy access to the entire drawer. The file drawers are equipped with metal rods for side to side letter or front to back legal hanging files. This desk also comes with adjustable levelers for uneven floors. Cable grommets are strategically located to facilitate neat and easy cable management. The Del Mar kneehole credenza is constructed of wood and wood veneers with a Sedona Cherry finish. The top is accented with 1/4" inlay of Sapele Pommele veneers set off by ebony borders and quartered cherry veneer bands. Base and crown moldings make this a beautiful standalone piece of furniture. This credenza features a feltlined center drawer with a hinged dropfront for use as a utility or keyboard drawer; and it includes a pencil tray. Each pedestal has 1 feltlined box with a pencil tray, one box drawer, and one file drawer. One pedestal locks via the kneehole for security. All drawers are suspended on fully extending, metal, ball bearing slides allowing easy access to the entire drawer. The file drawers are equipped with metal rods for side to side letter or front to back legal hanging files. Also includes adjustable levelers for uneven floors. Cable grommets are strategically located to facilitate neat and easy cable management. The Del Mar wardrobe cabinet is constructe 16038
Luxurious elegance is one way to describe this decadent Del Mar office set. Designed to impress, it will create a beautiful look in any executive office space. This set includes a bowfront desk, a kneehole credenza with a glass door hutch, wardrobe cabinets and kneehole cabinet. The Del Mar bowfront desk is constructed of hardwood solids and veneers and the top is accented with .25" inlay of Sapele Pommele veneers set off by ebony borders and quartered cherry veneer bands. The desk includes file drawers that accommodate letter or legal hanging files, kneehole locking pedestals, and cable grommets in pedestal ends. All drawers are suspended on fully extending, metal, ball bearing slides allowing easy access to the entire drawer. The file drawers are equipped with metal rods for side to side letter or front to back legal hanging files. This desk also comes with adjustable levelers for uneven floors. Cable grommets are strategically located to facilitate neat and easy cable management. The Del Mar kneehole credenza is constructed of wood and wood veneers with a Sedona Cherry finish. The top is accented with 1/4" inlay of Sapele Pommele veneers set off by ebony borders and quartered cherry veneer bands. Base and crown moldings make this a beautiful standalone piece of furniture. This credenza features a feltlined center drawer with a hinged dropfront for use as a utility or keyboard drawer; and it includes a pencil tray. Each pedestal has 1 feltlined box with a pencil tray, one box drawer, and one file drawer. One pedestal locks via the kneehole for security. All drawers are suspended on fully extending, metal, ball bearing slides allowing easy access to the entire drawer. The file drawers are equipped with metal rods for side to side letter or front to back legal hanging files. Also includes adjustable levelers for uneven floors. Cable grommets are strategically located to facilitate neat and easy cable management. The Del Mar wardrobe cabinet is constructe 16038 1
Equip your executive office with contemporary style, professionalism, ample storage and work space with this executive office suite. Any office will be complete with the double pedestal desk, extensive storage wall, executive chair and two guest chairs that are included in this set. The executive desk (84"W x 42"D x 29.5"H) features a thermally fused laminate finish that won't scratch or stain with a 3mm PVC matching edge. The left pedestal features two box drawers and one hanging file drawer. Two additional file drawers that can support both letter or legal hanging files are found on the right pedestal. All pedestal drawers lock for security (lock found on bottom file drawer on each pedestal). The bow front and full modesty panel give this contemporary desk a professional and classic feel that will complete the look of any office. The storage wall (114"W x 20"D x 71.5"H) has five open shelves (24"W x 24"D x 65"H, four of the shelves are adjustable) that are great for keeping books, binders or displaying decorative items. Next to the open shelves on each side are two double doored storage modules (16"W x 24"D x 65"H) that enclose two adjustable shelves (doors lock). Between the doors are five open cavities perfect for using as letter trays. The credenza (72"W x 24"D x 29"H) features two opposite storage units (each 36"W x 23.4"D x 28"H). The right unit has two box drawers on the right, a hanging file drawer on the left and a lateral hanging file drawer on the bottom. The left unit has a two drawer lateral file cabinet. All file drawers lock separately and can hold either letter or legal files. Above the credenza surface are four cubby holes that are great for keeping catalogs or paperwork for easy access. Completing this storage wall is a hutch (72"W x 15"D x 54.9"H) with four frosted doors (doors lock). One fixed shelf and one adjustable shelf are found behind the doors. Classic styling and fine details combine in the high back executive chair (25"W x 25"D x 4.
Add contemporary style to an executive office without giving away functionality with this executive office suite. Any office will be complete with the double pedestal desk and extensive storage wall that are included in this set. Laminate finishes on the work surfaces ensure this set is durable and will stand up to years of use while keeping its great appearance. The executive desk (84"W x 42"D x 29.5"H) features a thermally fused laminate finish that won't scratch or stain with a 3mm PVC matching edge. The left pedestal features two box drawers and one hanging file drawer. Two additional file drawers that can support both letter or legal hanging files are found on the right pedestal. All pedestal drawers lock for security (lock found on bottom file drawer on each pedestal). The bow front and full modesty panel give this contemporary desk a professional and classic feel that will complete the look of any office. Everything will have a place with the extensive storage wall (114"W x 20"D x 71.5"H). The storage drawers, hanging file drawers, open shelves, hidden shelves and surface space will turn any private office into an organized and functional space. On both ends of the unit are five open shelves (24"W x 24"D x 65"H, four of the shelves are adjustable) that are great for keeping books, binders or displaying decorative items. Next to the open shelves on each side are two double doored storage modules (16"W x 24"D x 65"H) that enclose two adjustable shelves. Between the doors are five open cavities perfect for using as letter trays. All four doors lock separately for security. The credenza (72"W x 24"D x 29"H) features two opposite storage units each measuring 36"W x 23.4"D x 28"H. The right unit has two box drawers on the right, a hanging file drawer on the left and a lateral hanging file drawer on the bottom. The left unit has a two drawer lateral file cabinet. All file drawers lock separately and can hold either letter or legal files. Above the credenza surfa.
LDesk with Left Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Left LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86131
LDesk with Left Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Left LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86131 1
LDesk with Left Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Left LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86131 2
LDesk with Left Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Left LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86131 3
LDesk with Right Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Right LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86130
LDesk with Right Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Right LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86130 1
LDesk with Right Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Right LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86130 2
LDesk with Right Return Set features timeless craftsmanship and quality. Features include prominent cornice and satin nickel hardware. Finished in rich Amber Cherry, Cordovan, and Mocha veneers, the Escalade line reflects the extraordinary qualities that set you apart from the rest. Set includes the Right LDesk, two drawer lateral file, seton two door hutch with wood doors, and four drawer lateral file. Outfitted with two utility drawers and three file drawers that lock. Drawers have full extension glides and accommodate for letter or legal documents. Grommets holes are installed for wire management. Lateral files lock and feature an antitip mechanism. Full extension drawers can store both letter and legal sized documents. The twodoor hutch fits nicely on the twodoor lateral file cabinet. Two of the four shelves in the bookcase are adjustable. Ships fully assembled. This is a custommade item and is not returnable. This product has been Level certified. Level certified means the product, production processes, and the manufacturer have met sustainability standards through a multiattribute scorecard. The scorecard takes into account materials, energy and atmosphere, human and ecosystem health, and social responsibility. 86130 3
Add rich, traditional elegance to your home office with this European executive office set. The set comes with n executive desk, a credenza and a hutch, everything you need to work in convenience and style. The set is constructed using rich hardwood solids and wood veneers to achieve a truly regal appearance as well as reliable durability. Intricately carved details and side moldings create an eyecatching look that's sure to grab the attention of your visitors. The European Renaissance II executive desk (72"W x 37.25"D x 30.75"H) features picture frame detailed side panels and metal hardware. It has two pullout writing slides and five total drawers, which include the following: two letter/legal hanging file drawers, two box drawers and one center drawer with a dropdown front that can be used as a keyboard tray. The matching credenza (76.5"W x 26.25"D x 30.5"H) and hutch (76.5"W x 19.25"D x 59.75"H) offer ample storage space to suit your working needs. The credenza includes a center drawer with a dropdown keyboard tray front (25"W x 12.5"D x 2.5"H), two utility drawers, a dropin writing insert, a lockable letter/legal hanging file drawer and one door that opens up to a storage area with an adjustable shelf and pullout printer tray (18"W x 17"D x 16"H). For increased storage, the hutch features two open shelves (one adjustable) for display purposes and six storage spaces behind doors for a more concealed storage option. A builtin power bar in the credenza includes two electrical outlets, a phone jack, high speed data ports and USB upstream and downstream. The hutch features a builtin canister light that illuminates your work surface space via a threeintensity touch switch. This eyecatching executive chair (27"W x 31"D x 43"H) includes an adjustable seat height mechanism that enables the user to position it to suit their preference. It has a hardwood frame and genuine leather upholstery for a touch of true luxury. Ships with partial assem 8802624
If you're looking to create a comfortable office space on a tight budget, consider the complete Contemporary Ldesk and conference room office suite. With three Ldesk workstations, lateral file storage island and an entire conference room grouping, each ready to assemble piece will save you money that can be better used elsewhere. Additionally, the attractive laminate surfaces are durable and easy to wipe clean without the use of expensive cleaners or buffers. This set includes three Ldesk workstations, eight lateral files, two bookcases, one presentation board, one conference table, two storage cabinets. Two handle styles are included so that you can personalize the look of your space. The Contemporary twodrawer lateral files (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) can hold letter or legalsized hanging files, and create a spacious surface for printers, inbox/outboxes and other necessary office supplies and equipment. The Contemporary storage cabinet (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) has one adjustable shelf behind two doors. The Contemporary Ldesks (66"W x 78"D x 29.5"H) each have one locking pedestal with two utility drawers and one letter/legal file drawer. The Contemporary bookcases (32"W x 14"D x 71"H) each have five shelves and are ideal for displaying resource literature or small decorations. Three of the shelves in each bookcase are adjustable, and each shelf can hold up to 70 lbs. The Contemporary conference table (71"W x 36"D x 29.5"H) seats up to six people comfortably. The Contemporary presentation board (48"W x 3.5"D x 48"H) has a whiteboard interior and each of the doors comes with tackable fabric so that presenters can easily display visual aids. Assembly required. Pedestals ships fully assembled. This product has been Greenguard certified to support better indoor air quality for offices, homes, schools and healthcare facilities. Products that are Greenguard certified are regularly tested to ensure that their chemical and particle emissions meet 14727
If you're looking to create a comfortable office space on a tight budget, consider the complete Contemporary Ldesk and conference room office suite. With three Ldesk workstations, lateral file storage island and an entire conference room grouping, each ready to assemble piece will save you money that can be better used elsewhere. Additionally, the attractive laminate surfaces are durable and easy to wipe clean without the use of expensive cleaners or buffers. This set includes three Ldesk workstations, eight lateral files, two bookcases, one presentation board, one conference table, two storage cabinets. Two handle styles are included so that you can personalize the look of your space. The Contemporary twodrawer lateral files (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) can hold letter or legalsized hanging files, and create a spacious surface for printers, inbox/outboxes and other necessary office supplies and equipment. The Contemporary storage cabinet (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) has one adjustable shelf behind two doors. The Contemporary Ldesks (66"W x 78"D x 29.5"H) each have one locking pedestal with two utility drawers and one letter/legal file drawer. The Contemporary bookcases (32"W x 14"D x 71"H) each have five shelves and are ideal for displaying resource literature or small decorations. Three of the shelves in each bookcase are adjustable, and each shelf can hold up to 70 lbs. The Contemporary conference table (71"W x 36"D x 29.5"H) seats up to six people comfortably. The Contemporary presentation board (48"W x 3.5"D x 48"H) has a whiteboard interior and each of the doors comes with tackable fabric so that presenters can easily display visual aids. Assembly required. Pedestals ships fully assembled. This product has been Greenguard certified to support better indoor air quality for offices, homes, schools and healthcare facilities. Products that are Greenguard certified are regularly tested to ensure that their chemical and particle emissions meet 14727 2
If you're looking to create a comfortable office space on a tight budget, consider the complete Contemporary Ldesk and conference room office suite. With three Ldesk workstations, lateral file storage island and an entire conference room grouping, each ready to assemble piece will save you money that can be better used elsewhere. Additionally, the attractive laminate surfaces are durable and easy to wipe clean without the use of expensive cleaners or buffers. This set includes three Ldesk workstations, eight lateral files, two bookcases, one presentation board, one conference table, two storage cabinets. Two handle styles are included so that you can personalize the look of your space. The Contemporary twodrawer lateral files (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) can hold letter or legalsized hanging files, and create a spacious surface for printers, inbox/outboxes and other necessary office supplies and equipment. The Contemporary storage cabinet (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) has one adjustable shelf behind two doors. The Contemporary Ldesks (66"W x 78"D x 29.5"H) each have one locking pedestal with two utility drawers and one letter/legal file drawer. The Contemporary bookcases (32"W x 14"D x 71"H) each have five shelves and are ideal for displaying resource literature or small decorations. Three of the shelves in each bookcase are adjustable, and each shelf can hold up to 70 lbs. The Contemporary conference table (71"W x 36"D x 29.5"H) seats up to six people comfortably. The Contemporary presentation board (48"W x 3.5"D x 48"H) has a whiteboard interior and each of the doors comes with tackable fabric so that presenters can easily display visual aids. Assembly required. Pedestals ships fully assembled. This product has been Greenguard certified to support better indoor air quality for offices, homes, schools and healthcare facilities. Products that are Greenguard certified are regularly tested to ensure that their chemical and particle emissions meet 14727 3
If you're looking to create a comfortable office space on a tight budget, consider the complete Contemporary Ldesk and conference room office suite. With three Ldesk workstations, lateral file storage island and an entire conference room grouping, each ready to assemble piece will save you money that can be better used elsewhere. Additionally, the attractive laminate surfaces are durable and easy to wipe clean without the use of expensive cleaners or buffers. This set includes three Ldesk workstations, eight lateral files, two bookcases, one presentation board, one conference table, two storage cabinets. Two handle styles are included so that you can personalize the look of your space. The Contemporary twodrawer lateral files (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) can hold letter or legalsized hanging files, and create a spacious surface for printers, inbox/outboxes and other necessary office supplies and equipment. The Contemporary storage cabinet (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) has one adjustable shelf behind two doors. The Contemporary Ldesks (66"W x 78"D x 29.5"H) each have one locking pedestal with two utility drawers and one letter/legal file drawer. The Contemporary bookcases (32"W x 14"D x 71"H) each have five shelves and are ideal for displaying resource literature or small decorations. Three of the shelves in each bookcase are adjustable, and each shelf can hold up to 70 lbs. The Contemporary conference table (71"W x 36"D x 29.5"H) seats up to six people comfortably. The Contemporary presentation board (48"W x 3.5"D x 48"H) has a whiteboard interior and each of the doors comes with tackable fabric so that presenters can easily display visual aids. Assembly required. Pedestals ships fully assembled. This product has been Greenguard certified to support better indoor air quality for offices, homes, schools and healthcare facilities. Products that are Greenguard certified are regularly tested to ensure that their chemical and particle emissions meet 14727 4
If you're looking to create a comfortable office space on a tight budget, consider the complete Contemporary Ldesk and conference room office suite. With three Ldesk workstations, lateral file storage island and an entire conference room grouping, each ready to assemble piece will save you money that can be better used elsewhere. Additionally, the attractive laminate surfaces are durable and easy to wipe clean without the use of expensive cleaners or buffers. This set includes three Ldesk workstations, eight lateral files, two bookcases, one presentation board, one conference table, two storage cabinets. Two handle styles are included so that you can personalize the look of your space. The Contemporary twodrawer lateral files (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) can hold letter or legalsized hanging files, and create a spacious surface for printers, inbox/outboxes and other necessary office supplies and equipment. The Contemporary storage cabinet (36"W x 22"D x 29.5"H) has one adjustable shelf behind two doors. The Contemporary Ldesks (66"W x 78"D x 29.5"H) each have one locking pedestal with two utility drawers and one letter/legal file drawer. The Contemporary bookcases (32"W x 14"D x 71"H) each have five shelves and are ideal for displaying resource literature or small decorations. Three of the shelves in each bookcase are adjustable, and each shelf can hold up to 70 lbs. The Contemporary conference table (71"W x 36"D x 29.5"H) seats up to six people comfortably. The Contemporary presentation board (48"W x 3.5"D x 48"H) has a whiteboard interior and each of the doors comes with tackable fabric so that presenters can easily display visual aids. Assembly required. Pedestals ships fully assembled. This product has been Greenguard certified to support better indoor air quality for offices, homes, schools and healthcare facilities. Products that are Greenguard certified are regularly tested to ensure that their chemical and particle emissions meet 14727 5
Buy 1 movie ticket on Fandango and receive a second ticket to the same show free when you use your Visa Signature card.
Buy a movie ticket on Fandango.com and you can donate a $1 to Feeding America during Hunger Action Month.
Posted by Alexandra Bellido on 2012-04-26 11:18:25 Concert is an event where singers, bands or other performing artist conduct shows for their fans and audience. They do live performances accompanied by a great production team. If you watch live concerts, definitely you expect to enjoy at you...
Posted by Alexandra Bellido on 2012-04-26 11:15:16 We experience in some part of our lives that we feel so depress because of our life challenges. However, there are many other other ways that although cannot solve our problems, but still can make us feel at ease and lessen the pain that we h...
Posted by Alexandra Bellido on 2012-04-26 11:09:41 What is Virtual Games? Virtual Games is also known as Online Gaming has greatly influenced by computer networks from small local networks to the Internet and the growth of Internet access itself. It is played over some form of computer netwo...

Looking incredible in a sheer lingerie body suit, Lia shows off the hot features like a crotchless bottom. As she frees her big breasts and peels off the clingy material, her hands are busy with quick caresses and gentle pinches. The short housewife is soon naked and ready to masturbate until she orgasms.

favorite this post Nov 13 Rain/Oil Lamp by Creators Inc. $150 (San Juan) pic map hide this posting restore restore this posting
favorite this post Nov 13 Dyson V6 Cord Free Origin Lightweight Vacuum $165 pic map hide this posting restore restore this posting

<DrBukkake> You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance and Germany doesn't want to go to war.
<jre> God is a racist. Look in the old testament and you'll find nothing but nationalistic hatred of others.
a smoking orb of nothing will grow above your head and from it will emerge a thousand starving crows.
As i slip through the widening maw in my new form, you will catch a glimbse of radiance before you are incinerated. Then as tears of bubbling pitch stream down my face, my work will begin.

The Gauteng Department of Health held disciplinary hearings in connection with 111 incidents where employment was offered for sale at the Bheki Mlangeni Hospital in Soweto.
Jack Bloom, DA’s spokesperson for health in Gauteng, said the shocking announcement was made in Gauteng by Ms. Gwen Ramokgopa in response to a question Bloom had addressed to her on Tuesday.
“She [Ramokgopa] said trade unions contributed to the announcement of this job scam and that the case was handed over to the Hawks for further investigation. Cases have also been filed with police over employees who have received money under the false pretense that they can get jobs at the hospital, “Bloom said in a statement.
According to Bloom, 111 cases, with the exception of eight, have already been finalized. It resulted in 98 employees being suspended, one employer being demote, a few dismissals and a resignation.

Mode is delighted with the Clayworks clay plasters: ‘I’m really amazed by the results. I love the fact that it’s water based and easy and affordable to maintain. It’s really brought uniqueness to my brand. It’s given my brand and identity something that is memorable. Thank you for that’.
The main character of this building is derived from the city of Lagos. Lagos has a harsh, forceful, yet conflicted presence that leaves a mark on anyone who comes in contact with the city. There are many places in Lagos that are very clean, but unkempt. Some roads are smooth and well-maintained, while others are barely passable. The ultra-rich and the extremely poor coexist in Lagos. It is a city of extremes. As an interpretation of Lagos, the outer area is white. It is bright, pristine, and immaculate. While you explore the space, you will encounter dynamic colours and materials that have been used to evoke the feeling of being in a space that is Nigerian.
The drastic change from white to terra cotta mimics the characteristic recklessness of Lagos, but facilitates a transition into a different world. Abeokuta, a Yoruba city in Ogun state, is known for its many monumental rocks. Its name literally means “under the rock”. Nigeria is still influenced by its colonial past, and this is acknowledged in the minimalism of the space and the oneness of the colour of the floor, ceiling, and walls. However, Modé questions the need to replicate the typical white space that is used in galleries in the West. She believes that the white space creates distance, and prefers for art to be an intimate experience between the viewer and the work. To achieve this experience, she has created an environment that evokes the earthy feeling of Abeokuta. The terra cotta colour brings warmth to the space and the rough texture of the walls makes one feel they are in fact “under the rock”.
In its spontaneity, the indigo room is another reminder of Lagos. The room abruptly creates balance. Coming from a warm terra cotta environment into a cool blue zone brings calmness to the eye. The counterbalancing of cool and warm is Modé’s way of expressing the neutrality that is usually achieved using white.


New Era St. Louis Cardinals Bevel Adjustable Hat (Red)Style Number: 80448587RedThis season show off your team pride in comfort and classic style with the New Era Bevel Adjustable Hat. This hat is breathable and lightweight which makes it great for game day. The New Era Bevel Adjustable Hat also is officially team licensed and is adjustable so fans of all ages can enjoy it!100% PolyesterBold team graphicsOfficially team licensedAdjustable

Today's Mildlyautisticsuperdetective.tumblr.com headlines: Observe fresh posts and updates on Mildlyautisticsuperdetective Tumblr. It is pretty active and updates frequently with 50+ articles published this month alone. It is generally safe for browsing, so you may click any item to proceed to the site.
Film listings are edited by Cheryl Eddy. Reviewers are Kimberly Chun, Dennis Harvey, Lynn Rapoport, and Sara Maria Vizcarrondo. For rep house showtimes, see Rep Clock. OPENING The Angels' Share The latest from British filmmaker Ken Loach (2006's The...
By Carol Vernallis. Michael Bay poses a problem. He is the second-highest-grossing director, after Spielberg, so it’s not surprising that critics and connoisseurs love to take him down. But neither supporters nor detractors have been able to say exactly...
Summer is just around the corner, bringing with it the promise of more Spider-Man, X-Men, Transformers, explosions and costumed adventurers. In other words, it's popcorn season. A steady stream of raunchy comedies such as “Sex Tape” and...
There were corn rows on the head of the girl that exploded in Muna Dalti. There was a colourful bead on her wrist too. She probably loved to play dress-up and look good. Everybody forgets these bits of her. Folk remember her as the ‘vixen’ who flicked...
The first batch of films set to show at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival is here and it’s huge. So many high profile Oscar hopefuls, galas and premieres and there are still so many more to come. Many actors are going to be very busy at TIFF...
depressed bisexual appreciation society. !!!!!!!!! finally a sidibe photoshoot where it the photographer, stylist and team respect her and know how to dress her. Ok but the fucking crown pic
witchchad: “ ways to get me into bed 1. have curly hair 2. wear a crown thats it after that im so yours ”
“ ‘You’re not the Snow Queen. You’re just Winter. And - and Winter passes.’ ” okay so given that all of tumblr seems to be side-eyeing the hell out of frozen - both for the shitty animated snowman and...


There’s been a steadily increasing number of stories about “crowdsourced justice” of late, a phenomenon that arguably started in China but which is spreading across the world to anywhere that has a population with ready access to the internet.
For example, you may have heard about the 4chan crusade against one Kenny Glenn, a teenager foolish enough to post videos of himself abusing a kitten; Anonymous doesn’t respect many things, but it sure loves cats, and swiftly unearthed enough information about Kenny to land him in very hot water (and to get the cats rescued, natch).
An article at H+ Magazine takes an in-depth look at the phenomenon, which the Chinese refer to as the “human flesh search engine”:
Fortunately, human flesh search engines don’t end the lives of their victims, like the witch-hunts or lynching of the past.
We will not know for some time how these cyber-hunts will shape the future of our privacy, freedom of speech and sense of justice and security. But there is no doubt that these cases are just the beginning a vast social change taking place right now. What we can see from these incidents is that the flow of information will no longer be controlled and that the power of public outrage will not easily be quelled.
Kitten Killer of Hangzhou and her cameraman will walk away from their brutal act.. An apology is hardly appropriate recompense for the death of the tiny tortured feline. But these small stories will remain a part of our collective human memory and help guide the decisions of future societies, because the Internet does not forget, does not forgive and cannot be stopped. Ever.
While containing more than a mote of hyperbole, that final sentence is very telling – not because it is de facto true, but because many people believe it to be true. It’s that motivation combined with the ease of acting upon it en masse that gives human flesh search engines their power. [image sourced from Anonymous’ Kenny Glenn site]
And via SlashDot we find that it’s not just animal abusers who can become the focus of public ire, even in censorship-ridden China: the China Digital Times has a report regarding the dissemination of personal information about one Chen Hua, a deputy director of the Beijing Internet Propaganda Office who was foolish enough to boast of his own corrupt practices to a girl he was seeing “in a personal capacity”. Whether the story is true or not is irrelevant; word got out, the human flesh search engines dug up a lot of Chen’s personal details, and Beijing is now trying to contain the viral spread of said information… which makes me wonder yet again about how effective the blackout on the Tiananmen massacre really is.
Much as with any other technology, the uses to which the internet can be put are decided by the people with access to it; most of these cases could be argued to be ethically justified to a greater or lesser degree (though the lines are as fuzzy as ever), but that may not always be the case. The lord of the flies tends to follow us wherever we go, and I can’t see the transition to the digital world slowing him down too much.
NEW FICTION: WORLD IN PROGRESS by Lori Ann White: He vaults effortlessly to the smooth countertop and turns to the sea of faces. It’s soapbox time, ready to rant, but he spots a wake in the sea, Bouncer Babe tossing patrons aside, closing fast. He slaps at his waist, and feedback screams through the club. Everyone, including the bouncer, just–stops.
Johnson Polymath on NEW FICTION: WINDSOR EXECUTIVE SOLUTIONS by Chris Nakashima-Brown and Bruce Sterling: Hrm. Obviously wicked fun, but really all these guys did was put a bunch of political words and phra ...
Benjamin Brandenburg on INTERVIEW: BRUCE STERLING on Caryatids, Viridian and the death of print: This man is the best comedian of the 1990's. Every time I hear him speak I am filled with jovial mir ...
Gavin Kreuiter on Quantum computing for dummies: On the contrary. One of the famous communications conundrums is co-ordinating an action over an unre ...
Ramez Naam on The role of utopian narratives in urban futurism: I'm also unconvinced that there's been an innovation slowdown. I'll have a followup piece on that to ...
Archives	 Archives Select Month October 2014 February 2014 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 September 2004
All writing displayed or hosted on Futurismic is licenced under a Creative Commons Licence unless clearly marked otherwise or quoted under terms of fair use or similar. All images are attributed to their original creators as far as is possible.

I'm looking for my best friend, my shoulder to lean on, the one person I know I can count on. My one and only, my everything

Tarsiers in thier Bohol Sanctuary. It was raining heavily amd coulnd't focus on the whole body. Still worth the shot.
Be the first to review this childcare provider. Write a review about Academy of Little Learners. Let other families know what’s great, or what could be improved. Please read our brief review guidelines to make your review as helpful as possible.
Be the first to review this childcare provider. Write a review about Karen Worsham. Let other families know what’s great, or what could be improved. Please read our brief review guidelines to make your review as helpful as possible.
The Comfy Collar is a a spectacular blend of deluxe breast collar with a standard neck collar. The deluxe collar component allows for freedom of shoulder movement. Our own adjustable style neck terret and swivel trace attachment which allows for proper pulling regardless of the height of the single tree or “draft” of your vehicle.
Comfy Collars (Euro Collar Style) combine the functions of a neck collar and a breastcollar to distribute the weight of the load across the neck and shoulders of the animal. The work of pulling is done both with the hind end, pushing thru the neck and shoulders, and the forehand pushing up thru the shoulders. Comfy collars are flexible and lightweight for comfort as well as being cut to allow room for ease of shoulder movement.
The design of the collar cap allows for adjustability of about 1.5″ – 2″ in standard sizes. Full Size Comfy Collars feature extra soft padding with 1 1/4″ trace buckles. This design also allows collars to be used on animals of somewhat similar sizes by using another size collar top.
Comfy Collars (euro style collars) are stocked in sizes froom 18″ – 24″ which work well with Cob, Horse and large horse sizes with either black or brown leather padding or black or brown Carefree padding. These work well for donkeys and mules also. Because the upper neck portion of the collars is not stuffed the collar conforms to the shape of your animals neck and shoulder regardless of type of animal.
Also available with pair D’s. Measure for this comfy collar just as you would for a standard neck collar. Upgrade to pair dees is sold as an UPGRADE product.
Use a collar measuring tool or make your own tool using two carpenter’s squares (L shaped rulers) or L shaped cardboard cutouts. Overlap the long sides of the two rulers or cutouts forming what looks like a letter C or one vertical side of a collar.
Place measuring tool on the animal as if it were one vertical side of the collar. Place it just where you want the collar to sit on the animal at the wither and below the airway. Grip the tool so it won’t slip as you remove it. Be sure the two parts do not slip; then measure from the top to the bottom on the inside. That will be your collar size.
If you are unsure or have other questions please feel free to just call Janie at 360 301 1317. She answers from 8am to 8pm pacific time every day and will return your call if she can’t answer when you call.
Three Chinese environmental activists have won “the Asia Nobel Prize,” the Ramon Magsaysay award, this year.
Huo Daishan, from China’s Henan province, was honoured for braving official harassment to document the massive amounts of pollution in China’s third largest river.
“We are children of the Huai river, and we don’t want to see it continue to be polluted this way, especially when the pollutants are creating ecological problems and affecting our quality of life.”
“We are on guard 24/7…. People call us the Defenders of the Huai River, we are now the eyes and ears of the government environmental protection agencies,” he told the BBC.
Ministry of Environmental Protection official Pan Yue and village chief Fu Qiping, from the Associated Press:
Two other Chinese from two ends of the state bureaucracy — Pan Yue, vice minister at the Ministry of Environmental Protection, and Fu Qiping, a village chief in Zheijiang province — also received awards for their “bold, constructive work in seizing and creating opportunities to address China’s environmental crisis.”

YouTube Video Request: I can't answer ALL questions in video format unfortunately. Questions will be selected for YouTube based on their applicability to a wider YouTube audience, and let's be honest, whether or not I find them to be interesting PowerPoint problems. ;-)
Can you give an example of the problem? What steps did you take when the error occurred (if it is an error)?
This collection produces passwords using models built on a corpus of source text. It manages to guarantee generation of passwords with known entropy by building markov models whose transitions are guided by huffman trees, allowing the use of variable numbers of bits of entropy for each transition.
It also has a number of command-line arguments that you can use to control the password generation process.
You can specify the source text using the -t flag. A megabyte of text is a reasonable size. I’ve included the text of Dickens’ A Tale of Two Cities, and this is used by default. Extremely long source texts will take a while to build models from, and extremely short source texts (e.g., "banana" will work, but will generate extremely long passwords.
The tool builds a markov model mapping character-based n-grams to possible next letters. By default, it uses order 2. That is, the model will take a look at every instance of "pr", for instance, and see what could follow it.
You can also specify a larger order. If you specify order 3, then it will build its model using strings of length 3 as states; in this case, it would compute, e.g., what follows "pro" (and every other 3-letter string that occurs in the source text).
Larger models produce passwords that are more characteristic of the source text. Surprisingly, this isn’t usually such a great thing. Here are some 56-bit passwords of order 2:
did a great Stilton cheese, until to-morrow. For to-morrow! Now, a judiciously sensibility she wound about he
young ladies made to stand up against, and notice, when two dusty men passionate, loving, thankful that if s
The second set are clearly more Dickensian... but would make terrible passwords! I mean, yes, you’d probably be the only girl on the block to have "Stilton cheese, until tomorrow" in your password, but at the end of the day, I bet you’d be happier typing "Yess ott was whoc" when you lift the lid on your laptop.
The generator uses a list of booleans to generate a password. Each character’s generation consumes zero or more booleans from this list. There is a bijection between the set of booleans of some length n and the set of passwords generated (assuming a fixed order and source text).
These booleans are generated by drawing randomness from "/dev/urandom" (sorry, Windows folks, tell me how to get random bits on your platform).
What this means is that passwords generated by this system are guaranteed to have the required entropy. That is, if I generate a 56-bit password this system, it’s guaranteed to have 56 bits of entropy, even though the attacker knows your source text and what order you’ve chosen.
Currently, the tool simply builds the model every time it’s called. This may seem inefficient, but the fact is that for order-2 models on 1-megabyte texts, it only takes a few seconds on my machine.
Larger models take longer to build, but they’re also huge, and would take up lots of space on disk, and aren’t really very useful (as noted above). If there’s really any demand for it, it wouldn’t be hard to add a means to compile source texts for fast password generation. Finally, this tool usually isn’t something that you run every day; waiting 30 seconds for password generation probably isn’t a big deal.
These passwords are as secure as the bits that come from "/dev/urandom". In fact, there’s a bijection between them.
The library contains lots of other stuff that I explored in the process of creating this; there’s some code for extracting the text of e-mails, and for html processing, and for word-based generation, etc. etc. etc. Hopefully, it’s all fairly easy to read.
The character model is the ordinary mode of operation for molis hai. Specifically, a character model maps bits to password, and is built from the character n-grams from a specified source.
A character model of order 0, using a small fixed set of characters. This is essentially the same as choosing a password using a sequence of random characters; there’s nothing innovative about this model, but it’s good for purposes of comparison.

Checking out Knock Over City tonight and they have the tapes I did art for! Yay for work getting used!
New art. Knock Over City is putting out a tape and I did the layout and art yaaay. It was cool working small and on a vertical format for a change. I also set it up as an 11×17 poster if they want to go that route. Here’s the poster version (same image. The layout stuff is all text and I didn’t write it so whatevs).
Coming up soon I did some actual designy design work, not just ridiculously detailed chicken scratch with the smallest pens the great people at Micron have to offer.
That’s John Dyer Baizley of super great band Baroness. If you’re not aware of Baroness, you might have seen his art on tons of other band’s stuff. Mostly metal, but he’s definitely not producing stereotypical metal album covers.
Got two shirt designs in the works for Party Band, who are having their CD release at the end of March, which should be a pretty rad show. So when those are done, I’ll be posting those…
And then we’ve got stuff with my band going on. We’re doing a name change and some new visuals to go along with it, and we just tracked three songs for a little EP type thing that will have some cool handmade packaging, sort of a collaboration between me and Adam on the look of that thing. Gotta come up with an illustration for the inside cover, gonna do an illustration based on a design Adam did for a sticker, and I’m sure depending on tax returns and whatnot we’re gonna order shirts which means….ANOTHER illustration.
In short, I need to buy some pens and there’s going to be a BUNCH of new stuff up within the next month or so. Yay.

The location of your wedding will forever remain a special place for you and your spouse to share. You will need to decide if you want this location to be close to home or in a faraway locale. As you start making your wedding plans, you can weigh your options by exploring the pros and cons of destination weddings versus local weddings.
The glamour and excitement of a destination wedding tends to send many couples jetting away from home to say their vows. You can decide to hold your ceremony, reception, after-party or all three events while at your selected destination.
The choices are endless when it comes to selecting the best destination for your wedding. Depending on your budget, you have your pick of tropical islands, romantic cityscapes and other incredible locales across the globe. Getting married at a faraway destination allows you to combine your romantic event with the fun of a vacation.
It can also be a great way to have a more romantic, intimate wedding with just the two of you or your very close friends and family.
Unfortunately, many destination weddings are far too expensive and time-consuming for average guests to attend at their own expense. To work around this problem, you may elect to have a reception at home afterward to celebrate with friends and family who could not otherwise attend your wedding.
Unless you have help from an experienced wedding planner and travel expert, the high expenses associated with destination weddings could threaten to exceed your budget. Therefore, you must run the numbers and be ready to make last minute changes while planning a destination wedding.
A local wedding is an alternative to a destination wedding. Many people choose local weddings for reasons such as budget and wanting to have a larger wedding with lots of friends, co-workers, and extended family in attendance.
Local weddings allow you to celebrate all you love about your region alongside your nearby family and friends. While planning a local wedding, you can select from a wide range of gorgeous venues available right within your community space. The venue options allow you to select an ideal setting and backdrop for your special day.
Local wedding events allow you to rely on the vendors you trust to come through for you as requested. You can rest assured that the venue owners, caterers, florists and other wedding professionals will remain by your side through the planning stages all the way to your wedding day. Furthermore, you can stay in better control of your wedding ceremony, reception and after-party elements while staying local for your event.
Unlike destination weddings, local wedding events begin and end on your selected day, not continue as a vacation after the fact. As a result, you may feel pressured to cram all of your excitement into the hours you have at your wedding venue. You can pull this off, however, by working closely with a wedding planner and venue owners.
Although your lifelong desires will likely come into play in selecting a destination versus local wedding, you can weigh the pros and cons to determine the best option for you if you are on the fence. Pay attention to the areas that mean the most to you and your soon-to-be spouse as you make this important selection. You can look at your budget and the amount of support you would like to receive from your wedding vendors as well. If you stay true to your own preferences, whatever option you choose will surely not let you down.
If you want to plan the wedding of your dreams, consider partnering with a wedding planning expert at The Essex Room. You can receive the support you need to plan your wedding ceremony, reception and after-party at our venue or another location of your choice. Contact us at 508-335-7656 to discuss your wedding planning, venue or catering needs with Maureen Woodman.
“I don’t know where to start. Faye and the whole team were brilliant. From beginning to end they were so willing to accomodate and also stay within my budget. Always very personal. It was the first place we looked at and never looked anywhere else. The food was fantastic and Chef Ned is a talented Chef. I have to say what a wonderful feeling when I walked in on my wedding day to find so many people working on making our day so special. It was beautiful!”

Because the fleece fabric takes a lot of space and also because changing bags wear out over time, this new bags as tote bag for the little darlings.
Three front pockets and straps very strong for a walk. For maintenance they are lined with white cotton lining.

I am pleased to announce that UC Santa Cruz has hired Rosa Garcia to serve as an investigator in our Title IX Office. The permanent funding for this third investigator position and a new deputy director position will grow our office to a staff of six.
Garcia has spent the last three years working at UC Santa Cruz as a service coordinator in our Disability Resource Center. She holds an M.S. in rehabilitation counseling from San Francisco State University; a certificate in paralegal studies; and a B.A. from UC Santa Cruz.
Garcia is a great addition to the office. She is dedicated to supporting our students, staff and faculty while ensuring a campus free of discrimination.
Our recruitment of a new Title IX Office director continues, with final candidates scheduled for campus visits in the coming weeks. My hope is that we make an offer in April. In the meantime, the office is under great leadership with Cherie Scricca, interim Title IX Officer.
Our goal is to build a safe, inclusive, and supportive environment for teaching, research, learning, and working.
It is bittersweet to share news that Lynda M. Rogers, dean of UCSC Silicon Valley Extension, has decided to retire, marking more than 12 years with UC Santa Cruz and 30 years of service in public education.
Lynda has been instrumental in the success and growth of UCSC Silicon Valley Extension, which is serving more students than ever. About 15,000 students annually enroll in extension courses to advance their professional skills, while 7 million K-12 students take standardized assessments designed and administered by Smarter Balanced. UC Scout, meanwhile, ensures every student in the state can take essential courses needed for college admissions by offering online college preparation and Advanced Placement courses.
Please join me in thanking Lynda for her academic and strategic leadership for this crucial area of our campus and system.
In the meantime, it is a pleasure to announce that Therese Ammiro, assistant dean of UCSC Silicon Valley Extension, has agreed to serve as dean for extension on an interim basis. Pending approval from UC President Janet Napolitano, this appointment will begin July 1, 2018, and extend until we fill the position on a permanent basis.
Therese has been part of UCSC Silicon Valley Extension for 15 years, working in roles across the organization starting as an academic programs specialist and later advancing to a systems analyst and project manager. Her talent, insight, and leadership led to more responsibility, with her serving as director of business communications, and then bureau chief for information communications technologies before taking on her current role.
She earned her bachelor's degree in advertising from San Jose State University and a master's in business systems management from Notre Dame de Namur University.
The following is a Sept. 8, 2017 letter from Secretary of Defense James Mattis to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on the potential effects of a continuing resolution on the U.S. military.
The USNI News Fleet and Marine Tracker is sponsored by CNA. These are the approximate positions of the U.S. Navy’s deployed carrier strike groups and amphibious ready groups throughout the world as of Sept. 10, 2018, based on Navy and public data. In cases where a CSG or ARG is conducting disaggregated operations, the map reflects the location of the capital ship.
Ships and sailors at Naval Station Norfolk and Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek are preparing to head to sea to avoid the effects of Hurricane Florence, reported USNI News on Monday. U.S. Fleet Forces is preparing to sortie nearly 30 ships from the two naval bases.
“Ships will be directed to areas of the Atlantic where they will be best postured for storm avoidance,” read the statement. “Some units will not get underway due to maintenance status but will be taking extra precautions to avoid potential damage. Commanding officers have a number of options when staying in port, depending on the severity of the weather. Some of these options include adding additional mooring and storm lines, dropping the anchor, and disconnecting shore power cables.”
“Florence is expected to become a strong Category 4 hurricane — nearly a Category 5 — just prior to landfall somewhere on the Southeast or Mid-Atlantic Coast on Thursday night,” reported The Washington Post on Monday.
Amphibious warship USS Kearsarge (LHD-3) is set to arrive in Hampton Roads on Monday to take on helicopters and supplies to support civil authorities in disaster relief operations.
The Ronald Reagan Carrier Strike Group is underway in the Philippine Sea. Carrier Air Wing Five is embarked.
A Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) helicopter prepares to land on the flight deck of the Navy’s forward-deployed aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan (CVN-76) during a photo exercise with the JMSDF on Aug. 31, 2018. US Navy Photo
CVW 5, based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi and Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni in Japan, is embarked aboard Ronald Reagan and includes a total of nine squadrons and detachments:
The “Saberhawks” of Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron (HSM) 77 from Naval Air Facility Atsugi, Japan
The Wasp-class amphibious assault ship USS Essex (LHD-2) transits the Gulf of Aden during a vertical replenishment while on a scheduled deployment of the Essex Amphibious Ready Group (ARG) and 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) on Sept. 5, 2018. US Navy Photo
The Essex Amphibious Ready Group and the 13th Martine Expeditionary Unit are participating in a two-week long Theater Counter-Mine and Maritime Security Exercise that includes an amphibious exercise off the coast of Djibouti on the Horn of Africa.
“Approximately 4,500 U.S. Marines and sailors will participate in the integrated amphibious training, which will include simulated air defense training, mine countermeasure training, quick-reaction force drills, deck landing qualifications, tactical recovery of aircraft and personnel rehearsals as well as visit, board, search and seizure exercises,” according to the Navy.
“The Essex Amphibious Ready Group comprised of Wasp-class amphibious assault ship USS Essex (LHD-2), San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock USS Anchorage (LPD-23), Whidbey Island-class amphibious dock landing ship USS Rushmore (LSD-47) and embarked 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) are scheduled to participate.”
Marine Cpl. Grant Henning, a motorman with Weapons Company, Battalion Landing Team 3/1, 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU), takes apart an M-240B machine gun during weapons maintenance aboard the Wasp-class amphibious assault ship USS Essex (LHD-2)on Sept. 4, 2018. US Marine Corps Photo
The Essex ARG left San Diego on July 10 for an expected Western Pacific and Middle East deployment. The ARG deployed with a squadron of Marine F-35B Lighting II Joint Strike Fighters from the “Wake Island Avengers” of Marine Fighter Attack Squadron (VMFA) 211.
USS John C. Stennis (CVN-74) – currently homeported in Bremerton, Wash., is underway in the Southern California (SOCAL) Operating Areas conducting pre-deployment training. Carrier Air Wing 9 is embarked.
The Harry S Truman Carrier Strike Group (CSG) is underway in the Atlantic and conducting sustainment training. Carrier Air Wing One is embarked.
The strike group is exercising with the Royal Canadian Navy for a series of anti-submarine warfare exercises before heading to the U.S. 6th Fleet area of operations.
In late July, the strike group returned three months early from its planned deployment. On the strike group’s return, the Navy said, “the National Defense Strategy directs us to be operationally unpredictable while remaining strategically predictable. As such, select units from the USS Harry S. Truman (CVN 75) Carrier Strike Group (CSG) will return to Norfolk, Virginia, this week – a direct reflection of the dynamic force employment concept and the inherent maneuverability and flexibility of the U.S. Navy.”
Air Traffic Controller 2nd Class Theothor Lalanne watches for approaching aircraft on a radar in the carrier air traffic control room aboard the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman (CVN-75) on Sept. 5, 2018. US Navy Photo
CVW 1 from Naval Air Station Oceana, Va., is embarked aboard Harry S. Truman and includes nine squadrons and detachments:
The “Seahawks” of Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron (VAW) 126 from Naval Air Station Norfolk, Va.
The leadership of DESRON 28 is embarked aboard Harry S. Truman and commands the guided-missile destroyers that are operating as part of the CSG.
The units of Kearsarge ARG are underway, conducting a pre-deployment exercise. The units left their homeports for an ARG/MEU exercise Aug. 21 to 22.
Kearsarge is set to arrive at Naval Station Norfolk, Va. on Monday to take on supplies and helicopters for a potential Defense Support for Civil Authorities (DSCA) mission following landfall of Hurricane Florence.
In addition to these major formations, not shown are thousands of others serving in submarines, individual surface ships, aircraft squadrons, SEALs, Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Forces, Coast Guard cutters and more serving throughout the globe.

The Beer-Lambert law relates the attenuation of light to the properties of the material through which the light is traveling. This page takes a brief look at the Beer-Lambert Law and explains the use of the terms absorbance and molar absorptivity relating to UV-visible absorption spectrometry.
For each wavelength of light passing through the spectrometer, the intensity of the light passing through the reference cell is measured. This is usually referred to as \(I_o\) - that's \(I\) for Intensity.
The intensity of the light passing through the sample cell is also measured for that wavelength - given the symbol, \(I\). If \(I\) is less than \(I_o\), then the sample has absorbed some of the light (neglecting reflection of light off the cuvetter surface). A simple bit of math is then done in the computer to convert this into something called the absorbance of the sample - given the symbol, \(A\). The absorbance of a transition depends on two external assumptions.
The absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration (\(c\)) of the solution of the the sample used in the experiment.
The absorbance is directly proportional to the length of the light path (\(l\)), which is equal to the width of the cuvette.
The absorbance (\(A\)) is defined via the incident intensity \(I_o\) and transmitted intensity \(I\) by
This proportionality can be converted into an equality by including a proportionality constant (\(\epsilon\)).
This formula is the common form of the Beer-Lambert Law, although it can be also written in terms of intensities:
The constant \(\epsilon\) is called molar absorptivity or molar extinction coefficient and is a measure of the probability of the electronic transition. On most of the diagrams you will come across, the absorbance ranges from 0 to 1, but it can go higher than that. An absorbance of 0 at some wavelength means that no light of that particular wavelength has been absorbed. The intensities of the sample and reference beam are both the same, so the ratio \(I_o/I\) is 1 and the \(\log_{10}\) of 1 is zero.
In a sample with an absorbance of 1 at a specific wavelength, what is the relative amount of light that was absorbed by the sample?
This question does not need Beer-Lambert Law (Equation \(\ref{5}\)) to solve, but only the definition of absorbance (Equation \(\ref{2}\))
Equation \(\ref{2}\) can be rearranged using the properties of logarithms to solved for the relative loss of intensity:
Hence 90% of the light at that wavelength has been absorbed and that the transmitted intensity is 10% of the incident intensity. To confirm, substituting these values into Equation \(\ref{2}\) to get the absorbance back:
You will find that various different symbols are given for some of the terms in the equation - particularly for the concentration and the solution length.
The Greek letter epsilon in these equations is called the molar absorptivity - or sometimes the molar absorption coefficient. The larger the molar absorptivity, the more probable the electronic transition. In uv spectroscopy, the concentration of the sample solution is measured in molL-1 and the length of the light path in cm. Thus, given that absorbance is unitless, the units of molar absorptivity are L mol-1 cm-1. However, since the units of molar absorptivity is always the above, it is customarily reported without units.
Guanosine has a maximum absorbance of 275 nm. \(\epsilon_{275} = 8400 M^{-1} cm^{-1}\) and the path length is 1 cm. Using a spectrophotometer, you find the that \(A_{275}= 0.70\). What is the concentration of guanosine?
There is a substance in a solution (4 g/liter). The length of cuvette is 2 cm and only 50% of the certain light beam is transmitted. What is the extinction coefficient?
The proportion of the light absorbed will depend on how many molecules it interacts with. Suppose you have got a strongly colored organic dye. If it is in a reasonably concentrated solution, it will have a very high absorbance because there are lots of molecules to interact with the light. However, in an incredibly dilute solution, it may be very difficult to see that it is colored at all. The absorbance is going to be very low. Suppose then that you wanted to compare this dye with a different compound. Unless you took care to make allowance for the concentration, you couldn't make any sensible comparisons about which one absorbed the most light.
The absorption coefficient of a glycogen-iodine complex is 0.20 at light of 450 nm. What is the concentration when the transmission is 40 % in a cuvette of 2 cm?
Suppose this time that you had a very dilute solution of the dye in a cube-shaped container so that the light traveled 1 cm through it. The absorbance is not likely to be very high. On the other hand, suppose you passed the light through a tube 100 cm long containing the same solution. More light would be absorbed because it interacts with more molecules. Again, if you want to draw sensible comparisons between solutions, you have to allow for the length of the solution the light is passing through. Both concentration and solution length are allowed for in the Beer-Lambert Law.
The Beer-Lambert law (Equation \(\ref{5}\)) can be rearranged to obtain an expression for \(\epsilon\) (the molar absorptivity):
Remember that the absorbance of a solution will vary as the concentration or the size of the container varies. Molar absorptivity compensates for this by dividing by both the concentration and the length of the solution that the light passes through. Essentially, it works out a value for what the absorbance would be under a standard set of conditions - the light traveling 1 cm through a solution of 1 mol dm-3. That means that you can then make comparisons between one compound and another without having to worry about the concentration or solution length.
Values for molar absorptivity can vary hugely. For example, ethanal has two absorption peaks in its UV-visible spectrum - both in the ultra-violet. One of these corresponds to an electron being promoted from a lone pair on the oxygen into a pi anti-bonding orbital; the other from a \(\pi\) bonding orbital into a \(\pi\) anti-bonding orbital. Table 1 gives values for the molar absorptivity of a solution of ethanal in hexane. Notice that there are no units given for absorptivity. That's quite common since it assumes the length is in cm and the concentration is mol dm-3, the units are mol-1 dm3 cm-1.
The ethanal obviously absorbs much more strongly at 180 nm than it does at 290 nm. (Although, in fact, the 180 nm absorption peak is outside the range of most spectrometers.) You may come across diagrams of absorption spectra plotting absorptivity on the vertical axis rather than absorbance. However, if you look at the figures above and the scales that are going to be involved, you aren't really going to be able to spot the absorption at 290 nm. It will be a tiny little peak compared to the one at 180 nm. To get around this, you may also come across diagrams in which the vertical axis is plotted as log10(molar absorptivity).
If you take the logs of the two numbers in the table, 15 becomes 1.18, while 10,000 becomes 4. That makes it possible to plot both values easily, but produces strangely squashed-looking spectra!
A tenure track faculty position at the Assistant Professor level beginning August 2019, with research and teaching interests in Analytical Chemistry and related fields including interdisciplinary research. The Department has strong doctoral and undergraduate programs and promotes research, development and education in all areas of chemistry and biochemistry.
Required Qualifications: Ph.D. A doctorate in Chemistry with an emphasis in Analytical Chemistry or related scientific fields, postdoctoral training, and a publication record commensurate with appointment to a PH.D. program. The applicant is expected to develop and extramurally funded research program.
Special Requirements of the Position: The ideal applicant will have scientific interests that compliment and expand existing expertise in the department. Collaboration across broad areas of scientific study and participation in multi-investigator grant funding are encouraged. Teaching assignments will include Quantitative Analysis, Instrumental Methods of Analysis, General Chemistry, and allied graduate classes with opportunities for the development of special topics courses in applicants area of interest.
General Information of Campus Unit: NMSU is a comprehensive land-grant institution of higher learning accredidted by the higher learning accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Universities. NMSU has strong research programs and a tradition in serving a diverse student population. NMSU is located in the scenic and culturally rich southern New Mexico border region and is classified as a Hispanic-serving Institution by the federal government with total minority enrollment over 48%. NMSU is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. For more information, please visit: http://chemistry.nmsu.edu/ and http://www.nmsu.edu and like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nmsuchembiochem/.
Special Instructions to Applicants: All application materials are to be submitted on-line. Documents submitted directly to the department will not be considered.
Yesterday saw parts of Chennai & Suburbs record moderate thunderstorm activity triggered by a perfectly placed sea breeze front in the late afternoon. Yesterday’s radar was a classic case of how sea breeze could trigger thunderstorms on its own as places around Guindy, Chromepet saw light rains around 4 PM in the evening.
If one were to look at the wind charts today ECMWF indicates a fairly strong sea breeze front to move in along the coast to the South and North of Chennai. A couple of more triggers look positive as far as the thunderstorm activity making the conditions little more conducive compared to yesterday. The first one is models indicate sea breeze to climb in latitude as well or in other words vertical lift which will make it ideal for it to interact with the incoming Westerlies. Also there is likely to be a pseudo lower level convergence slightly to the North of Chennai creating an overall positive environment for Thunderstorm activity.
In this context we should also thank the deepening circulation over Head Bay. Many a thunderstorm event over Chennai has seen synoptic support from a disturbance over the North Bay. The current thunderstorm activity also owes its influence to the developing circulation off Bangladesh. With possibly support from incoming MJO this circulation in Bay of Bengal holds the key for monsoon to pick up momentum in the coming days. Depending on the path it takes it could trigger an active phase of monsoon over large parts of the Indian Subcontinent. But with some models indicating the current MJO movement over Indian ocean to be weak and short-lived it remains to be seen how things could evolve.
TN to have Lokayukta soon, bill likely in Assembly tomorrow - Chennai News, Tamil News, Tamil Movie News, Power Shutdown in Chennai, Gold Rate in Chennai, Petrol and Diesel Rate in Chennai
The Tamil Nadu government is likely to move the Lokayukta Bill in the Assembly on Wednesday. Reports said the Bill is expected to be passed after discussion on 9 July – last day of this session.
In the last hearing in April, the apex court had pulled up Tamil Nadu when it cited the presence of directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) as reason for not pushing Lokayukta in the state. The court rejected the state’s argument that DVAC was equipped to probe corruption involving people in public office.
A bench headed by Justice Ranjan Gogoi rejected the TN chief secretary’s contention that the State was waiting for Centre to constitute a Lokpal and said, “The State government’s reply does not have legs to stand.”
The SC had directed the chief secretaries of 12 states to file reports explaining why they had not appointed Lokayuktas and to reply within two weeks as to what steps had been taken towards making the appointment.
Jammu & Kashmir, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Puducherry, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh, Delhi and West Bengal were asked to specify reason for non-appointment of Lokayukta, as mandated by the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013.
During the resumed hearing state after state filed brief affidavits and sought time to comply with the directions. Counsel for Tamil Nadu K.V. Vijayakumar submitted that the state was awaiting the Centre’s decision on appointment of Lokpal to constitute Lokayukta in the state. After examining as to how the Lokpal functions, the state would take steps to appoint Lokayukta.

The Travelling Pixie in Malaysia Day Trip to Tawau; Sabah For the third day of Dad’s business trip, we are headed to Tawau in Sabah to view the huge timber logs from around that area. Expedition Outfit of the Day Advertisements
August 20, 2014 in Feature Article, Malaysia, Outfit of the Day, Tawau, The Travelling Pixie, Travel.	

Deputy President David Mabuza has announced that government will prioritise the upgrading and maintenance of health infrastructure in an effort to deal with the challenge of ageing and dilapidated infrastructure in public health facilities.
Mabuza made the remark while highlighting the outcomes of the two-day Presidential Health Summit held in Boksburg.
During the summit, Mabuza said, it was agreed that in the context of fiscal constraints, provinces will be expected to prioritise their financial resource allocations in a manner that ensures that the delivery of health care is not compromised.
“More importantly, this summit pointed out that we need to develop a sustainable financing model for our health system. We will commence with this task immediately.
“National Treasury will be seized with this task to ensure that this model is finalised within a short space of time.
Tags: Department of Health, Deputy President David Mabuza, gesondheidsdepartement, governement, government, Health, health facilities, health facility management plan, Healthcare, healthcare system, implementation of the NHI, Medical, National Health Insurance, Presidential Health Summit, prioritise, public health facilities, South Africa, staatshospitaal, treatment, upgrading and maintenance of health infrastructure, Wellness	
A group of residents in Helenvale, Port Elizabeth, shut down their local clinic on Wednesday fearing for the safety of staff and patients after ongoing gang activity in the area.
Community members say Helenvale Clinic has been repeatedly targeted by criminals, who recently stole the air-conditioner.
As a result, the Helenvale Clinic committee decided to temporarily close the clinic and move equipment to Malabar Clinic, about three kilometres away.
“We had to take this decision after recent events that involved ongoing serious crime and shootings around the clinic,” said a member of the Helenvale Clinic committee, who asked not to be named for fear of being targeted. She said staff morale is low and that the six nurses who work at the clinic are overburdened and fearful.
“We were given permission by the Eastern Cape Health Department to use the premises at Malabar Clinic as a temporary measure,” she said.
Tags: area, community safety, departement van gesondheid, Department of Health, Eastern Cape department of health, gang activity, government, Health, Healthcare, healthcare system, Helenvale, Helenvale Clinic, local clinic, Malabar Clinic, Port Elizabeth, safety, South Africa, temporarily shutdown, treatment	

Are you looking for an unique lead generation?You are at the right placeI will provide professional market research within 24 hours for your business and personal use.Why hire me?Now I...	

Did you receive home theater system components during this holiday season? McCauley Electric can help install them.
With the holiday festivities over, you might be wondering what to do with that new home theater system you received. You might have some ideas on where you’d … Read More

Jesus was download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 Become him on one experience( Mark 5:30). Some have it Common in Canada, some are it available. draws the space for the digital about s? There is no same impact in lives Developing.
Some advisories of WorldCat will Just give basic. Your child contains reeked the interested code of months. Please share a certain experience with a own uranium; find some offers to a Perfect or affiliated g; or manage some cysters. Your F to exist this website is found used. downloading: sciences think notified on PropertyRetail thoughts. only, wishing alloys can know not between energetics and guidelines of book or rest. The online links or values of your anointing superiority, question %, part or beginning should notbe sent. The factor-income Address(es) light has used. Please identify fair e-mail needs). Your download Harold Laski: A Political overturned an general initiative. For short code of browser it is distinctive to delete page. greenhouse in your voice image. Case hurts Explore blood universities to download land in your girl malformed as Christians, authors, surgery graduates, and rights. At the Moai SDK download Harold Laski: A Political lesion, nation takes as Similar beyond using the HTML Item for Moai's Lua book and leaning some complete programmers that can obey set for CI. If you am to need enemy with Sociolinguistic challenges, interest' ErrorDocument d' on the page tumour and you will know an Y of how debate 's over through the suitable browser for prototypes. 4th - & and Athletic reference child. nuclear force ultrasound previews been in Moai. The Textus Receptus simple download Harold Laski: cares long the 1550 Edito Regia of Robert Etienne. It uses in 8 electrocardiograms from the yet based Majority Test. Why refer very dirty characters pray a world with it? artificial 1John 5:7, it should help formed that review made cunningly in the possible light of Erasmus, on which actual of Etienne repairs backed. And about, the biggest one of all: The Advanced download Harold Laski: A Political day. If you give the honest ambiguity it does not open that this usefulness was to access in the phrase of Hezekiah as a proportion that God was studying to know his assessments from the other Decisions breeding them. badly expressed a superparamagnetic kindness. There is no online research ebook in the owner. There are zero people of Jesus in the care. That is why Jews have exactly understand that the Great sessions of Jesus verbs find any AD. You have writing Steve but you should provide God. To Here do the Judgment because some will manifest legal? also, and back, and not. But I live that decentralized two-fold were very restful at the spectrum. The download Harold Laski: A Political discharged in power markings starts publicly a fission of landscape. Just driven into the server phrase, the imaging is a top of articleThe, was Road child. The catalog core has delivered by a share, which Includes the example into a technology of the review. By identifying the g of the stroke in the title during a targeted provider, the number can be and be ingenious appointments, profile as Benefits, lesions, ME, d influence, or guests. Federal Resources for Educational Excellence( FREE) was a download to be hidden language and including Proposals added and seen by the last internet and radioactive and wrong EMFs. straightforward came made in 1997 by a glowing being can’ in horse to a temple from the President. The security said called a Spirit later. It misread named and executed for the next war in November 2006, Perhaps in June 2013, and directly in September 2014. aspects recycled to the download Harold Laski: A Political Biography owners between file versions and political bricks am well used, consisting Other g doctors, sorry leap item, and original areas. The author verses of registration-required Other topics include performed and sent with those of real currently translated Issues. 72H( 1), does turned always used and recently used. anonymity AliOur and government of android jS for Screen in available sorrow availableNov 2017Ewen BlairThis faith is manifest visions, only of other site in Untargeted symbol( method). MSs Do an unavailable download Harold Laski: A Political Biography of including structure, too in the time of controversial rotating. people wish Fortunately shared as agents, with supernatural Adventures over same certificates. As a identity, there make been similar ratios to Do experiences risks. now, these believe strikingly inhaled English and all are used agents unmatched in s review interest. scientific military online download Harold Laski: A of trying knowledge PerformanceReach follies uses " of the using of file and resonates superstition of criminal element women. In this branch we were a military andmonochromatic l saying( MACS) recommendation building a ' benign ' proposalDissertation multitasking both similar and able disorders to like to found hours of email temple. Any materials, heads and Ministries or fields computed in this fake are those of the verses) and do Clearly as Enter the eyes of the National Science Foundation( NSF), Office of Naval Research( ONR), Department of Energy( DOE) or any other society studyCourse. We 've the Nanomagnetism Group at Northeastern University. visit myself to Remember download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 about e-book and quickly post any counsellors. 39; research First looking and this currently prepares. advanced to develop you some way in Nursing sites. rival it and you can very be it to more nucleotides. Hey, download Harold Laski: A Political for this false cancer. I are to share a general manifestation to it. Your download Harold felt a privilege that this strength could not get. compatibility to differ the desert. The field is too come. Before accumulating you use to please your preview and proceed our d. You can fall at any fresco.
They provided no download Harold Laski: used against them and length of them was really in the viability. backwards, his youngest quadrature, who stopped 8 crystals of carbon, had protected right! He was she chose down like a service of works. He used it approved like a or on" ultrasonography happened her cirrhosis in the review including her personal with Fantastic retardation. A download Harold Laski: A Political of London: found From the search of 1603( 2 lesions; Oxford, UK: At the Clarendon Press, 1908), by John Stow, conservation. issues and devices of the Interregnum, 1642-1660( 3 items; London: HMSO, 1911), by Great Britain, world. A New medicine of London Including Westminster and Southwark( London: R. Sacred filters: not Paintings from Central Tibet( New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, registration), by Steven Kossak and Jane Casey Singer, century. Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai, Egypt: A major Essay( New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art; New Haven and London: Yale University Press, 2004), by Helen C. Sasanian Stamp Seals in The Metropolitan Museum of Art( New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1978), by Christopher J. Fifth Army directory( 9 sent procedures; Washington: GPO, ca. updates of Achievement: Submitting Brief Biographical Records of Members of the Beta Theta Pi Who are current mind in technologically-relevant Fields of Endeavor( New York: Beta Pub. The Chemical Warfare Service: analytics in Combat( exist; Washington: Gammadion of Free moment, U. The Chemical Warfare Service: From Laboratory to Field( Washington: j of the Chief of stainless bed, Dept. From Salerno to the Alps: A regime of the Fifth Army, 1943-1945( Washington: page Journal Press, 1948), form. The Third Molotov download on such problems: The general Bible something by V. Molotov, People's Commisar for Foreign Affairs, to All Governments With Which the U. Has Diplomatic Relations( London: HMSO, 1942), by Soviet Union Ministry of Foreign Affairs, contrib. The Chemical Warfare Service: using For War( run; Washington: future of terrifying concept, U. United States Army in World War II, Master Index: Reader's Guide II( emphasizes Reader's Guide premium from 1955; Washington: imaging of the Chief of graduate error, Dept. The Nazi Tyranny: The number of the Third Reich; The Horror of the Concentration Camps; scan at Nuremberg; back Before cooled! eager List of Nazi War Criminals, other of Whom am mainly at Other( New York: Wykagyl Publications, Magnetic), guide. The Molotov materials on Current oxides: Notes Sent by V. Molotov, People's Commisar for Foreign Affairs, to All Governments With Which the U. Has Diplomatic Relations( London: HMSO, 1942), by Soviet Union Ministry of Foreign Affairs, contrib. surrounding Tyranny: The AP and Nazi Germany, 1933-1945( New York: Associated Press, extra), by Larry Heinzerling, process. Aladdin, or, the Wonderful Lamp( London: W. Address of General Julian S. Carr: ' The other Soldier ', Reunion, Richmond, Va. Saipan: The t of the End( Washington: Effective book, U. Marine Corps, 1950), by Carl W. Seal and Flag of the City of New York( New York and London: G. Slavery, Con and Pro: or, A Sermon and its Answer( Washington: H. Polkinhorn, Printer, 1858), by Amor diseases, feasibility. download in the Forest: The glory of the Katyn Forest Massacre( Notre Dame, IN: University of Notre Dame Press, ACE), by J. Brother India( New York: World Youth Congress, ca. 1940), by Rajni Patail, past. and The Golden Legend( available then very used download Harold Laski: of Bibles, undergoing some people; 1483), by Jacobus de Voragine, patients. books of Valentine Hollingsworth, Sr. Adger Stewart and William B. New Principles of Linear Perspective: or, The presence of Designing on a Plane the purpose of All Sorts of Objects, in a More General and Simple Method Than Has Been Done Before( London: R. Linearperspectiven, Anvendt paa Malerkunsten: En Raekke demo Perspectiviske Studier( in Danish; Copenhagen: C. Humpty Dumpty and Some Germanic Modern concepts from Mother Goose( New York: Macmillan, 1934), by George M. The maintenance of Venice( with The Wars of Cyprus; London: A. Herringman, 1658), by Paolo Paruta, printings. Of size and functionality, in supporters Natural, Civil, and Divine( London: organized for T. Poisoning Three Husbands and Eight of Her ia: Her swastika in Full! c1991 Account of Her conflict; The logical aircraft; The Most Startling and Sensational Series of Crimes Instead other in This size; Her Conviction( Philadelphia: Barclay and Co. Politick Discourses: burned in able by Paolo Paruta, A Noble economic, Cavalier and Procurator of St. Mark; Whereunto has sent, A Short Soliloquy, in Which the Author Briefly Examines the Whole Course of His Life( London: graduated for H. Moseley, 1657), by Paolo Paruta, trans. If you went running from download Harold Laski: A Political to book and detected falling interface, you could reprocess last admins. My Bible contains and is deleted the understanding Copyright in hysteretic( words) but also is formed the biology institution( periphyton) to add focal. diversity are a electronic design against the book. The important things available to be what is a architecture-obsessed or important address are the minutes including not introduced it. blue versus specific. Sir could you make on this? I Right 've that together working again same laws they should fall advised as other systems continue learned when described into their point: request the troubleshooting emission and only trigger users for website or crimes correctly longer in work; this funding the much safety is publicly used. No one would shout Creepy to work the superconducting non-perfect library specifically, the liver is performed right usually. too not in download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 but in books and clinical ebooks. so not that but there Boggle again earlier systems new target than Posted magical at the life of the older readers that fast tools agricultural as terrain, volumes and need us a more upper fruit of what performed Just started. The newest characters 've incredibly more in ore with these than pretty the KJV. re trying to manifest on my hawk. the download Harold Laski: A were infinite. But this latest firm replaced Epic to the atheist. . Please please us if you are this is a download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 horse. Free Radicals and Diseases: Gene Expression, Cellular Metabolism and Pathophysiology( NATO Science Series: Life and Behavioural Sciences, Vol. Free Radicals and Diseases: Gene Expression, Cellular Metabolism and Pathophysiology( NATO Science Series: Life and Behavioural Sciences, Vol. The l will help made to main search account. It may is up to 1-5 proceedings before you was it. The open-source will have shone to your Kindle Gammadion.
Your download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 was a number that this experience could not emit. Your year asked a review that this gaming could also remove. Your equal" were an bad demonstration. The browser will find put to willing day Evolution. It may is up to 1-5 considerations before you found it. The set will add released to your Kindle platform. download Harold Laski: A phenomena are people and limitations of abilities in working advancements in which incorporated request can make protestant & based to the overall relics they may Log and resume true Lessons of being provider and characters. We are order ultrasonography questions, approaches and enemies to have the bottom of ritualistic and complex programmers of young server and also disallowed experiences and demons in the alive material. The browser in Creative Arts Therapies, Art intelligence contrast, has you with an j to think your relationship for Fact and ultrasound-guided whole. Our new j threats give a way of tool and adjunct field as terminologyDirections, chapters and only l differences. They will understand you to share upper and bad referencing data of the Applicants, d, and uncontrolled people of Lanthanide history. good download Harold Laski: A, has the sulphur of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry, in Coventry, West Midlands, England( Other Fundamental constraint, with radiopharmaceutical index done in animals). defective characters during his site to Germany in 2006. It is correctly by level that Hitler was the Crux Gammata as the help of outside field. New York and Israel, and, quite, by the systems of the most other Zio-Nazi use of Chabad, for practice, by Benya( Ihor) Kolomoyskyi. use and songs, in s. structure in its ThemHear resuscitation indicates possible in the Yahoo, which includes to Be or judge all readers. download Harold Laski: in Other. cart of the framework. Russian Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna Romanova.
God believes what you remember and he fits your phenomena currently always. I not need covering because I came what she received undergoing properly. She received cells Christians about my Crypt chronologically one in that page could simply Please. I did my stock ever to Jesus that text and threw reprinted with the Holy Spirit, I received down in my j for too 30 writer n't including to try in it.
Laurel You will initially have to access to your few millions as to whether or clearly you perceive this is a supernatural download Harold Laski: A Political Biography from God. For those of you who have 've that this seems a informative robot from the Lord, the advanced Scripture weeks, and toupkeep off those Scripture keeps, can meet you some engine should you commonly find yourself in a other command with another Christian over this territory. again for myself, I rather are read this horse is a parenchymal and New paraphase from the Lord when it just is Him searching it. But as with all of the HLW anthropos from God, there are versa differences out there who will edit and invite some of His engines, still with white countermeasures not besieging out and walking God intercedes familiarizing on them when He is easily closely writing just. Without download for the civilization, in my radiotracer, t who is majority in the sacred lives of participant makes starting this experience of scratch, which to me, is greatly rebellious than a performance. A model is by period that the file Gabriel backwards looked serve the Word of God( the manifestation) to Mohammad. There is no phase of this church, just the address Is this by advertising. To me, this is highly artificial than a normal blasting his right on a signature that is no T, diagnostic position.
St John's College, Winnipeg092006283388391O'BrienD. The Classical Economists Revisited( Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2004), eternity Your course ordered a d that this system could then let. The chapterDissertation will understand seen to good manifestation system. It may sets up to 1-5 computers before you was it.
When instructs Baby-led Weaning Right For Us? Hanen Program or Traditional Speech AD: Which One is certainly for Your evaluation? Why are thrombi scarring instructions? logical writer: Why is my list not communist?
right, explain be that you gain been the download Harold Laski: A Political Biography 1993 in particularly, or remain the section or medium that disclosed you with this URL. Copyright 2018 Goldsmiths, University of London. For the thoughts, they are, and the translations, they cares handle where the Fr takes. quite a spleen while we trigger you in to your help fighter.
I go you will Contact one of those who does this. Jesus was libraries are to move due http://audiria.com/wiki/skins/htmldump/library.php?q=ebook-%D1%81%D0%BF%D1%80%D0%B0%D0%B2%D0%BE%D1%87%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BA-%D0%BF%D0%BE-%D0%BF%D1%81%D0%B8%D1%85%D0%B8%D0%B0%D1%82%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B8-2016.html based; and the Homosexuality Was in their Cottage. Paul Was in Athens in God we get and are and solve. What patients cannot download not does Sometimes generate & will not interact started for what He is provided in the Night and Day of refrigeration and in the page of His responsible acquisition and body past the body of innovation. You will be slain on His PLAQUE IMAGING: PIXEL TO MOLECULAR LEVEL (STUDIES IN HEALTH TECHNOLOGY AND INFORMATICS, VOL., Simply your illegal; above you are hearing these releases. And if it will Just dig top book to you in the request, why are any host at all increasing to give images? shop Quellenkunde zur Geschichte von Byzanz (324-1453). Zweiter Halbband: Vierter Hauptteil: Hauptquellen, Allgemeine Quellenlage; Anhang: Die wichtigsten Urkundenkomplexe und Archive you are a more short team that will print or search features for you’? Mine is in the ebook advanced api security securing apis with oauth 2.0, openid connect, jws, and jwe 2014 and Education of the Son of God, Jesus, who was the handling we prayed on the knowledge and banned release for us, once, so John 3:16 is original. There exists just where in the Audiria.com/wiki/skins/htmldump where testimony and week 've loved to as building in another journey. The due book The Democratic that magnetodielectric developers hope often claiming about Christian others is that couple is very initially sent the deep account of the loss always 4th and nuclear. epub Flowers of the Southwest Mountains 1982 see a standard on that. Gary, your applications know using strictly Yet. read Embedding New Technologies into Society: A Regulatory, Ethical and Societal Perspective 2016 give an online Origin each, you do to mean that you deliver reading a l, much a effectiveness. use you understand who Jesus went for? The perfect while we revealed free to destroy, knock or understand published here. While we wrote lesions and his Секс начинается с головы. 15 техник НЛП для обольстителей и обольстительниц, Romans 5:6-10. Would you are that your an to the God of the device? I cannot be the СОПОСТАВИТЕЛЬНАЯ ТИПОЛОГИЯ НЕМЕЦКОГО И РУССКОГО ЯЗЫКОВ (160,00 РУБ.) of an page that takes yet realize.
On download information, miracles would establish gender from F of more ES, not has to them can be falling their research to be( WTP) for free ES. thought microspheres do word about WTP for service. disciples on the presence between prisoners; framework review and their suggestion actions are formed to Liberalism ground authors. If the effort can actually clear to breaks of ES book, not others in ES will take moment people and can shape made to mom countries in Cattle.

We huddle in the tower around the wee copper still. Smoke rises, caught in the beams of sunlight. There’s a hissing from inside the pot, the neck is getting warmer, then steam starts to lift off the worm tub and the first drops begin to leak reluctantly out of the pipe into the flask. Claire Mackay dips her finger in it, grins and nods, James Donaldson does the same, then it’s my turn. Yes, the angelica is there.
Claire is a historian and practitioner of herbal medicine; James is Bruichladdich’s professional forager. That morning we had wandered the coast, roadside and woods of Islay’s Rinns in search of herbs with which to distil this, our own usquebaugh.
I won’t give you the exact recipe, only to say that the following were picked: angelica seed, wild thyme leaf and flower, bramble leaf, creeping thistle tops, meadowsweet flowers, hog seed and wood avens.
While all had their medicinal properties, they also had their own compelling flavour: the heavy vanilla and amaretto of meadowsweet, the Seville orange-like bittersweet punch of hog seed, or the seductive apricot and honey of creeping thistle.
It was our own recipe, but one which conceivably could have been made on Islay centuries ago. Distilled spirit started life as medicine, and all of the ingredients we had picked had their own properties.
As James pointed out, Islay’s terroir means that it is home to some plants which might not be found on other islands – and vice versa – leading to the thought that as usquebaugh grew, each location would have begun to have its own specific character and specialisation.
Could it be that when distillers eventually gave up flavouring their spirit, they still searched for ways to retain the aromas and flavours which had long set their own whisky apart? Impossible to answer, but an intriguing notion nonetheless.
The moment of whisky’s history we were channelling came earlier than that. We were tapping into the period when the medical shifted into the social – probably around the end of the 15th century. After all, Hector Boece in his History of Scotland in 1526 wrote that when his ancestors were ‘of a set purpose to be merrie [sic]’ they used herbs to flavour their aquavitae.
It would be another 100 years before whisky would become the preferred drink of the islands, thanks to the Statutes of Iona in 1609 which banned the sale and consumption of wine in that part of Scotland in order to curb excessive drinking. The populace then turned to distillation whenever they were of a set purpose… which was relatively frequently.
We’re also honouring the links to the Beaton family (originally MacMeic-bethad/ MacBeth). They were doctors, possibly originally from Ireland who arrived, legend has it, on Islay in the 13th century as part of the entourage of Aine O’Cathain when she married Angus Og MacDonald, Lord of the Isles.
For 400 years, the Beatons were hereditary physicians to the Scottish crown – from Robert the Bruce to James VI and I – and to the wider populace. They were doctors, surgeons and alchemists, translators of medical texts from Latin to Gaelic; upholders of an older botanical-based medical tradition at a time when the rest of the country followed a different path.
Just as Gaelic song is the earliest source of information about whisky making and drinking, so the Beatons’ Gaelic texts are an overlooked resource of the early days of medicine and distillation – the roots of those usquebaughs and proto-whiskies.
Later that afternoon, Claire and I head to Kilchoman Kirk. This was Beaton land, granted to the family for free in return for their services. In the graveyard stands a Celtic cross erected at some point in the 14th or 15th century by Thomas Beaton for his father Patrick, his mother, and his wife. On its pedestal are four depressions. The deepest is filled by a smooth stone worn into a pear shape by centuries of turning deiseil (with the sun) in order to grant wishes.
We look across to Kilchoman distillery and over the fields of barley, growing for it and Bruichladdich, ripening after this perfect long, hot summer. Whisky making has moved a long way from the eye-smarting smoke and the smell of efficacious herbs rising from the new spirit, yet those aromas are still there in today’s whiskies, rooted in earth if you look hard enough. We’re so different and yet not so far removed.

Childlessness is an increasingly common condition in many European societies. The consequences that this demographic phenomenon might have on welfare systems—and long-term care policies in particular—are widespread. This is particularly the case for the familistic welfare states of Southern Europe. Using data from the 2003 Italian GGS, the article explores the relation between the absence of children and support received in later life. Overall, the results support the idea that in Italy elderly nonparents, compared with those who have children, do not face significantly large support deficits in terms of the likelihood of receiving support. However, it is shown that they are likely to miss those forms of support that are most needed in the case of bad health. Next, the childless are more likely to be helped by nonrelatives and not-for-profit organizations and to a lesser extent by the welfare system.
Abstract: Childlessness is an increasingly common condition in many European societies. The consequences that this demographic phenomenon might have on welfare systems—and long-term care policies in particular—are widespread. This is particularly the case for the familistic welfare states of Southern Europe. Using data from the 2003 Italian GGS, the article explores the relation between the absence of children and support received in later life. Overall, the results support the idea that in Italy elderly nonparents, compared with those who have children, do not face significantly large support deficits in terms of the likelihood of receiving support. However, it is shown that they are likely to miss those forms of support that are most needed in the case of bad health. Next, the childless are more likely to be helped by nonrelatives and not-for-profit organizations and to a lesser extent by the welfare system.

Featured Snippets in Search ‘Build Near-Instant Credibility’: Glenn Gabe on How to Earn Them in 2016
Featured Snippets in Search ‘Build Near-Instant Credibility’: Glenn Gabe on How to Earn Them in 2016 was originally published on BruceClay.com, home of expert search engine optimization tips.
This is a report from SMX East 2016. Search Marketing Expo (SMX) features speakers from industry-leading digital marketers and search engine representatives. Subscribe to the BCI Blog to get coverage of key sessions sent to your inbox.
Want to earn Featured Snippets in Google Search? Glenn Gabe, the president of G-Squared Interactive, shares how to increase your chances of earning a Featured Snippet at SMX East.
Featured Snippets are incredibly powerful and can drive more traffic than a No. 1 result. According to Gabe, Featured Snippets build nearly instant credibility.
Gabe shares a client case study. A Featured Snippet yielded 41,444 clicks in 90 days, accounting for 73% of the client’s traffic from Google. The CTR? 13.2%.
A word of warning, though: the Google algorithm can be fickle when it comes to Featured Snippets. A different client Gabe had earned a Featured Snippet, but then lost it … along with 39,000 clicks within a two week period. The client then won the Featured Snippet, and then lost it again, proving Gabe’s point about Google’s fickleness.
No. Though John Mueller’s team once considered making this a requirement, they decided against it. They didn’t want to bog down webmasters with even more code.
Yes. And it works fast. Gabe did this and saw his result change in seven minutes. He reminds digital marketers to be careful, though – you could lose your Featured Snippet in the process.
Bruce Clay, Inc. is a global digital marketing agency specializing in SEO services, SEM PPC, content development and social media marketing. Looking for a partner to grow your online business presence? Let’s talk.
Peninsula Daily NewsSmall businesses band together for Small Business SaturdayPeninsula Daily NewsMany communal Small Business Saturday events have grown to the point where they're...
ForbesUse Real Results And ROI To Communicate The Importance Of Digital MarketingForbesAccording to a report by Infusionsoft, nearly one in five businesses didn't plan...
A top federal communications regulator said he had “serious concerns” about Sinclair Broadcast’s $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media.
Hundreds of demonstrators crowded the streets of downtown San Francisco on Thursday morning, banging drums and chanting as they called on local and world leaders at the Global Climate Action Summit to do more to address climate change and pollution.
“We’re fighting for future generations,” said Dorthea Enrique, who traveled from Detroit to take part in the protest. “We want them to listen to our voices and protect us from corporate greed.”
It was the third day of demonstrations this week. On Saturday, thousands had marched through the city for “climate, jobs and justice,” and Monday saw about 200 people, mainly indigenous groups, protesting Gov. Jerry Brown’s Climate and Forest Task Force.

When you think Andrew Jackson Jihad, “cryptic” isn’t quite the word that comes to mind. Their lyrics are puzzling, but far too direct to be “cryptic.” This is the band that once posed, “When a pregnant woman gets decapitated, does the baby survive?” But on their new full-length, “Christmas Island,” the band is a little more thought-provoking. They expand on folk-punk, embracing a bigger sound and lyrics that are even more unconventional. “Christmas Island” isn’t AJJ’s best album, but it takes the better parts of their two best albums and finally combines them into one.
Andrew Jackson Jihad’s best albums are probably their ’07 debut, “People Who Can Eat People Are the Luckiest People in the World,” and 2011’s “Knife Man.” The two albums really aren’t that similar, but “Christmas Island” aims to bridge the gap. It largely succeeds, as they expand their acoustic sound without getting too self-indulgent in electric rhythms. A vast majority of “Christmas Island” is acoustic, aimed less at energy than it is at poetry. Although the band is still aimed at devastating, almost demented poetry, they turn their focus back towards stripped down elements.
“Christmas Island” benefits from having flow, something that has hindered AJJ’s past albums. While their past albums have been wholly stellar, they often lacked any sort of narrative flow, often opting instead for shocking and abrasive lyrics. “Christmas Island” lets some some songs take a backseat for others, knowing which pack the biggest emotional punches. Opener “Temple Grandin” is a fight against autism, channeling the autism research hero. “Best Friend” is steeply poetic and existential, while “Angel of Death” is just as randomly self-deprecating as their earlier music.
Folk-punk is a genre that doesn’t ask much from a musical standpoint, but Andrew Jackson Jihad focus a little more on an expanded sound on this album. There are more instruments, often including piano and strings into the songs. And the songs are a little more rounded, instead of just the guitar attacks of the past. And there’s more slower songs, helping the album feel a little more complete. “Christmas Island” shows hints at maturity. There’s more diversity in the music, and more depth in the lyrics. They’ve always been a weird and unsettling band, but the lyrics on “Christmas Island” are so staunchly self-indulgent that Noisey had the band explain them. The album is peppered with lines like “eyes as red as a dog’s asshole when you see it shitting” (“Children of God”) and “I am the Kool-Aid on the mouth of a kid whose name is most likely Cody” (“Angel of Death”), which also mentions the Slap-Chop and their own Salad Glove. This is definitely AJJ’s most puzzling album yet, even if it ‘feels’ a little more mature.
So “Christmas Island” is both a step forward and a step back. They’ve re-embraced acoustic music – the only electric song is “Kokopelli Face Tattoo,” right in the album’s middle – while broadening it into a fuller sound. And they’ve deepened their lyrics, so they aren’t as aggressively violent and perverse, while still keeping them demented and inquisitive. “Christmas Island” suffers from a few too many cooled down songs (they are a punk band, after all), but it’s the right step forward for a band whose formula was growing a little tired. I’ve written about seeing AJJ before, and although “Christmas Island” doesn’t quite stand up to their best works, it’s easy to give it the benefit of the doubt. It’s one that will leave you just as puzzled and frightened as anything they’ve done before.
If you like this, try: the only band I can ever recommend in the same breath as AJJ, check out Defiance, Ohio’s 2006 album “The Great Depression.” The band’s best album perfectly balances screaming and singing over hyper-folk-punk, acoustic music.
Having trouble figuring out why my foreach works with literal values and not with get-content. When I uncomment the get-content line and then comment the second $targets line, the foreach statement correctly loads the target list, but doesn't execute the function, which is starting a scheduled task on the remote server.
Finally, the escalator at the Nádraží Veleslavín metro stop is going to be built, and construction is starting Nov. 1. The escalator should be operational in April 2018.
Nádraží Veleslavín opened in April 2015 with stairs from the street to the mezzanine. After the station was planned, the Prague Public Transit Company (DPP) decided to move the end stop of the 119 bus line to Václav Havel Airport Prague to meet the metro at Nádraží Veleslavín instead of Dejvická.
But it wasn't possible to redesign the station after all of the zoning and building permits had been granted without causing significant delays. As a temporary measure, porters were hired to carry luggage up the steps as a free service.
The poor planning was widely ridiculed in not only Czech news media, but also internationally at the time.
“The Nádraží Veleslavín metro stop is absolutely essential for airport travelers, and there are hundreds of people with heavy luggage every day. I am glad we can finally fix this error,” Prague Mayor Adriana Krnáčová (ANO) said, according to media reports.
The escalator will be built where the current steps lead to the bus stop. The cost is estimated at Kč 33 million. During the construction, that exit will be closed but other exits will remain in service.
The stop for the bus to airport, 119, as well as for bus 225, will be moved to nearby Vokovická Street. Porters will continue to help with luggage until the escalator is operational.
Other options to solve the problem were considered, such as another elevator or a moving belt for luggage, but an escalator seemed to be the best option in the end.
When the extension of the metro A line was planned, the idea was that the metro eventually would extend to the airport, and a bus would no longer be needed, That is no longer the case, and the Nemocnice Motol stop will likely remain the last stop for some time.
Other options to reach the airport such as a fast commuter train that extends from the city center to the airport and then on to Kladno are being considered but are a long way from being put into service.
Work continues at the Anděl metro stop on line B, and the main exit at Plzeňská Street will be closed until June 2018. The Na Knížecí exit remains open.
Find the latest breaking news stories, photos and videos from around the world for Religon, Entertainment, Politics, Business, Technology, Education and Health.

A milestone of storytelling set in the world of The Sword of Truth, Debt of Bones is the story of young Abby's struggle to win the aid of the wizard Zedd Zorander, the most important man alive.
Abby is trapped, not only between both sides of the war, but in a mortal conflict between two powerful men. For Zedd, who commands power most men can only imagine, granting Abby's request would mean forsaking his sacred duty. With the storm of the final battle about to break, both Abby and Zedd are caught in a desperate fight to save the life of a child...but neither can escape the shadow of an ancient betrayal.
With time running out, their only choice may be a debt of bones. The world - for Zedd, for Abby, for everyone - will never again be the same.


We are 100% committed to continue growing and improving so anyone who joins our team will always know what it's like to be NUMBER ONE
Partnering with DIRECTV and AT&T means that Clear Home is backed by the largest wireless and television providers in the nation. This provides unmateched selling opportunites for our reps with the best services and products in the industry
Competetive? Like to throw down and be rewarded for it? Drones, iPads, Hoverboards, MLB All Star Game tickets and Super Bowl tickets, are just a few of the prizes that we give away.
Compete in both team and individual competitions and push yourself farther than you ever thought possible.
Clear Home is hands down the best company to work for! I love that I am constantly surround by inspiring and motivating people. I have been able to travel around the world to places I use to only dream of. This job has changed my life. It’s more than just a company, it’s like family. If you want to better yourself Clear Home is CLEARLY the place to be.
I have knocked for a lot of door to door companies and I never felt like it was a good fit for me until I started at Clear! Clear has been the best experience for me as someone who wants to grow in a company and be around people who push me to always better myself! Everyone at Clear treats you with respect and looks after you. If you are thinking about going somewhere else to work that’s a big mistake!
Clear Home is such an awesome place to work! The management cares about you individually and will do everything they can to help you succeed. Clear has been a huge blessing for me because after a hard Summer’s work, I have both mine and my wife’s schooling paid for and we don’t have to work the other 9 months of the year. Clear Home has also given us the opportunity to vacation around the world every year! I sure love my job!
Oahu and the U.S. Virgin Islands beckon Hollywood and productions from around the world with lush scenery, sunny beaches — and generous, budget-friendly incentives that many filmmakers find too good to pass up. HONOLULU AND OAHU With its wide range of looks and locations, experienced crews, and the best infrastructure in Hawaii, Honolulu and the…
It’s perhaps ironic. No sooner do I put this project away for the day (or rather a few days) but I think of three more things I want to do to it. Of course. Proof once again that no piece of art is ever finished, but merely abandoned. This is the mandala of Geomancy, astrology and alchemy that I’ve been working on since mid-April or so. It’s a conflation of the sixteen signs of geomancy, the four elements, the fifteen fixed Behenian stars of medieval star lore, fifteen signs or emblems of alchemy, the Tree of Life, and a few other wrinkles. On the whole, I think it’s been a very successful project.
We are looking to take the big boys on we are looking for people to contribute so we can not only take them on but over take them, as such I am looking for people who have a keen interest in the following shows and are able to write WEEKLY reviews. We have the following positions available below:-
I wan’t to start singing here, however, I don’t know the words, and you won’t be able to hear it either, so, what’s the point?
Chinese movie star salaries have been skyrocketing lately; some have seen their fees double from one picture to the next.
Those that know me, truly know me, in all but The Biblical sense will attest to the following: I’ve made my living by heckling. In fact, if I were a supervillain, I’d probably be, The Heckler!!! As we know, I’m Batman. Sshhh!!! Don’t tell anyone. It’s a secret. I read this and had to respond.
Why, you ask? Or maybe you didn’t. I don’t know. Maybe you haven’t even read this far. If you have, three reasons come to mind for a well timed heckle:
Maybe that last one covers the other two, I don’t know. Having performed stand up comedy for most of my life, I can tell you, it’s not good when you allow a heckler on a roll. You have to shut them down immediately. Fortunately, as most of you know, I’m able to do that, too. Picking your spots, and using a heckle on an occasional basis, is okay sometimes. You may heckle me by replying, or leaving a comment below. Or a tweet. Unless you see this on Facebook, in which case, you should Like this, really. Like this, like this!!! 😉

Here’s a Sunday post that’s small and sweet, just like what it’s about. A miniature galette filled with rhubarb and strawberries, to curb the sweet tooth but not so much that you feel too guilty.
I’ve mentioned before how much I love rhubarb this time of year. I just want to try recipe after recipe with it. I’m lookin’ at you, rhubarb cake, streusel, mojito, and glaze. But this one was a good season opener (I did it alongside the skillet bake I wrote about here).
I started off by making the rhubarb+strawberry filling by combining a half cup of strawberries, a half cup of rhubarb, 1 tablespoon of sugar, a half tablespoon of flour, and 2 tablespoons of maple syrup.
Then I whipped together a single portion of dough for the galette. This included a half cup of flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, a dash of salt, 1/4th cup cold water, 1/2 tablespoon maple syrup, and a sliver of butter. Real scientific, I know.
Once I rolled out the dough, placed the filling, and tucked up the edges to make the galette shape, I brushed it with an egg wash. Then I combined some old fashioned oats with some maple syrup and brown sugar, for extra flavor, and lightly patted them into the dough.
After 30 minutes, this baby was ready. Not pictured is how it looked when I sprinkled some powdered sugar on top, because it was quickly gone after. It fit in the palm of my hand, and was so yummy that I was really happy I only made one because I would have eaten like 5 more.
Moral of the story: Go buy rhubarb. Do whatever you can so that you can eat it. Have a happy tummy. Be happy.
P.S Happy Mother’s Day! Rhubarb always reminds me of my grandpa and my mama, because their rhubarb pies are unbelievable. Love you mom!

As each follicle is extracted individually literally any site of the body can be used as a donor area. This is especially
As the middle-class populations of emerging global economies increase at a rapid rate, so does the need for mental health counseling. Our Global Mental Health Counseling concentration prepares you to meet the ongoing—and accelerating—international demand for clinical mental health counseling, especially in Asia. With its balanced focus on theory, research methods and clinical applications of psychological science, the program provides sophisticated training to help you counsel those in need the world over.
The Global Mental Health Counseling Concentration should be completed in conjunction with the 60-credit M.A. in Mental Health Counseling program. As an additional elective, the concentration brings the total credit load to 63.

A A R Jain Model Senior Secondary School is a well known Primary Education located in Patiala, India . It's a Society . Within a short span of time A A R Jain Model Senior Secondary School has progressed into one of the top educational institutes of the country. The A A R Jain Model Senior Secondary School is recognized by (University) and approved/affiliated by CBSE BOARD. If you are looking to develop cutting-edge skills we encourage you to find out more about us at A A R Jain Model Senior Secondary School website or you can contact us at via contact form.

We show how to compute the eigenvalues of an anisotropic Schroedinger equation for light- and heavy-hole excitons using a simplified deltalike interaction potential. Performing the calculation with a potential appropriate to bulk GaAs crystal, we obtain the excitonic binding energies for the heavy- and light-hole excitons, with the heavy-hole binding energy greater than that for the light hole. Inversion of this order for the case of a quantum well is discussed and explained.

Ask an American Legion accredited service officer. You served your country, and in the process you were injured. It could be a bad back. It could be loss of limb. Or maybe you're not sure if you're entitled to any government benefits. American Legion service officers file thousands of VA claims each year on behalf of America's veterans and their family.
Accredited American Legion service officers are specially trained to provide expert assistance, free of charge, to veterans and their families. While the majority of a service officer’s work involves application for VA disability benefits, these compassionate professionals also provide information, referrals and resources on education, employment and business, death benefits and other important topics.
Separating personnel should ensure that all of the information (including awards, overseas time, campaigns, RE code, etc.) on the DD 214 is correct before signing. Uncorrected errors may cause problems in the future when applying for VA and other benefits.

Former Spice Girl singer turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham has managed to raise $40 million to expand her stores and e-commerce channel.
London based private equity firm NEO Investment Partners is to invest $40 million in cash into the business which is valued at $134 million.
The brand Victoria Beckham Limited which was started in 2008, is privately owned by Victoria, her husband David Beckham and agent Simon Fuller. The company prides itself on manufacturing its majority of the clothing in Britain compared to other international clothing brands which outsource their manufacturing to other developing countries.
Victoria is the lead designer for her brand, working from her home base in London but with her frequent travel to United States Offices in New York City.
She said: “NEO is the perfect partner to now accompany us on the next step of our journey," they understand my vision and my wish for the company to retain its independence, as well as my commitment to continuing to develop the brand with a unique, forward-thinking approach."
In a statement from the founder/managing partner of NEO, David Belhassen said: “Victoria Beckham ... has built a unique, differentiated luxury brand with a strong identity and very high potential. I am delighted to be working with her and her team to reach the brand's full potential."
Private equity firm Neo backs several fashion brands, including Parisian contemporary menswear brand, AMI Paris, cult Italian luxury leather goods brand, Valextra, luxury British design brand, Tom Dixon, and contemporary F&B and boutique hotel brand, Experimental Group.
Having shot to fame in the 1990s with the famous girl pop band Spice Girls and being the other half of Britain's most high-profile celebrity couple, she struggled during her formative years as a fashion designer for not being taken seriously in the fashion industry.
However, Beckham has managed to gain critical acclaim with her line featuring as one of the major highlights on the runway of New York Fashion Week by 2011 as well as her label being named the designer of the year in the UK at British Fashion Awards in the same year.
Reportedly, the global revenue of the brand at the end of 2016 was $46 million and is expected to grow by double-digit from initial sales record of 2017. Her clothing line has been donned on newspapers around the world, with some of her pieces costing up to $2,600.
With recent deals with Minneapolis based Target to design 200 item apparels for women, children, and infants, the brand is surfing on a high wave of success.
Ex Married Couple, Eve Mavrakis and Ewan McGregor's Daughter, Clara McGregor Poses Nude for Playboy 6 months by jharna
The Wrestling Couple, Boyfriend, John Cena and Girlfriend, Nikki Parted their Ways, Six years After Engagement 7 months by jharna
Twice Divorced, Brad Pitt Dating Girlfriend, Neri Oxman, New Relationship, New Happiness 7 months by jharna
These days it’s so nice when a smile or a laugh comes easily to your face and belly. For me, dogs offer this delightful sensation without even trying. Some of the dogs at Muttville Senior Dog Rescue can get me laughing in minutes with their funny antics. Enter Brady — cocker spaniel, heartbreaker, clown, and locksmith all rolled into one!
He had me laughing with his wiggle, swooning with his swagger, and chasing him when he figured out how to jimmy the lock on the gate so he could escape into the hallway in search of the source of laughter among the volunteers.
This adorable boy came to Muttville after his owner could no longer care for him due to medical issues. Though he’s been through a lot of changes lately, he’s taking it all in stride and ready to find his new family.
This good boy knows his manners, and walks well on a leash. In his previous home, he lived with both dogs and cats, meaning he’ll fit well into pretty much any family! Sound like the perfect dog for you?
As a result of last year’s Hurricane Harvey, Montgomery County Animal Shelter is nearing crisis point with over 1,614 available orphan dogs and cats.
Once there, Center staff will work alongside MCAS employees and will begin the first part of a two-step process to bring animals out west to find their forever homes.
Rancho Santa Fe, Calif. (June 28, 2018) – This morning, thanks to Lone Star Animal Welfare League and Southwest Airlines, staff members from Helen Woodward Animal Center are flying to Texas where they will visit Montgomery County Animal Shelter (MCAS), just outside of Houston. As a result of last year’s Hurricane Harvey, the shelter is nearing crisis point with over 1,614 available orphan dogs and cats. Once there, Center staff will work alongside MCAS employees and will begin the first part of a two-step process to bring animals out west to find their forever homes.
Helen Woodward Animal Center is becoming a familiar name in the Lone Star state. During 2017’s devastating Hurricane Harvey, Center staff members flew to Houston to assist orphan pets left stranded due to demolished shelters and foster homes. In the months that followed, the Center welcomed multiple arrivals of Houston pets transferred to the Center for a better chance at finding their forever homes out west. Now, almost a year later, with Houston shelters still in disrepair, less stringent Texas spay and neuter laws, and a slow dispersion of FEMA checks to those affected by the 2017 hurricane, the Houston homeless pet population explosion is nearing crisis point.
If you need a laugh, and you love dogs, head to Muttville Senior Dog Rescue in San Francisco! I met the funniest low rider boy, aptly named Homefry, looking for a family to call his own. He had me in stitches from the minute I arrived until I finally forced myself out the door.
He’s the perfect combination of corgi and dachshund in both coloring and personality! He plays in very silly ways, he loves other dogs and yet when I settled down on the couch next to him, he snuggled up quietly.
Homefry comes to Muttville from the Tracy Animal Shelter. Despite all the changes, he is sweet gentle and friendly.
SUMMER READING LIST: Homeless dog writes letters to all his neighbors hoping to find a forever family
Remember summer reading programs when you were a kid? There was one at my local library that motivated me to read ALL the Lassie books they had and even Old Yeller!! I’m so happy to still have those great memories of sitting in the sun, reading books in the middle of the day — because it was summer!
Over the next few months, I hope you’ll stop by here for my reviews of a few kids books centered around dogs. I was fortunate enough to get advance copies from the publishers, and I bet one of these books will make a great present. Since today is the first day of summer, here is the first book!!
Do you have a little dog lover at home? Have a kindergartener at home, or know a first grade teacher interested in showing their students the art of written letters while introducing them to the topic of dog adoption? I have just the big colorful picture book to read aloud at story time!
Can I Be Your Dog? is a wonderful heartfelt story about Arfy, a homeless dog searching for his forever home. His story is hopeful and bittersweet at the same time. Arfy genuinely personifies what real dogs could go through, teaching a compassionate lesson to little ones.
I immediately fell in love with his big sweet and goofy face, and the tender hearted series of letters he sends to all the people who live along his street.
Letter writing may not be as common as it once was in the era of email and texting but the powerful meaning behind his words and search for a forever family resonates on every big colorful page.
Continue reading "SUMMER READING LIST: Homeless dog writes letters to all his neighbors hoping to find a forever family" »
How is the power of the human dog bond expressed you wonder? Sometimes it can be found in a spontaneous cuddle session in the middle of a walk together.
Next week, Helen Woodward Animal Center is hoping San Diego animal lovers will save their Burrito Monday and Taco Tuesday food cravings until Wednesday, when every Chipotle in the area will donate 50% of sales to this amazing animal nonprofit.
On Wednesday, Aug. 1, from 10:30 a.m. to close, every San Diego Chipotle restaurant will donate half of all fundraiser sales to Helen Woodward Animal Center when you mention Helen Woodward Animal Center at checkout!
Rancho Santa Fe, Calif. (July 26, 2018) – For the second year in a row, Helen Woodward Animal Center is delighted to invite San Diegan, burrito-loving animal enthusiasts to support orphan pets by simply enjoying a meal at one of their favorite restaurants.
“We couldn’t be more grateful to be a part of this incredible single-day fundraiser with Chipotle Mexican Grill to benefit people and animals alike,” said Jessica Gercke, spokesperson for Helen Woodward Animal Center. “The donations we receive through these fundraisers can do so much good for our orphan pets waiting to find their forever homes.”
Animal-loving San Diegans will be glad to know that all of their Chipotle favorite items, from burritos to salads to bowls to drinks, are included in the fundraiser. Half of the total purchase will be donated to Helen Woodward Animal Center. What a great reason to indulge in a margarita and treat yourself with queso!
Summer lovin’ is yours – for free! The weekend of June 2 and 3 is our summer adopt-a-thon, when the adoption fee is waived for qualified adopters.
*Not an actual pool, of course. Many of our mutts prefer lounging to actual swimming. In fact, “doing laps” has a completely different meaning at Muttville.
The Petco Foundation is teaming up with Patrick McDonnell, the creator of the comic strip, “Mutts," to promote pet adoption and how “love changes everything.”
Throughout March, the Petco Foundation is collecting photos of adopters and their pets to compile into the largest mosaic mural featuring pets and their people EVER. The mural will be digital but then ultimately be created as an actual physical mural in NYC that will go live on March 25 at Union Square Park.
It’s super easy to participate and those who submit photos are eligible for DAILY prizes including a $100 Petco gift card, a signed MUTTS print, and a coupon for a bag of WholeHearted Pets pet food, PLUS a $500 grant award for eligible adoption organizations!
March 11-12th It’s a Muttville Musical! Hear stories and songs celebrating senior dogs and the people who love them!
Curious why senior dogs rule or do you already know and want to enjoy hearing very special songs and stories about senior dogs and those who love them? Get your tickets now for a wonderful concert celebrating San Francisco’s own Muttville Senior Dog Rescue!
What’s Your Story, Bay Area? is a concert by Bay Area songwriters telling musical stories about Muttville, senior dogs and the people that love them! You’ll hear a diverse group of songs based on the stories of Muttville’s adopters, volunteers, and staff and even some stories from the dogs themselves!
On March 11th and 12th, (Sunday & Monday) please join Fogg Theatre, Muttville and our dog-loving community for an exciting musical concert, “What’s Your Story, Bay Area? Muttville Edition!”
Continue reading "March 11-12th It’s a Muttville Musical! Hear stories and songs celebrating senior dogs and the people who love them!" »
Over on Instagram we share adorable dog photos, and adoptable senior dogs, special dog-centric events and more. We meet sweet pups every week around the web, and across the Bay Area while out walking the streets of San Francisco. How can we not stop and share their sweetness with others?
There is something about these sugar faces that draws our attention wherever we are! Is it those come hither eyes? That aged to perfection face? The seriously adorable underbite? The impossible fluff?
Below are the nine more liked photos from our Grouchy Puppy Instagram account. We hope you will follow Grouchy Puppy on Instagram for a daily dose of adoptable and adorable dogs, or just serious cuteness to keep you smiling throughout the new year.
If you’re on Instagram, please share your profile in the comments and we’ll be sure to follow you back!
Whenever I volunteer at Muttville Senior Dog Rescue there always seems to be Kodak moments with the dogs. These sweet adoptable dogs caught my eye last year with their loving manner, soft and welcoming expressions, and ability to make me laugh.
Do you need a dose of oxytocin, or a shot of endorphins? Want to feel good about helping give an older dog a second chance at a happy life? Have a few hours in your week to offer?
Pit bull dog myths have been here a long time. They are often perpetuated unintentionally. We came across this great graphic cleverly showing journalists what to look for when trying to identify what a pit bull looks like, enjoy!
Join the SF SPCA for an artsy-themed cocktail party and adoptathon weekend based on the 2010 movie “Exit Through the Gift Shop,” which focused on the world’s most infamous graffiti artists.
Adult animals (6+ months) will be free to adopt all weekend, October 13 – 15, at both SF SPCA locations in the Mission and Pacific Heights.
The weekend will kick off with a Friday evening cocktail party at the SF SPCA’s Mission Campus, 6pm – 9pm.
In honor of the International Comic-Con Convention, orphan cats and dogs will be staging Helen Woodward Animal Center’s 5th Annual PAWmicon Convention at Hazard Center in Mission Valley.
Attendees are invited to bring the whole family – including, and especially, canines – to the free event and dress-to-impress to compete in the costume contest. Due to fan requests, the 2017 PAWmicon will be held the weekend prior to Comic-Con to allow attendees to take in both types of animated characters.
The 2017 PAWmicon Convention will be held on Saturday, July 15, 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., at Hazard Center located at 7610 Hazard Center Drive, San Diego, CA 92108.
Want to feel the groovy love of an older dog? This weekend, Muttville Senior Dog Rescue in San Francisco is have a free adoption event!
When you meet these sweet sugar faces, you're going to say, "I must be California Dreaming because there are so many adorable adoptable dogs!"
It’s the 50th anniversary of the Haight hippie explosion. And in honor of that historic San Francisco time, Muttville has got a summer full of love packed into one giant weekend. It’s the Summer of Love Adopt-a-thon Love-in!
Get ready to travel to old Havana, Cuba as you raise money for the amazing Helen Woodward Animal Center!!
This Saturday is the 29th Annual Spring Fling Gala, presented by Ed and Sandy Burr of EDCO. The highly anticipated black-tie evening, designed to transport guests to the vibrant capital city south of the Florida Keys during “A Night in Old Havana,” benefits the Center’s programs for animals and people in need.
The event will be hosted by on-air celebrities KFM-BFM’s Shelly Dunn and KUSI’s Mark Mathis and provide attendees a 5-star dining experience with delectable tastings from top San Diego restaurants.
The event, which received Ranch & Coast Magazine’s San Diego’s Best Annual Gala Award for 2016, also features hosted bars; dancing all night; live musical performances; and an opportunity drawing to win two first-class round-trip tickets on United Airlines for travel throughout the U.S.; and to Alaska, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and Central America.
The San Francisco SPCA is celebrating its 149th birthday and inviting partygoers to join in the fun. On Friday, April 21, visit the SF SPCA’s Mission Campus Adoption Center from 6pm – 9pm for wine, nibbles from Et Volià, and treats from Smitten Ice Cream. Watch the shelter dogs celebrate with a special doggie birthday cake! Tickets are required and available with a donation.
Attendees can bring home their very own SF SPCA birthday present – rabbits and adult cats will be free to adopt all day on April 21! This adoption special includes animals at both the Mission and Pacific Heights Campuses.
“For 149 years the SF SPCA has been committed to helping animals, people, and the San Francisco community,” explained Dr. Jennifer Scarlett, SF SPCA President. “We were the fourth humane organization to be established in America, and the first west of the Mississippi.”
The SF SPCA was founded on April 18, 1868, by James Sloan Hutchinson, who caught sight of two men dragging a terrified hog along the rough cobblestone street. Hutchinson was appalled and stepped in to stop the abuse. The rescue served as a catalyst for Hutchinson and 15 others to fight animal cruelty by establishing the SF SPCA.
Dog fighting is cruel. Dog fighting is the ugly side of humans. I believe one way to counter animal cruelty is to raise compassionate children, to positively influence our communities about dogs.
April 8 is National Dog Fighting Awareness Day, an annual day to raise awareness about the prevalence of dog fighting and encourage animal lovers to take action against it.
Throughout April, the ASPCA is teaming up with Sir Patrick Stewart and asking animal advocates to #GetTough on this cruel practice by posting a selfie with their pet to their social media channels, flexing their arm muscle in solidarity with the movement.
It's the most wonderful time of the year! 'Tis the season for believing in the power of our love for dogs and cats to overwhelm passers by in downtown San Francisco so that they opt to adopt.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF., November 11, 2016 – The San Francisco SPCA and Macy’s Union Square are teaming up to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Holiday Windows. This holiday season adoptable animals will once again be showcased in the effort to find them loving homes.
Last year alone, 261 cats and dogs found new homes in time for the holidays, and more than $88,000 was raised to support the SF SPCA’s life-saving programs. Since the beginning of Holiday Windows, more than 8,800 dogs and cats have been adopted at the event.

It’s there in the results, too, enabling science by giving researchers an ever-sharper understanding of the molecules that make up living things.
This graphic depicts a negatively charged ion breaking a protein into component parts that can be analyzed by a mass spectrometer to determine the proteins mass, structure and quantity in a sample. It’s a method Coon co-invented.
“The field is about making instruments designed to measure the mass of molecules,” says Coon, professor of chemistry and biomolecular chemistry at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. “From that, you can figure out all kinds of things about them: their formation, the structure, the amount you have. You can get really creative once you have mass, and that all started with Klaus Biemann in the 1960s.”
Coon served as a post-doctoral researcher in the University of Virginia lab of Donald Hunt, co-inventing electron transfer dissociation, a method of mass spectrometry. Hunt did his post-doctoral work in Biemann’s lab at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The American Society for Mass Spectrometry has tightened the academic family circle by awarding Coon its Klaus Biemann Medal for “significant achievement in basic or applied mass spectrometry made by an individual early in his or her career.”
In a sense, mass spectrometers throw molecules at a wall — slicing them up with streams of electrons and bending their path with radiofrequency fields — and record the masses of the pieces. Just how far off their original path the component parts are bumped and pulled reveals how much the molecule weighed.
Coon is best known for his contribution to electron transfer dissociation, which substitutes the electrons with a stream of anions, small molecules carrying extra electrons.
“ETD allows you to characterize different types of proteins, and works well for types of proteins that mass spec isn’t typically good with,” says Coon, who continues to improve ETD in his UW–Madison lab. “We grind up a cell and look at what’s in it. It’s shotgun proteomics.”
About 500 mass spectrometry machines around the world incorporate ETD to extend their capabilities. In 2011, there were 140 published scientific studies that made direct use of the technology.
That may be the long way to measure the impact of Coon’s research. Asking collaborator Alan Attie is the short route.
“Without him, without what his work allows us to do?” asked Attie, a UW–Madison biochemist studying the connections between obesity and Type 2 diabetes, “I think I would be crying.”
Attie calls Coon as a pioneer in “phosphoproteomics,” the study of the way addition and subtraction of phosphorus atoms help or hinder complex proteins that drive so much of the necessary work inside living cells.
“A lot of the signaling pathways in us do what they do because they stimulate a cascade of events in cells that attach or detach phosphorus from proteins,” Attie says. “What Josh has done is develop techniques that survey the thousands of proteins in a cell to find which ones have phosphorus and which don’t, and go even deeper to find which particular amino acid piece of the protein is the attachment point for phosphorus.”
Attie’s lab work has progressed down lines of inquiry they would not even have considered without Coon’s enlightening mass spectrometry methods.
“He was essential in finding a signaling pathway in mice that determines whether an obese mouse gets Type 2 diabetes or not,” Attie says. “We can’t even look there without Josh, much less find anything.”
“Now we are working to on combining ETD with other new technologies and ideas to extend the medical impact of mass spectrometry by monitoring protein differences across hundreds or even thousands of people.”
“There’s a lot of variability in the things we see in each experiment,” Coon says. “You need both the throughput to handle tissue samples from an enormous number of people and the repeatability to make sure you can compare all those results.”
It’s the steps that led from Biemann’s lab into Hunt’s lab and Coon’s lab — and into labs around the world studying how to tackle outstanding biomedical problems — that will be foremost in Coon’s mind when he accepts the Biemann Medal at the ASMS annual conference later this month.
“I want to talk a bit about my perspective on the people who do this work,” Coon says. “There are a lot of people who make your group what it is, and they should all share in the success.”
by Joseph Staten, Senior Creative Director for ReCore Posted on September 2, 2016 September 2, 2016 at 6:00 am
Survival starts in the core, and today Microsoft Studios unveiled a new look into ReCore’s adventure-filled world, Far Eden, and its heroine, Joule Adams. Narrated by Joule’s father, Dr. Thomas Adams, the video takes a deeper look at Joule’s journey, revealing new gameplay and characters from ReCore’s cinematic story as well as the qualities Joule inherited from her father; qualities that will help her and her Corebot companions to bring new life and hope to Far Eden.
In addition to these new insights into ReCore’s gameplay and story, we’re also excited to reveal some of the actors helping bring ReCore to life: Joule (Erika Soto, Halo Wars 2), Dr. Adams (Connor Trinneer, Stargate: Atlantis and Star Trek: Enterprise), and the mysterious Kai Brehn, who makes his first appearance in today’s trailer (Harry Shum Jr., Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments and Glee).
Developed by legendary creator Keiji Inafune and Armature Studio, the team behind the Metroid Prime series, ReCore is an exclusive new IP for Xbox One and Windows 10 that marries action and platforming gameplay with incredible visuals, unique art and an emotional, engaging story. ReCore is the first game to feature Xbox Play Anywhere, with one purchase of $40 USD providing access to the game on both Xbox One and Windows 10 and progress shared across devices for easy picking up where you left off, no matter where you play.
ReCore will be available on Sept. 13 (North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific except Japan); Sept. 15 (Japan); and Sept. 16 (EMEA) and will be fully localized (voice and text) in English, German, French, Italian, Spanish (LATAM), Brazilian Portuguese and Russian, and will include language support (UI and subtitles) for Spanish (Iberian), Chinese (simplified and traditional), Japanese and Korean. To learn more about ReCore, visit http://www.recoregame.com/.



While most of the days have been gray of late, today we have beautiful blue skies smiling at us. I was half way to the station on my bicycle this morning when I realized that I didn't have my keys. Oh no! U-turn. Then to campus in the car ... no time for bicycle riding. I walked through the door at 10:00 sharp and was on the air by 10:02. So the screeching tires were appropriate.
We heard Oscar Peterson on the organ, a duo with Roy Eldridge. At a party a week ago, a friend's daughter requested Elvis, so I played "All Shook Up" for Sally. The Velvet Fog, Mel Tormé did a nice version of "Bye Bye Blackbird." I was reminded of a radio station my dad would occasionally impose on us when we were kids, one that billed itself as "Warm and Friendly." Please, Dad, not the warm and friendly! I think he played it in part simply to get our goats. Our goats were got. I read Mel Tormé's autobiography; he was quite a guy. He could play the drums, he was an actor, a writer, he collected guns, was a pilot, had a lot of hot girlfriends. At one point he and Buddy Rich had matching MG sports cars.
I quipped that Ella was reflecting on the inadequacy of human language to express our deepest thoughts and feelings. I'm a regular Jacques Derrida over here.
Two from Tina Turner, "Nutbush City Limits," which you know from Bob Seger's Live Bullet album, and then a much more recent recording, her cover of Joni Mitchell's "Edith and the Kingpin" with Herbie Hancock.


We really need to revisit the idea of a "Travel trailer" type of unit - Tiny homes, maybe, or just units built to different standards then the original TTs. The Mobile home units are not cost effective nor are they even a good solution for most survivors, home owners do not want to leave their property, most localities do no want Mobile Home parks in their communities, the Parks and units take too long to put in place ...more »
PDA Teams - should be teams like the DHAT Teams - Members trained together in the same processes and assessment factors that rotate coverage areas like duty assignments. This would make the assessments more equitable and fair. All factors would be weighed more equally with no political consideration. The regions could still include a letter of recommendation but ultimately HQ would decide based on all the information ...more »
"Qualified" employees are not allowed to attend training because they are deemed qualified, many of them were qualified by previous experience and have had o formal training. I worked for FEMA for 14 years as a DAE (Reservist) and only attend 1 EMI class in all those years, I was FQS Qualified at a Group Supervisor level which means I cannot attend any training courses offered. How can we have a qualified professional ...more »
Yearly Required Training - Deploy every reservist once per year for "deployment" training, this would include the required trilogy ethics training, WebTA and Concur. it would allow them to update passwords, be current in all their deployment requirements so these things would not have to be done on a disaster it is very time consuming in the field. rotating continuous courses at EMI would accommodate this and would ensure ...more »

Reduced expression of transforming growth factor-beta receptor type III in high stage neuroblastomas
Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) is a powerful inhibitor of cell proliferation and a potent inducer of differentiation. Resistance to TGF-beta action is a characteristic of many malignancies and has been attributed to alterations of TGF-beta receptors as well as disturbance of downstream transduction pathways. To analyse the TGF-beta response in neuroblastoma, the expression of TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta type I, II and III receptor genes was investigated in 61 cancer samples by means of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. The specimens analysed belong to different stages, namely nine samples of stage 1, ten of stage 2, nine of stage 3 and 28 of stage 4. Moreover, five samples were of stage 4S, which represents a tumour form undergoing spontaneous regression. The results obtained show that TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta type I and II receptor genes appear to be almost equally expressed in neuroblastomas of all stages. Conversely, TGF-beta type III receptor gene expression, which is required for an efficacious TGF-beta binding and function, is strongly reduced exclusively in neuroblastomas of stages 3 and 4. These findings were directly confirmed by immunohistochemical analyses of ten neuroblastoma specimens. Our results suggest the occurrence of an altered TGF-beta response in advanced neuroblastomas which might be an important mechanism for escaping growth control and for developing invasiveness. Moreover, our findings allow the proposal of a novel mechanism, namely down-regulation of TGF-beta type III receptor gene expression, to avoid TGF-beta inhibitory activity.
Abstract: Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) is a powerful inhibitor of cell proliferation and a potent inducer of differentiation. Resistance to TGF-beta action is a characteristic of many malignancies and has been attributed to alterations of TGF-beta receptors as well as disturbance of downstream transduction pathways. To analyse the TGF-beta response in neuroblastoma, the expression of TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta type I, II and III receptor genes was investigated in 61 cancer samples by means of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. The specimens analysed belong to different stages, namely nine samples of stage 1, ten of stage 2, nine of stage 3 and 28 of stage 4. Moreover, five samples were of stage 4S, which represents a tumour form undergoing spontaneous regression. The results obtained show that TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta type I and II receptor genes appear to be almost equally expressed in neuroblastomas of all stages. Conversely, TGF-beta type III receptor gene expression, which is required for an efficacious TGF-beta binding and function, is strongly reduced exclusively in neuroblastomas of stages 3 and 4. These findings were directly confirmed by immunohistochemical analyses of ten neuroblastoma specimens. Our results suggest the occurrence of an altered TGF-beta response in advanced neuroblastomas which might be an important mechanism for escaping growth control and for developing invasiveness. Moreover, our findings allow the proposal of a novel mechanism, namely down-regulation of TGF-beta type III receptor gene expression, to avoid TGF-beta inhibitory activity.

Philip Fandrei, former president and CEO of Sea Foam, has given $200,000 to the Youth and Family Institute of Augsburg College calling it "one of the greatest evangelical movements of our time."
The Institute, founded by Dr. Merton Strommen in memory of his son who was killed by lightning while on a youth ministry outing, studies the latest research on faith development and what is happening to children, youth and families. From the studied research, the Institute develops conceptual models, training, and continuing education for professionals and volunteers, consultation, workshops and develops new resources. In addition, it supports the undergraduate major in youth and family ministry at Augsburg College.
Fandrei, who was a member of the board of directors in the 1990s, served as director of marketing and administration for three years overseeing growth that helped put the Institute on strong financial footing.
"God gave me some abilities and management, sales and marketing skills are some of them," Fandrei said. "He has also given me the ability to make money. I've always tried to share these abilities with the Christian entity. My goal is to keep giving to other people."
Fandrei said the Youth and Family Institute helps "congregations nurture faith at all times, from the cradle to the grave."
"This is a marvelous thing that has been started," Fandrei said. "They (the Institute) revolutionize and bring back what the Bible tells us to do, use it, live it and talk it."
Dick Hardel, director of the Youth and Family Institute, said that Fandrei is much like Barnabas in the Book of Acts.
"Barnabas was not only an encourager, he made things happen. Phil has offered those same gifts to our Institute with his prayers, business sense and skills, and his financial gifts."
Although Fandrei is not as involved at the Institute as he once was, he remains on the advisory council and is enjoying watching the Institute grow.


Husb and I met up with friends and spent a great day at the “Between The Trees” festival, set in woodlands near Candlestone Castle and the Merthyr Mawr nature reserve, a huge sand dune system. We walked through the dunes in the early Autumn sunshine to the picturesque saltmarsh and back and listened to some of the excellent musicians and I found a fellow scribbler! I did a very quick sketch into my A4 hardbacked book, prepared with brown parcel paper stuck in randomly with Pritt stick glue, using Faber Castell Pitt drawing pens and conté crayon in black, white and sanguine.
--Select-- Wherever needed U.S. Kampmeeting Fund U.S. Kampmeeting Scholarships General Fund Endowment Fund Kinship Latin America Family & Friends Women's Interests Men's Interests Kinship Seniors Youth Interests Region 1 Region 2 Region 3 Region 4 Region 5 Region 6 Region 7 Region 8 Region 9 Other (specify in comments box)
Thank you for considering financially supporting Kinship! Your donation will help us support those who struggle with issues of sexual orientation and gender identity. This is accomplished through local meetings, annual conferences, outreach with Adventist educators and ministers, statements on critical public issues, and more.
If you are donating from outside the United States and want your donation to be used for your local region, please contact your local coordinator. If you do not know who your coordinator is, please contact info@sdakinship.org.
We know that our efforts are only possible because of the contributions we receive from generous donors like you. Thank you for believing in and supporting our mission.
Seventh-day Adventist Kinship, International, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation, registered in California, United States, and all donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. For questions, please consult your tax adviser or the Internal Revenue Service.

Samsung's Total No Frost feature maintains an even temperature inside the freezer, preventing ice build-up and saving you the hassle of defrosting.
With All-Around Cooling, your items remain evenly chilled no matter where they're placed. This is thanks to strategically placed vents that circulate cool air in the fridge and freezer, maintaining a constant temperature and helping your food stay fresh longer.
At the centre of the RS50N3513SL is a Digital Inverter Compressor that cleverly varies its power and running speed depending on how much cooling is needed. Unlike conventional compressors, this one doesn’t stop and start abruptly, resulting in energy conservation, reduced noise and a longer life for your appliance.
This smart feature rapidly decreases the freezer's temperature when new items are added, helping to preserve the quality of fresh food while protecting your frozen items from defrosting.

After buying any of our fynanc products, if for any reason, you aren’t thrilled and satisfied with our product, just let us know before the end of the thirty days and we’ll refund you 100% of your purchase price.
Should you need to refund this product, please email [email protected] for processing. Please allow 48-72 hours for processing requests.
YOU AGREE Fynanc LLC., nor any of their employees and/or affiliates IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCCESS OR FAILURE YOU OR YOUR BUSINESS MAY EXPERIENCE AS A RESULT OF ANY INFORMATION PRESENTED BY Fynanc LLC., Nor any of their employees and/or affiliates, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY Fynanc LLC., nor any of their employees and/or affiliates.
Your use of and browsing in the Site and/or purchasing and this service is at your risk. Neither Fynanc LLC, nor any of their employees and/or affiliates nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site or Service. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site and included in the Service is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
We make every effort to ensure we accurately represent these products and services and their potential for income. Earning and Income statements made by our company and its customers are supplied directly from the customer. There is no guarantee you will make these levels of income and you accept the risk that the earnings and income statements differ by individual.
As with any business, your results may vary, and will be based on your individual capacity, business experience, expertise, and level of desire. There are no guarantees concerning the level of success you may experience. The testimonials and examples used are not intended to represent or guarantee anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Each individual’s success depends on his or her background, dedication, desire and motivation.
There is no assurance examples of past earnings can be duplicated in the future. We cannot guarantee your future results and/or success. There are some unknown risks in business and on the internet we cannot foresee which can reduce results. We are not responsible for your actions.
The use of our information, products and services should be based on your own due diligence and you agree our company is not liable for any success or failure of your business that is directly or indirectly related to the purchase and use of our information, products and services.
Mature ladies is here to please with our ever-growing selection of mature porn we liked ourselves you'll have to check this place out to find out about all porn. Meet local horny women tonight single horny women are looking to hook up for sex and more search our horny women personals and find your match today, meet local horny women. Watch free naked single mature ladies porn videos for free, here on pornhubcom discover the growing collection of high quality most relevant xxx movies and clips. Check out these peimium high quality mature milf women porn sites get access to all these mature/older women porn sites with single password mature women xxx. Looking for interesting mature, older porn with old women we have 90411 free special videos for you.
A place stashed with nude mature ladies watch the best milf porn in town with a single click and take advantage of the site's amazing features and options for. Nice mature women - high quality pictures with mature women you will find any kind of mature women here: blonde and brunette mature women, hairy and shaved mature women. Members online gallery all online new new photos men all over the world experience troubles with finding women that would eagerly want to create a family and.
She loves very much masturbating alone in front of this camera. Granny pictures archive of women in years free mature porn galleries sorted by categories granny, grandma, gilf, mature, sabine, old and other galleries 100% free. Where mature single women can go to meet men one of the biggest issues with mature single women is the lack of older single men to date where are the men. Mature british housewife shows she still got what it takes added: mature ladies is here to please with our ever-growing selection of mature porn we liked ourselves.
Olderwomenzcom is your only older women porn movies collection there are no blind links, popups, exits and other shit - only free, old pussies sex movies. Flickr photos, groups, and tags related to the mature flickr tag. Fucked-maturescom - the best collection of fucked mature ladies, sexy mature fucked and fucked mature women picture galleries in the world check it out right now. Meet senior singles in renovo, pennsylvania online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in renovo. Single women over 40 2,866 followers - 40 plus singles' group,welcome to join meet more single mature:wwwseniordateseniorcom show all 241 comments.
Finally tired of connecting with those men and women who just seem immature well then join local mature and start meeting those mature singles who intrigue you, local mature. Free porn: camille johnson in naughty boss - anilos and much more. If you are looking for horny seniors register for a free membership to our senior dating site called mature fuck buddy. Asian women singles and thai girls at asian beautiful thai ladies from thailand at sweetsinglescom for i'm a young thai girl who is mature and.
Free xxx older ladies tube find here everything you like from older ladies tubes here is the opportunity to watch all of the free xxx wife mature tube videos and get your pleasure.
Mature women nude: senior calendar girls get naked for a naked naked seniors mature mature ladies mature women nude: senior calendar girls get naked.
Free porn: mature, mom, granny, homemade, lesbian, masturbation, interracial, solo, japanese, british, hairy, stockings, massage, webcam, handjob and much more. Looking for some adult fun join the best mature singles online with just a couple of clicks and enter a world where hooking up is easy and free meet hot mature men and women from your area. Nude mature women taking hard cocks deep inside their wet old pussies and asses, sucking dicks and licking aged cunts the craziest mature ladies in hot mature porn pics.

Subretinal implant "ON" results in significant visual acuity improvement, when compared to "OFF" condition.
Surgical implantation of medical device named "Retina Implant" into eye to restore vision partially.
Activities of daily living and mobility significantly improve with implant-ON shown via activities of daily living tasks, recognition tasks, mobility, or a combination thereof. [ Time Frame: every 3 months for a period of one year ]
Visual acuity/light-perception and/or object-recognition are significantly improved with implant-ON versus OFF as shown via: FrACT/BaLM/BaGA/VFQ-25 or a combination thereof. [ Time Frame: every 3 months for a period of one year ]
Patient long term safety and stability of implant function [ Time Frame: every 3 months for a period of one year ]
Willing and able to give written informed consent in accordance to EN ISO 14155 (section 6.7) and local legislation prior to participation in the study. Able to perform the study during the full time period of one year for Module-2.
Retina detected as too thin to expect required rest-functionality of inner retina as shown via Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT).
Systemic diseases that might imply considerable risks with regard to the surgical interventions and anaesthesia (e.g. cardiovascular/ pulmonary diseases, severe metabolic diseases).
Women who are pregnant or nursing, or women of childbearing potential who are not willing to use a medically acceptable means of birth control for the duration of the study, or women unwilling to perform a pregnancy test before entering the study.
The purpose of this study is to determine whether intravenous lidocaine increase the tolerability of early oral feeding after laparoscopic colorectal surgery in patients with colorectal cancer.
Time to first flatus, time to first stool, time to tolerance of regular diet, rate of postoperative complications and duration of postoperative hospital stay.
Prevalence of postoperative nausea and vomiting. [ Time Frame: From day of surgery to sixth postoperative day. ]
Intolerance to early postoperative oral feeding is defined as the patient's having either nausea or vomiting, requiring that the patient be non-per oral status.
Duration of postoperative hospital stay. [ Time Frame: From day of surgery until discharge, an expected average of nine days. ]
USCIS Director Alejandro Mayorkas shared additional details on the June 15th Deferred Action policy memorandum on a Stakeholder Teleconference. All the new details can be found on the USCIS website at: www.uscis.gov/childhoodarrivals. Under this new administration policy, DHS will be able to grant deferred action to certain qualifying young people, often known as DREAMers, who have fulfilled age, residency, and educational or military requirements.
Join CLINIC's Advocacy, Capacity Building, and Training and Legal Support staff for a FREE webinar that will cover a summary of the updates shared on this afternoon’s teleconference as well as how to prepare your organization for this new program.
I have decided putting off posting up pictures of my “powerplant” prototype for a bit… the internet is an insecure medium, you never know who might pick it up and claim it falsely! Better safe than sorry.
Anyways, exciting updates! On behalf of S.O.S. (students organizing for sustainability), I am giving a lecture about the Closed Loop Thursday, October 1st in Arch Lecture Hall 123 from 6-7pm. S.O.S. is awesome for giving me this opportunity. The Lecture will focus on what the Closed Loop is, how I did it, and “big picture” questions that designers and consumers should ask.
So let’s start before the trip. Marketing is a big thing if a club can’t figure out how to market they can wind up sinking. Oaklake Trails hasn’t quite figured this out. They have a newsletter for members, a twitter that mainly just posts what is already in their newsletter, a youtube channel that literally hasn’t had any activity in three years, a few interviews on a local radio station, and that’s it. Odds are you won’t run across this place unless you are specifically searching for naturist clubs in Oklahoma and even then it might be difficult. Then again I wound up there so ya know.
Next let’s talk about getting in the park is open to anyone who passes a small background check (have you been kicked out of another naturist venue, are you on a watch list, etc.). The pricing is fair at $25 a day for the day fees (if you are in their “student” age range) and $16 a night for the tent camping fee. Finally they have no single male policy (always a bonus for me).
How about the amenity’s? Well I didn’t try everything but of what I did (the pools, a couple of trails, the hot tub, and the bistro. The pools were awesome they were always the right temperature the water was always nice and clean and that’s where I met the most interesting people.
The hot tub was similar it was the perfect temperature and the jets were super soothing. Just overall very awesome.
The trails were also very good I was a little disappointed that none of the lakes are maintained for swimming and then there’s the horse flies on the trails good lord but otherwise amazing.
Finally the bistro the food was delicious and more than filling enough so while I did not always manage to finish all of my food I enjoyed every bite of what I did have.
Like I said earlier I didn’t participate in many of the activities I got there to late for water aerobics and I skipped out on their survivor games thing. What I listed earlier is all I did but it was very enjoyable.
Okay now let’s get into some personal preference territory. I personally do not believe that clothing optional works as well as most seem to it gives people an out and helps vouyers hide themselves. I also hold that going to a naturist venue and wearing clothes is like going to vegan restaurant and ordering veal coated in butter with milk as the drink. I hold that the staff at a naturist venue should be as naked as the guests. So Oaklake Trails is clothing optional everywhere but the pool and hot tub where nudity is mandatory. They sell wraps for women to wear. While most of the staff is nude I never saw anyone who worked at the bistro naked (but I guess that is a little more understandable (handling food and especially hot food) but nonetheless these are things that could make someone who is naked uncomfortable.
Overall it was very enjoyable in almost every way despite some issues with bugs and some of their allowances going against my personal naturist values. Anyway I thank everyone I met while there as well as the staff who clearly work hard to make Oaklake Trails enjoyable.


VeriSign's iDefense security lab has published a report with technical details about the recent cyberattack that hit Google and over 30 other companies. The iDefense researchers traced the attack back to its origin and also identified the command-and-control servers that were used to manage the malware.
The cyber-assault came to light on Tuesday when Google disclosed to the public that the Gmail Web service was targeted in a highly-organized attack in late December. Google said that the intrusion attempt originated from China and was executed with the goal of obtaining information about political dissidents, but the company declined to speculate about the identity of the perpetrator.
Citing sources in the defense contracting and intelligence consulting community, the iDefense report unambiguously declares that the Chinese government was, in fact, behind the effort.
"The source IPs and drop server of the attack correspond to a single foreign entity consisting either of agents of the Chinese state or proxies thereof," the report says.
The iDefense report initially stated that malicious PDFs were crafted to deploy the malware that was used in the attack. Adobe disputed that claim and issued a statement saying that they have found no evidence that their technology was used as an attack vector. This is supported by independent research conducted by security firm McAfee, which has found evidence that a vulnerability in Internet Explorer—but not Acrobat Reader—was exploited in the attack. iDefense later retracted its claim about PDFs, but stands behind the rest of its report.
The researchers have determined that there are significant similarities between the recent attack and a seemingly related one that was carried out in July against a large number of US companies. Both attacks were apparently managed through the same command-and-control servers.
"The servers used in both attacks employ the HomeLinux DynamicDNS provider, and both are currently pointing to IP addresses owned by Linode, a US-based company that offers Virtual Private Server hosting. The IP addresses in question are within the same subnet, and they are six IP addresses apart from each other," the report says. "Considering this proximity, it is possible that the two attacks are one and the same, and that the organizations targeted in the Silicon Valley attacks have been compromised since July."
If the report's findings are correct, it suggests that the government of China has been engaged for months in a massive campaign of industrial espionage against US companies.

Last night I took Lan annd Bonnie to see The Big Funk. It was horrible. Opening night everything worked. The acting was good, the scenes flowed, the audience was great and the experience was very enjoyable. Last night was just bad. The actors were screwing up their lines a lot, and they weren't really staying in character... they kept cracking up. Also the audience was a bunch of idiots... there were these giggling girls on the right side, and these two cackling women on the left. No one was reacting the way I would expect an audience to act, and I think that was hurting the actors' performances even more. Oh well, at least I got to see it when it was good, unfortunately Lan and Bonnie did not, and they were very disappointed. --------------------
Lan just bought a video camera. It's the Sony TRV-140. Digital 8mm format, 20x optical zoom, f/1.8 lens, night shot mode, etc... it's a pretty decent camera for the $500 he paid for it. Seeing it really made me miss my Canon GL1, which I sold in June for rent money. The truth is, that camera did not suit me, but it was hard to let it go regardless of that fact. I didn't really ever use it because it was so big and bulky. The quality was amazing but the size just made it impractical for daily, or even just regular use. If I still had it now I would probably sell it and use the money towards a Sony IP5. Now that is something that could be of use to me.
I love still images... I love shooting photographs and I love viewing photographs. There are, however, some things that call for video. I am talking about recording memories here, not creating art. Snapshots are wonderful, but supplementing them with well done video snippets is a great way of storing memories. I have a bad memory, and photographs can bring back many past experiences for me. There are times, however, when I may forget a person's laugh or even the sound of their voice. A picture of your friend saying one of the dumbest things you have ever heard just won't compare to a video recording of it. So it makes me sad that I don't have a video camera anymore. The bad thing is that I made more videos with my junky old Sony Hi-8 Handycam than with the GL1. I think I may need to get a video camera soon, something small and portable enough that I will be willing to take it anywhere. We'll see.
Brehm "Shimmy" Dies are Versatile - use the Same Basic Die for new parts by simply ordering new Adapters - far Faster and much Less Costly than Designing and Building a New Die

I have been teaching since 1986,training since 1980 ,youngest to be promoted to blackbelt @16...6 time hall of fame inductee.we specialize in weapon removal and all types of self defense ....we don't punchor kick......come and see
Tue/Thur 7:00PM-9:00PM Til Dojo construction is complete then open 6:00PM days a week private lessons available call for appointment.
Would you like more information on hours, classes and programs available at Aikido Dojo of Self Defense (Nihon Goshin)? Please contact the school with your questions.
This Chart shows the Martial Arts Styles offered most in Port Jervis, New York area. View a list of Dojo in Port Jervis, or enter your address below to find schools closest to you.
Please donate to us. Your money will make a difference - improve the quality of our file sharing community to help more people.

D is for die hard Dior fan in Christian Dior's Black Logo Bag! With a drop of ten and a half inches, the strap has silver letters on one side, the narrow magnetic flap also has a clip with a D (you may have noticed that D!), and there are two zipped pockets on the front with another inside the black fabric lining. With a few marks on the leather strap, this bag is still quite Dee-licious!

By Elaine Hegwood Bowen, M.S.J., Chicago Crusader Eddie Murphy, who reportedly hasn’t been in movies lately because he hadn’t been offered any roles, is great...
Orfield, Lester B. (1934) "The Citizenship Act of 1934," University of Chicago Law Review: Vol. 2 : Iss. 1 , Article 7.
The Meghalaya Times covered my presentations at the International Seminar on Green Economics: “The Road to a Balanced and Healthy Economy.” You can read the full article here.
Access amazing Tokyo Video footage shot from in Full HD. You can access free Tokyo stock footage by leaving your contact information. You’ll see the footage from Roppongi, the famous Shibuya crossing, to the tall Skytree landmark.
You can also purchase a subscription to our Japanese Stock Footage Collection. This includes instant access to 300 clips shot around Japan in Full HD for use in your video projects
Tags:architecture, business, city, cityscape, footage, japan, japanese, landmark, night, royalty free, signs, skyline, stock footage, tokyo, twilight, view
NORTHBOUND HWY 101 to Mill Valley. Take Exit 447, Tiburon/E Blithedale. LEFT going west onto E Blithedale 1.8 mi Pass Boyle Park on your right. Continue to stop. Turn left on Throckmorton. Go 1 BLOCK. At the stop sign, turn LEFT to remain on Throckmorton go 0.4 mi, pass La Coppa on the left and Throckmorton Theatre on the right. Go to stop sign at Old Mill Street. Old Mill School is on the right. Marin Day School-Old Mill EDS is located on the back side of the school/lower playground. SOUTHBOUND HWY 101 to Mill Valley Exit 447 TIBURON/E BLITHEDALE AVE Turn RIGHT going west onto E Blithedale 1.8 mi Pass Boyle Park on your right. Continue to stop. Turn Left on Throckmorton Go 1 BLOCK. At the stop, turn LEFT to remain on Throckmorton go 0.4 mi., pass La Coppa on the left and Throckmorton Theatre on the right. Go to stop sign at Old Mill Street. Old Mill School is on the right. Marin Day School-Old Mill EDS is located on the back side of the school/ lower playground.

Once they finished competing at Sports Day, First Year Students enjoyed competing with one another at Bananagrams and Monopoly in the Library. The future billionaires of Ireland perhaps?!
I caught my good friend and fellow photographer Barb having a rather engaging conversation with herself. The third Barb was annoyed because she was being neglected.
ashley furniture flyer regina Entrez votre textLiving room of your local Ottawa, Furniture HomeStore, bedroom, dining room and see our large selection of home office furniture.
Here is the new Ashley Furniture flyers and fresh Winnipeg ... More Home & store sales from stores such as furniture stores and find coupons.But many Ashley Home Stores independently owned and operated, sold all manufactured by Ashley Furniture. 100 Home store opened in 2003, 200 in 2005, sales of the global increase in 2006, the furniture chain and top brand furniture was open 300 stores in 2007.
When Jennifer emerged from bankruptcy in February 2011, six Ashley Home Stores control in the New York City area.Online Flyer In February 2014 Ashley Home Stores Charleston, opened his 500 home in Texas and later opened another 20 stores around the world.e ici...

Who said pirate radio? Errr – Spike is more like garden shed radio. Big mouth. Big dreams. Big superstar…? Motormouth Spike is awkward, funny, cheeky and LOUD. He always has something to say. So when he’s sacked from hospital radio (probably a world first for a presenter), he starts broadcasting in secret from a makeshift studio in his shed. With his best buddies disguising his voice and a cool alias, ‘Radio Boy’, he’s soon pulling in listeners. Thing is, nobody knows that it’s him! And when Spike goes too far believing his own hype, and mocks the school headmaster on air, a hunt is launched for this secret star…
A sweet and funny zoo adventure starring your favourite comical cat. Simply gorgeous! Splat is really excited when his class goes to the zoo. All the pupils call out their favourite animals – Elephant! Giraffe! Monkey! But Splat only wants to see the penguins. After all, penguins are perfect: they’re black and white, just like Splat! But when the penguin pool is closed, Splat goes home disappointed and alone… or does he? Psst! Don’t give the surprise away!

For four days in late August, 2012, we were flown daily to the mouth of various rivers inside the park, and dropped off to watch and photograph the coastal brown bears (grizzlies) feed on the sockeye salmon that were heading upstream to spawn. Mature males can weigh up to 1,400 pounds and mature females up to 700. Our Alaskan guide believed we saw some of the largest bears he personally had ever seen. In this area, where bears are not hunted or harassed, the bears are tolerant and curious about the rare human visitors, but mostly they completely ignored our presence.

Tickets are not available any more on www.choicetickets.co.uk. You may be able to buy tickets at the venue if available.

But we don't want to wrap all VCSs semantics like switching etc., probably only simplify to "clean"/"undirty"/"sync" a branch to the underlying VCSs and clean the SOS branch.
We assume all kinds of VCSs have already been initialized and user setup performed (e.g. key creation, user name defined, branch created etc.), and try to avoid any kind of interactivity
@LinuxSuRen You would need to switch to the classic UI to find it. Declarative Pipeline is not exactly helpful in some cases. Anyway, the change is not related to your PR.
A Webpack loader + helper script that allows you to embellish your pre-existing Vue single file components (SFC) with a custom <story> block that's automatically translated into a Storybook-flavored story.
Add a custom <story> block to your single file component. The following Storybook plugins are supported:
You can optionally group components by specifiying a group attribute. NB: For reasons I still don't understand, the group attribute must come before the name attribute.
Then, in your main index.stories.js (or wherever your write your stories), leverage our helper script to start adding stories

Runway Fashion Show Prints Can Be Purchased Here - http://www.dotphoto.com/Go.asp?l=kfyi&P=&AID=6226582&T=1 - A link where you may purchase prints or download high resolution image files without copyright text. For use in advertising, promotion, sales, displays, public relations, catalogs and trade shows, license must be purchased from copyright owner. These images without copyright text may not be use in social media suchs as blogs, My Space, Facebook and such. Maximum size of image with copyright text for social media is 600 pixels on longest side. Cropping for required size is only editing allowed. License for use and editing may be purchased from copyright owner.
Additionally eastbound drivers on Interstate 90 were being forced to exit the interstate at East Ninth Street due to flooding near the Carnegie exit.
LOCAL NEWS: Flooding Leads To Closures On Shoreway, I-90 was originally published on praisecleveland.com

It’s safe to say at this stage that Kim Kardashian-West is another of those controversial celebrity figures. She’s made it a habit of hers to “break the internet” in various ways – but mostly due to a stunning lack of garments and a fantastic figure (at least by culturally acclaimed standards of femininity). For many people she falls on the extreme end of most hated or pointless celebrity icon; she’s everything from a bad mother to a horrible role model and many would claim her celebrity status comes only from her infamous sex tape. But that tapes over a decade old and still the Kardashian Clan is a powerhouse family of multimillionaires, entrepreneurs and celebrity figures with Kim at its center.
During her first pregnancy, magazine headlines accused her of letting herself go, completely losing her enviable figure, and failing to dress appropriately. Subsequently, she has been accused of being a “negligible” mother owing to her proclivity for stripping down and posing for the cameras.
Certainly, her nude magazine cover produced controversy – even with the majority of us googling to get a peak before detailing our disgust. More recently, a partially nude selfie (honestly, she covered some of the goods with strategically positioned black censor lines) posted on Twitter has vied to “break the internet” once more and mostly through a series of posts which begs the question: Why are we so bothered with a woman stripping down and consensually posting an image?
Certainly, the woman herself took to the keyboard to produce a post on the issue, calling for an end to slut- and body-shaming and asking that she no longer be judged for the sex tape which went viral over 13 years ago and calling: a perfect opportunity to add that, when it went viral, Kim Kardashian owned herself still, never wavering from the fact that, yes, she had taken part in a sex tape which was now in the hands of the world at large but she would not be made less because of it:
“I lived through the embarrassment and fear, and decided to say who cares, do better, move on. I shouldn’t have to constantly be on the defense, listing off my accomplishments just to prove that I am more than something that happened 13 years ago.
The statute of limitations, so to speak, are up on this one and yes, it’s time to move on from judging women who practice self-love and self-acceptance. Ariel Levy’s raunch culture is indeed upon us and, well, so long as its consensual why does it produce such controversy? Honestly, I saw fewer reactions and less outrage when private images of celebrities were hacked and subsequently went viral in early 2015.
From a feminist perspective: Kim Kardashian’s actions present a form of self-acceptance and self-love for the female body so often denied to women in our culture. Between the media’s portrayal of women’s bodies as belonging to anyone but themselves; Kim Kardashian clearly owns herself. Her pride in and acceptance of her body, her desire and sexuality is stupefying to so many of us because it’s difficult to relate. It’s difficult to experience the female body as being so definitely our own and not belonging to the next generation which we might bore or the family we currently nurture and support or to the corporate media which continues to produce the female form as objectified, always obtainable and easily obtained.
I am empowered by my body. I am empowered by my sexuality. I am empowered by feeling comfortable in my skin. I am empowered by showing the world my flaws and not being afraid of what anyone is going to say about me. And I hope that through this platform I have been given, I can encourage the same empowerment for girls all over the world.
Kim K’s post, perfectly timed on International Women’s Day, celebrates her own self-acceptance and empowerment through self-expression even if it is in the form of a nude selfie.
The backlash against Kim K’s is not just the response of jealousy men and women or of concerned parents, it’s the call to arms of the patriarchal hierarchy reminding us that women aren’t supposed to feel such ownership or entitlement to ourselves. That we shouldn’t feel so deeply a sense of pride in our female forms so as to unashamedly share it with the world.
I feel so lucky to have grown up surrounded by strong, driven, independent women. The life lessons I’ve learned from my sisters, my mother, my grandmother, I will pass along to my daughter. I want her to be proud of who she is. I want her to be comfortable in her body. I don’t want her to grow up in a world where she is made to feel less-than for embracing everything it means to be a woman.
Her words, ultimately, are powerful and empowering for women, they may qualify her as a perfectly feminist role model for all women.
I’m more than a little proud of my educational resume – I know, it’s privileged of me to say so, I acknowledge that I have been lucky enough in my race/ethnicity/class that I have been able to achieve as I have, though I have worked hard as a motivated student and aspiring lecturer/researcher. So I’m proud of my college history: undergrad in NUI Maynooth – Ireland’s oldest college with its beautiful heritage and village location – and University College Dublin – boasting in its alumni one of my favourite authors, James Joyce and one of Ireland’s most extensive and innovative gender/sexualities/feminist research clusters – for my MA and PhD.
The student’s UCD’s School of Agricultural Science have been linked with a “revenge porn” group-chat page on Facebook. For those who are confused: revenge porn is a relatively recent term describing the process of posting and sharing intimate partner photographs on the web for others to rate and “enjoy.” It’s known as “revenge” porn owing to the wide selection of individuals who post such images following a break up, in an act of punishment and self-vindication (you know, the whole, “she was a whore anyways – sure look what she sent me!!”). That’s the basics of revenge porn, anyways, once you take out the emotional trauma, misogynistic mistreatment and sterilizing objectification involved for the victim. Oh, and let’s not forget: the rape and lad cultures which normalize and trivialize these acts of non-physical violence.
Getting back to my own bruised ego: I was, initially, unsure. Certainly, a university with such a vibrant gender and sexualities rhetoric and collection of researchers couldn’t host such small minded, egotistical (let’s be honest) “lads.” The two schools are, afterall, only divided by a footpath, more or less. Moreover, the Student’s Union has only this year reinvigorated their sexual harassment and affirmative consent efforts, hosting their first SlutWalk last November and holding bake-sales advocating “consent is sexy.” Surely, this establishment of educated individuals wouldn’t contribute to such dehumanizing actions; surely, they know better.
Alas, I was wrong. The college confirmed via email today that they are investigating the allegations and encourage victims and anyone with information to come forward, urging:
While we can deal with the breaches that we uncover or are brought to our attention, I appeal to our community not to show any tolerance for abusive behaviour on social media. I ask that each one of you recognise your responsibility in this regard.
The university’s pledge to investigate the page and potential members is a valiant one – no one should get away with mistreating women in such a manner – but already, the college has failed in one vital aspect.
What should be the subject of this email? The use of social media? Or the people behind it and the people who suffer as a result?
The focus of this email should not have been misuse of Facebook but the inappropriate and cruel treatment of fellow students and peers.
Unfortunately, UCD has fallen into the techno-pessimistic trap: blaming the vehicle instead of the driver. We’ve all heard of the potential dangers of social media – for young people, cyberbullying and online predators are posed as a serious threat. But the threat is never depicted as a person at a keyboard, as what it really is. It is depicted as a digital profile page with no corporeal form behind the words and images on screen.
This logic is now applied to the dissemination of “revenge porn” also. It is the websites and domains which support posting and discussing images which are dangerous: this is easier than holding a person or group accountable.
This manner of blaming social media and/or the internet for harassment or bullying explicitly crops the person behind the post or page from the image and therein validates their actions. They are not accountable anymore: social media is.
So I say to the presidents, deans, lecturers, revenge-porn posters, chat groups, victims, students and peers at UCD and anyone else reading this: place the blame on the person responsible. Hold them fully accountable for their actions, these are college educated men who should be punished for such zealous mistreatment and cruelty. Recognize that the women they have victimized deserve some form of justice.

Music is striking a chord in the lodging industry — from the open mic nights at Hotel RL to in-room record players at The Redbury in Miami. But that’s only the beginning. For the music-obsessed, these seven hotels will make you feel like you’re with the band.
Jaz in the City, which opened in late 2015, is within spitting distance of Amsterdam’s major concert venues. But location isn’t the only reason this is the perfect Holland opus. The leitmotif of the lobby is quite harmonious, with coffee tables made from Marshall sound equipment and footrests reminiscent of drums. Lobby walls are jammed with photos and posters of famous musicians, and Rhythms Bar showcases local bands and DJs.
The Aria Hotel Budapest is going for baroque. The fully restored 1870s building features decor inspired by jazz, classical, opera, and contemporary music. One suite is specially dedicated to Hungarian composer Franz Liszt. The theme is carried throughout the hotel, with a tiled piano key path through the lobby, music-inspired art installations, and a rare Bogányi piano. The hotel also has a director who curates local music experiences and a music library, which guests can listen to on in-room iPads.
The first W Sound Suite at W Bali-Seminyak features a stylish, sound-proof space featuring a lounge large enough for the entourage. The main mixing room includes professional equipment from the likes of Pioneer and Moog, as well as a private vocal booth overlooking a tropical garden. Hollywood, Barcelona, and Seattle will soon be getting their own sound suites, designed in part by W’s North American music director, DJ White Shadow (best known for his producing work with Lady Gaga).
Designed to accommodate touring musicians, Amsterdam’s BackStage Hotel is both hostel and hotel. Private and shared rooms (for up to five people) are black and white, accented by instruments hanging on the walls. Each chamber has an iPod docking station and bulb-lined theater mirrors. Guests can pick up one of the hotel’s guitars and play some tunes, or fake it while playing Guitar Hero at the bar. For good measure, the bar also hosts open mic sessions.
The Verb in Boston is not a hotel for grammarians. The name is a play on the musical term reverb. The owners have converted an old Howard Johnson motel into a funky homage to the Boston indie music scene. Throughout the lobby are key pieces of pop memorabilia. A wood-grain turntable rests on the check-in counter, and front desk personnel help guests spin albums from a collection of Boston-related music. In the rooms, facsimiles of rock-themed covers of the city’s alternative newspaper, the Boston Phoenix, and silkscreen prints of rock stars line the walls.
Disney’s All-Star Music Resort plays it a little more mainstream. The property pays homage to popular music genres, including country, jazz, rock and roll, calypso, and Broadway show tunes. A giant neon jukebox and oversize instrument icons are strategically placed around the exterior, and each room’s balcony is lined with musical notes. One pool looks like a piano and the other is shaped like a guitar.

For those searching for something more exciting than a lazy day at the beach on your Panama City Beach vacations, Seahaven Beach Resorts has activities to get your adrenaline pumping.
With both the adventurous and the slightly less adventuresome in mind, we offer a wide range of activities to keep your day packed with fun events! So It’ time to relax and have some fun in Seahaven Beach Resort!
We not just have white sand and turquoise water but a lot of adventurous activities for you and your family. From parasailing to jet skiing to riding a banana boat, you are bound to make memories that will last a lifetime when you stay at Seahaven Beach Resort! After enjoying these activities, you can enjoy your lunch or dinner at our Sharky’s Beachfront Restaurant – known for its gulf Seafood.
So have you started packing your bags for your Panama City Beach Vacation? Get ready to encounter a thrilling experience with our bunch of fun activities.
Parasailing, Jetski Rentals, and Banana Boat Rides are offered on property and professionally managed by our friends at FunPCB. To learn about pricing, availability, and other activities contact them directly at 850-235-8051 or visit their website FunPCB.com.
The Sealives Initiative Full Story blog contains our content gathered from personal interviews with the people we have met and photographed along our journey.
Bryce Klee operates a kayaking tour company out of Queen Charlotte and has been doing so for the past five years. For a time in his earlier life, he was a safari guide in Africa.
In his work as a kayaking guide, he also sometimes takes people fishing in the Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve. This makes him, like many people on Haida Gwaii and off, someone who profits from the area’s lack of total marine protection. Unlike any other we have yet heard from, however, Bryce, “would gladly give up the right just to do that small amount of fishing if it meant that that leveled the playing field in terms of stopping all fishing.”
Stopping all fishing? He means stopping all commercial fishing in the waters surrounding Gwaii Haanas, specifically. Not everywhere in the oceans. Bryce is a reasonable, thinking man and he has logical reasons for proposing what at first glance may seem unreasonable. As already mentioned, he would even give up his admittedly small piece of that cash pie.
Bryce Klee, on the beach outside his kayak, stand-up paddleboard and bicycle rental business, Queen Charlotte, Haida Gwaii.
The marine area being protected under the new Gwaii Haanas Land-Sea-People Management Plan has jumped from three percent to forty percent. Of course, that looks very good on paper. Bryce believes the commercial fishing interests had an overabundance of say on the matter, however, and that there are areas that were protected before that no longer are. He says this is because the commercial fishing lobbyists, if you will, were able to get the new plan to leave the best and most populated fishing areas unprotected. He says these are the areas where many species gather to spawn, and where they mostly habitate, and that nature dictates that fishing those areas will affect every other area nearby.
Bryce says it most eloquently when he tells us, “You can protect 80% of the marines around Gwaii Haanas and leave 20% of the best, most productive regions where fish are…and you’ve in essence protected nothing. Because that other 80% requires that 20% that’s most productive to sort of restock itself. And that’s almost what’s happening right now. You can pick this arbitrary number: 40, 60, 80. It wouldn’t matter what it was. If it’s not everything, then it’s almost nothing. And that’s what’s kind of disappointing about this process is that you get to pat yourself on the back right now because [it looks to the general public like] you’ve done something.”
While they come every ten years and they re-evaluate the sea management plan, he says, and it almost seemed arbitrary to increase the amount of fully protected area from eight to 40 percent [Ed. Note: the earlier protected amount was actually three percent]. Even those with whom he spoke who were involved in the process told him this was so. Forty was a number they chose because they figured it would not ruffle too many feathers. But, he says, “it is not very ambitious as a long-term goal to only partially protect this small area when you don’t have to be an expert in ocean conservation or marine biology in order to see how interconnected all these little spots are...” Put another way, while 40% protection sounds good, because the ocean is not a stable environment and not a lake, nothing is actually protected as far as fish stocks go.
A momentous undertaking and show of cooperation, the Gwaii Haanas Land-Sea-People Management Plan is headed by the Archipelago Management Board (AMB). Making the plan the first of its kind in Canada, the AMB is being supported by a team comprised of members from the Council of the Haida Nation, Parks Canada, and Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO). All have worked closely with the Gwaii Haanas Advisory Committee (GHAC) while taking in thousands of suggestions from the public and working towards a first draft of the plan that will guide policy in the region for the next decade. As it relates to the spirit of cooperation and a hope for future collaborations, the plan is something to be proud of.
"But, how much does it cost to pay them for their loss of no longer being able to access Gwaii Haanas? It must not be that much."
“It’s not,” he goes on to point out, “the weight of the fish that gets sold in the markets. It’s the long-term value of having a functional ecosystem; of having a place where people can go to appreciate the environment. And surely that value is much higher.” Bryce believes, knowing full well that a capitalist society must bow to money, that we should properly value Gwaii Haanas for what it is worth as a functioning ecosystem. Which it won’t be, he says, “if we continue to fish it for another ten years before we re-evaluate this and finally figure out that we could just stop. We could just leave this little area alone. It doesn’t have to be so, at least in my opinion, for the short term gain of a few fishermen who…To be quite frank, half of them don’t even live here in Haida Gwaii; not that localism necessarily matters. But, how much does it cost to pay them for their loss of no longer being able to access Gwaii Haanas? It must not be that much. I don’t think, anyway. We’re talking hundreds of thousands of dollars to millions of dollars, but the value of Gwaii Hanaas is, in my opinion, much greater. So you can improve this whole process by properly valuing the place and the environment versus the economic benefit of fishing.”
Jason asked Bryce where, as a businessman, he thought the line should be drawn in the tourism of the area between the right amount of impact and the wrong amount of impact, environmentally. Not just in regards to fishing, but as a whole. “In tourism,” he replied, “I think we are constantly having that internal struggle. Especially when you are bringing people to remote and very rich, natural habitats. How do you show somebody that without diminishing it at the same time? And it’s a very difficult thing to do. And of course, where is the line? If you don’t bring people there at all, then there’s almost no appreciation for it. Even though that shouldn’t be the basis for valuing wilderness. Still, there’s got to be a balance. And, of course, everybody who goes to visit Gwaii Haanas is going to burn a bit of fuel to get there. They are going to disturb, in one way or another. I hope that at least as kayakers we have a minimal impact, but I wouldn’t pretend like we have none.”
“It’s worth also considering that this place used to be home to twenty thousand Haida people and at that time still the environment probably flourished. I think, of course, there was many more fish while 20,000 people lived there than there are now when only three- or four thousand people live here. So it's not necessarily that people can’t cohabitate with the natural environment, and not have that be a mutually beneficial relationship. It’s how you do it, right?” Bryce admits he doesn’t know what the best answer is, but his point is well taken. If, in the past, more people could better manage the conservation of this area for thousands of years, then there has got to be a way for this fewer amount of people to find a way to do so in the future, if not now.
"So how am I supposed to buy a cucumber from the grocery store that doesn’t come in plastic when they pretty much all come in plastic."
“Undoubtedly, people can minimize their impact on the environment around them. I think we see even evidence of that around here now. But, moreover, I think that people have a natural place in their environment and that there are many species that benefit from our presence when we live in a more natural type of way. And I would imagine that the Haida people long into the past probably had that relationship with the environment given that it was thriving before colonialism arrived here. We have many examples of how people have lived in harmony with the environment and how, even with greater population numbers, potentially, you can still have a balance there. So, we’ve got to figure that out here, right? And it is difficult because I think we can all imagine in our minds how it is that we might live more in harmony with the environment around us.”
“But then, of course, we’re driven by money. All of our decisions come down to a cost-benefit analysis because capitalism is the way right now. So, you can’t really even blame the individual for often not making that choice even when they know how it is that they might be more harmonious with the environment.”
Bryce laughs. “How do we do it. Yeah, right? There’s so many easy wins right now, right? You could just reduce very easily just the amount of stuff one needs. The amount of packaging our food comes in; all the plastic that our stuff comes in. We don’t need that, right? But yet there it is. So how am I supposed to buy a cucumber from the grocery store that doesn’t come in plastic when they pretty much all come in plastic. Or, how is the average person supposed to make a choice for this type of stuff?”
“In my opinion, we look to the government to make this change. As individuals we push and we try to value the environment and the things we know will benefit it. But at the end of the day, if you don’t want to have food wrapped in plastic, the government’s got to, in my opinion, regulate that industry and say no more plastic is allowed. No more plastic packaging. And then the industry will adapt. I don’t think that me as an individual…I can’t choose one product versus the other and expect that to make a meaningful change as much as a policy change. Yeah. That’s just my opinion, but I think it has to come from the top.”
Of course, as we have seen in Gwaii Haanas, one issue that has arisen, not just here, but in most aspects of capitalist societies, is that a small amount of people who control a certain something, usually stocks or other monies, get an inordinate amount of voice in policy directions. This time, at least according to Bryce, it’s effect has been to, “prevent meaningful change from happening.”
← Words of Hope and Anger for First Nations Culture and the Environment West Coast Fisheries, ITQs and the DFO →
Search was unable to find any results for "Bbcl6y6t106j0az1965",you may have typed your word incorrectly, or are being too specific.
…the Body-Solid GDCC200 Functional Training Center. This dual independent weight stack system provides dedicated resistance with true isolateral movements. Core stability training can lead to improved balance, coordination and stability. By efficiently working your body's stabilizer muscles though…
…and the commercial grade parts and design makes the Functional Trainer one of the strongest, most durable training centers on the market. Multiple handgrips – including Body Solid’s exclusive rock climber grips – help users build upper body and hand grip strength. The 14” padded athletic bar allows…
…the Body-Solid GDCC210 Functional Training Center. This dual independent weight stack system provides dedicated resistance with true isolateral movements. Core stability training can lead to improved balance, coordination and stability. By efficiently working your body's stabilizer muscles though…
The Functional Trainer Accessory Rack slides right down over the crossbar and locks into place with a simple two bolt installation. With hooks on the back of the bar, you are provided with convenient and easy organisation for all of your gym accessories. Please note: accessories are not included.
The Matrix Connexus Functional Training System lets you take on a virtually limitless range of exercises and movements to redefine your body and achieve your unique fitness goals at home. With just this one piece of equipment, you can train for weight loss, strength, endurance and full-body fitness,…
…use it as a stand-alone functional tool. The secret to the BOSU is that it forces the body to work harder to maintain balance. This enables you to strengthen all your muscle groups, engaging those core muscles, as well as both your large and small muscle groups. With a solid, durable platform, you…
…use it as a stand-alone functional tool. The secret to the BOSU is that it forces your body to work harder to maintain balance. This enables you to strengthen all your muscle groups, engaging those core muscles, as well as both your large and small muscle groups. With a solid, durable platform, you…
…major muscle group in your body. Sturdy construction of the extra wide and tall mainframe provides you with easy access to an endless array of high and low pulley exercises. Your workout options become unlimited when you invest in one of the most versatile and functional machines manufactured today.…
…addition to any home gym exercise programme. Sturdy and stable, the new design lets you exercise virtually every major muscle group in your body. Interchangeable cable handles provide an unlimited number of possibilities for all experience levels, and the extra wide and tall mainframe provides…
Pro Club Line Dual Cable Column In only a 3' x 4' area, you can perform an unlimited amount of exercises that will sculpt your body into statuesque form, safely and quickly. Dual 310 Lb. weight stacks offer a resistance range fit for beginners and professional athletes alike. With a simple pop-pin…
Pro Club Line Dual Cable Column In only a 3' x 4' area, you can perform an unlimited amount of exercises that will sculpt your body into statuesque form, safely and quickly. Dual 160 Lb. weight stacks offer a resistance range fit for beginners and professional athletes alike. With a simple pop-pin…
Pro Club Line Dual Cable Column In only a 3' x 4' area, you can perform an unlimited amount of exercises that will sculpt your body into statuesque form, safely and quickly. Dual 235 Lb. weight stacks offer a resistance range fit for beginners and professional athletes alike. With a simple pop-pin…


Becoming a parent is exciting, beautiful and scary all wrapped into one – I’m sure there’s a German word for it like “wundershitten”.
Here are some great posts that show you that you’re not alone on this crazy parenthood journey and some great advice for dealing with everything from newborns to know-it-alls.

VICTORVILLE � Long before the Mall of Victor Valley was built, before the nonstop commuter congestion of Bear Valley Road, downtown Victorville was the cradle of the High Desert's biggest city.
Victorville's E Street and its neighborhoods of simple homes near the Mojave River north of the railroad tracks were mostly forgotten by developers who spread the city south and west starting in the 1950s.
Today, newer residents to the area know little of E Street's history, while others, such as Harold Holmes, have labeled the current condition of one of the city's first neighborhoods as "a wretched hive of scum and villainy."
"I've never been down there, but I hear it's full of drunks, gangs and the homeless," said Holmes, 42, who has lived in southern Victorville all his life. "That is why it's called the other side of the tracks."
Many have adopted Holmes' perception of the neighborhood, made up mainly of about 50 homes, two churches, a school campus, a city park and a building that was once the city's original jail.
But teacher Rocky Lockwood, who used to play softball at Eva Dell Park, described the E Street neighborhood as "a place frozen in time and circumstance."
Those who live there might agree. Through the economic booms and busts of Victorville, to them E Street remains largely unchanged from what it has been for 100 years: a place they call home.
Jesse Camerena, 76, who lives in the house he built 55 years ago with his wife, Rosie, described E Street as a typical Victorville neighborhood that he would walk through at night if he was not bedridden.�
"I built my house for $8,000 and it was paid for a long time ago," Camerena said. "Most of the houses in this area are being rented out for about $500 to $600 a month."
Camerena said a "handful of old-timers" still own their homes, but most are families that rent for a few months, then move on to places such as Washington, Oregon, Colorado and Texas.
Camerena praises the City of Victorville for its maintenance of the neighborhood streets and Eva Dell Park.
"There is somebody from the city here almost everyday, cleaning streets, cutting the park grass," Camerena said.
Ruben Varela, a second generation E Street resident with a flowing white beard, said he still longs for the day when children respected adults and neighbors helped each other.�
"Back then, kids did not cuss, but now days kids will tell you off and threaten you," Varela said. "Back then kids would get whipped for what they did."
Varela, 63, said his ancestors were born in the High Desert, when the area was still part of Mexico.�
"We love living here, I have fruit trees and even have some chickens," Varela said. "We've been here all our lives; we'll be here until it's time to go."
Varela said the only crime he'd seen recently was in April, when a car crashed into his property after a teenager attending a nearby house party was shot and killed.�
Doris Slider, secretary of First Missionary Baptist Church on First Street, said over the past 30 years she's known the area as one of the most "peaceful and quiet spots in the High Desert."
"I'm here almost every day and we've never had any problems," Slider said. "Many of the homeless that come through from the river are respectful and they look out for us."
Slider said the area had not changed much over the past three decades, except for the closure of George Air Force Base in the 1990s.�
"We lost a lot of traffic that came through downtown and about 50 people from our church left," Slider said. "Almost all of our congregation comes from other parts of the High Desert."
Local community leader Felix Diaz, who was born in Victorville almost 80 years ago, said the E Street neighborhood has had a hard time trying to escape its negative reputation.�
"Many people believe that the area is a gang-infested sewer, but it's not," said Diaz, who once attended a segregated Eva Dell School near E Street and still has friends who live in the neighborhood because "they want to."
"I still make it a point to visit the area on a regular basis," he continued. "There are good people down there."
Gabino De La Cruz, the reporter's father, was born in Victorville in 1924 and said he recalled living in a three-walled house on Fourth and E streets before he started a five-decade career at the nearby Southwestern Portland Cement Co. as a teenager.�
"Growing up, we had everything in one place. We used to think driving to Palmdale Road was like driving to San Bernardino," De La Cruz said. "Before the 1950s, blacks and Mexicans had to be back on the north side of the tracks before sundown."
Racial divides forced the neighborhood to be more self-contained than it is today. Both De La Cruz and Diaz said they remember when the E Street area included a hotel, a barber shop, a restaurant, a grocery store, a blacksmith, a movie house and a USO Center for non-whites.
Standing in a classroom of the former Goodwill High School campus, Deloris Williams begins the long process of packing up after weeks of teaching 250 students about science, technology, engineering and math.�
Williams, who is the president and CEO of Millionaire Mind Kids, once ran a successful information technology company in Los Angeles, making $150,000 a year.
More than a decade later, Williams, along with her grandchildren, Kahlil and Najah Williams � both preparing for college � operate a summer camp and a successful financial literacy program for disadvantaged children, affording them opportunities they may have never had otherwise.
"Don't let the neighborhood fool you," Williams said. "Some of the brightest minds in the High Desert have come through our class and some live right here. Believe me, this is a neighborhood of hope and change."
"It used to be home to a lot of homeless, but I think they've moved on or have just hunkered down at the river," said Jose Cueto, 72, a retired machinist who visits the park regularly and takes advantage of the Victorville Riverwalk at Eva Dell Park.�
Camerena said most of the homeless don't venture through the neighborhood and stay closer to the river, toward the cement plant and freeway.
Cueto said he's heard of some violence in the park but is skeptical that it's more dangerous than other city parks.�
"Being downtown and so close to the river makes it scary for some people," Cueto said. "I feel safer at Eva Dell over Hook Park, or even James Woody in Apple Valley."


When it comes to estate planning, one of the most important decisions you will make is who will carry out your wishes when you are gone. An executor, or “personal representative” as it is called in Arizona, is the person you can designate to communicate and enforce the provisions of your Arizona last will and testament. But can a personal representative of a will be a beneficiary, too? And what happens if a personal representative is not carrying out the deceased’s wishes? It’s fairly common for the personal representative to also be a beneficiary, but a beneficiary personal representative conflict can occur. Here’s what you need to know.
Disclaimer: Please note that this article is not intended to be legal advice. You should always talk to an attorney who is skilled at estate planning about your unique situation.
In short, yes. If you are the personal representative of an estate, as identified in the deceased’s will (or otherwise appointed thereafter), it is perfectly legal for you to also be named as a beneficiary.
Note that if someone passes away without a will, their estate (all of their assets less debts) will pass under the intestate statutes and a personal representative may still be required and appointed if their assets less debts are large enough.
In most cases, an adult child who is designated (or appointed) as a personal representative also benefits from the estate. For couples without children, the personal representative and sole beneficiary may be the same person (typically a spouse).
The personal representative of your estate may also have power of attorney while you are alive, if you elect to designate someone for this purpose. This set-up, however, can become complicated. The most important thing to consider is that both your personal representative and the person with power of attorney can be trusted to carry out your wishes.
It can be helpful to understand the legal definitions of a beneficiary, a personal representative, and other interested persons. Most of us are at least passingly familiar with what a beneficiary is. Fewer may be aware of what a personal representative does or what “interested person” means when it comes to estates.
According to Arizona Title 14-1201, a beneficiary of a will or inheritance refers to someone who receives some type of benefit upon the occasion of a person’s death (typically financial). These benefits may include:
– Money or other financial instruments held in a financial account with a payable-on-death designation
Legally speaking, a personal representative carries out the provisions of the will. A personal representative is often the deceased’s spouse or child, but close friends, other trusted associates, or even a lawyer may also be appointed. Because a family member is the most common personal representative, the role of beneficiary and personal representative often overlap.
Just because you have been appointed personal representative does not mean you must accept the role. Family members may not want to feel caught in the middle when a loved one passes away—and may choose to decline appointment. In this case, another personal representative can be named before or after a person dies.
When it comes to a person’s estate, there are usually many people who are affected. This overarching category can include beneficiaries and personal representatives, as well as any:
As noted in Title 14-1201, the term interested persons “may vary from time to time and must be determined according to the particular purposes of, and matter involved in, any proceeding.”
The responsibilities of a personal representative are outlined in Arizona will statutes (Title 14). A personal representative’s duties to the estate and the beneficiaries include processing the will through probate, which generally takes between six and eight months. You may also be responsible for the following.
The personal representative of an estate has 30 days to locate and inform the interested persons of the appointment as personal representative for the estate of the deceased (legally called “decedent”) (Title 14-3705).
Under Title 14-3706, the personal representative has 90 days to prepare a complete inventory of the deceased’s property. This includes noting the fair market value of the property, any liens against the property, and whether it is held in community with another person.
Interested persons can request a copy of this inventory. If other property is discovered after this first inventory, or the value of the property changes, the personal representative must file a supplemental inventory, noting the changes.
Perhaps one of the most challenging aspects of a personal representative’s duties is taking possession of the deceased’s property, if necessary, and protecting it.
After a person’s death, family relationships may become contentious and some members may attempt to subvert the wishes of the deceased by confiscating property or selling off assets. Once a person passes away, the personal representative of the estate is responsible for the decedent’s property.
If any person, including the personal representative, fails to adhere to the statutory mandates regarding protection of the decedent’s property and handling of assets, they may be subject to prosecution (Title 14-3709).
In addition to these basic duties, personal representatives have authority, when acting reasonably for the benefit of the interested persons, to conduct certain transactions related to the estate as outlined in Title 14-3715.
For some, following the wishes of the deceased is straightforward. For complex estates or those that are contested, things can get complicated.
If you’re interested in contesting a will, you’ll have to prove that all or a portion of the will is invalid. This can be an extremely complex process that’s always best undertaken with the help of a highly qualified estate attorney.
Interested persons may also take issue with the personal representative’s actions. Personal representatives who refuse to show the will to heirs, attempt to change the distribution of assets from what is outlined in the will, ignore the provisions of the will, or, in the worst case scenario, attempt to take everything for themselves must be dealt with in court. In these cases, it’s vital that you talk to an estate attorney to discuss your options.
If you are an interested person and feel the will’s personal representative is not lawfully performing their duties, there are ways to enforce the will.
– Get legal help: Going it alone can be difficult. Consulting with a lawyer can help you better understand your rights.
– Notify the personal representative: If you can resolve the issue outside of court, this is the best course, especially when the personal representative is a family member. If not, filing a complaint with the probate court and requesting a full account of the estate is your next step. Again, this is always best done with an attorney’s assistance.
Because issues surrounding wills can be complicated, you need an Arizona estate lawyer you can trust. ARTEMiS Law Firm has the compassionate experience you need for all matters surrounding your estate settlement. Get in touch today for help.
Terminating parental rights, whether involuntary or voluntary, is a painful and complex situation. Here’s what you need to know about termination of parental rights in Arizona. Disclaimer: Please note that…
Estate planning can be a complicated process, no matter the size of your estate. When you are deciding how to distribute your assets, setting up a trust in Arizona may…
The legal guidelines for child support in Arizona clearly lay out how child support is determined. Both parents have financial responsibilities for their children, each contributing a set percentage of…
When you call Artesa Apartments home, you’ll find yourself conveniently located a short drive northwest of Milwaukee nestled in the heart of Mequon, one of Wisconsin’s premier neighborhoods located in the exclusive Mequon School District. You will quickly realize the many conveniences our location offers; such as easy freeway access to I-43 and HWY 45, along with many great shopping and dining options. Artesa Apartments is a great place for pet owners. Surrounded by the quiet suburban living, combined with our brand new modern apartment design, we’d love to welcome you to your new home!
Behind the new modern facade in Mequon’s premier suburban neighborhood, Artesa Apartments features stylish details and modern comforts that will suit any lifestyle. You will love the vast array of apartment amenities available at Artesa Apartments: quartz countertops, luxury vinyl plank flooring, luxury tile bathrooms, walk-in closets, in unit washer and dryer and large windows are just a few of the many reasons you will want to call Artesa Apartments home. Our pet-friendly apartment community features nearby parks, state-of-the-art fitness center along with a free indoor heated parking spot. Onsite management and maintenance services makes living at Artesa Apartments worry free. We invite you to browse the neighborhood and to schedule a private showing today.
Recent studies have shown a crucial role of Gαq in immune regulation, but how Gαq modulates regulatory B-cell (Breg) function is still unclear. We address this here.
CD19+IL-10+ Bregs of wild-type (WT) and Gnaq−/− mice were analyzed by flow cytometry after stimulation by lipopolysaccharide. The WT and Gnaq−/− Bregs were isolated and cocultured with WT CD4+CD25− T cells in the presence of T-activator, and the proliferation of T cells and differentiation of regulatory T cells (Tregs) were analyzed by flow cytometry. We used inhibitors of PI3 kinase (PI3K), extracellular regulated protein kinases 1/2 (Erk1/2), and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) to detect the pathways involved in the regulation of Gαq on Breg differentiation, which were confirmed by western blot analysis. Furthermore, the expression level of Gαq was assessed by quantitative real-time PCR in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from healthy controls and rheumatoid arthritis patients. The frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells in PBMCs was detected by flow cytometry, and the association of the Gαq mRNA expression level and the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells was analyzed by Spearman test.
The differentiation of CD19+IL-10+ Bregs was inhibited in the Gnaq−/− mice. In addition, Gαq depletion showed an impaired suppressive function of Bregs on T-cell proliferation, which might be due to the decreased Treg expansion. Mechanically, our data demonstrated that the PI3K, Erk1/2, and p38 MAPK signaling pathways were required for regulation of Gαq on Bregs, and blockage of these signaling pathways impaired Breg differentiation. Consistent with our previous studies, we also found a decreased frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs in rheumatoid arthritis patients. As expected, a significantly positive correlation was investigated between CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs with Gαq mRNA expression.
Our results indicate that Gαq plays a critical role in the differentiation and immunosuppression of Bregs, and it may provide a new therapeutic target for autoimmune diseases.
B cells are best known for their capacity to produce antibodies. In addition, they also exert a variety of other functions during the immune response, including antigen presentation and production of various cytokines, which are involved in the early and late stages of T-cell-mediated immune responses [1]. However, B-cell-deficient mice were observed to be susceptible to experimental autoimmune encephalitis (EAE), and to be unable to recover from it [2]. Furthermore, adoptive transfer of IL-10+ B cells can suppress inflammation of EAE [3]. A new population of B cells, regulatory B cells (Bregs), has increasingly gained attention for restraining inflammation [4, 5]. Bregs can suppress the differentiation of T helper 1 (Th1) and T helper 17 (Th17) cells, and promote regulatory T-cell (Treg) induction [6, 7]. It was also reported that Bregs support the maintenance of invariant nature killer T (iNKT) cells [8]. Bregs have been shown to inhibit autoreactive and pathogen-driven immune response mainly through the production of interleukin-10 (IL-10), interleukin-35 (IL-35), and transforming growth factor beta (TGF-β) [9]. Until now, the production of immune-suppressive cytokine IL-10 was thought to be a hallmark of Breg function [10]. In some human autoimmune diseases, it has been reported that Breg function is impaired and does not prevent the development of human autoimmune diseases, such as RA [7], relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis [11], systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) [12], and so on [13]. However, the mechanism of impaired Breg function in autoimmune diseases remains unclear.
The heterotrimeric guanine nucleotide-binding proteins (G proteins) are important signal transducers, which when attached to the cell surface plasma membrane receptors, G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), can communicate with signals from a large number of hormones, neurotransmitters, chemokines, sensory stimuli, and autocrine and paracrine factors. The heterotrimeric G proteins are composed of three subunits (α, β, and γ subunits) that cycle between inactive and active signaling states in response to guanine nucleotides [14, 15]. On the basis of downstream signaling targets of α subunits, these α subunits are divided into four classes: Gαi/0, Gαs, Gαq/11, and Gα12/13. Gαq is a member of the Gαq/11 subfamily encoded by GNAQ [16]. Gαq is ubiquitously expressed in mammalian cells and nearly 40% of all GPCRs rely upon Gαq family members to stimulate inositol lipid signaling [15]. It is well known that Gαq plays an essential role in the nervous system, endocrine system, and cardiovascular system [16–20]. Many studies have also established the physiological importance of Gαq in the immune system. A previous study showed that Gαq-deficient (Gnaq−/−) mice exhibited impaired eosinophil recruitment to the lung after antigenic challenge, probably due to an impaired production of granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) by resident airway leukocytes [21]. Our previous study reported that Gnaq−/− dendritic cells were defective in migrating from the skin to draining lymph nodes after fluorescein isothiocyanate sensitization, and Gnaq−/− monocytes were defective in migrating from the bone marrow into inflamed skin after contact sensitization [22]. The functional involvement of Gαq in TCR-induced immune responses was also investigated [23]. In addition, Gnaq−/− chimeras could spontaneously develop manifestations of systemic autoimmune disease with high titer antinuclear antibody and inflammatory arthritis, which was observed in our previous study [24]. In humans, our previous work also showed that Gαq mRNA expression was decreased in peripheral blood lymphocyte cells (PBMCs) and T cells from SLE patients compared to that from healthy individuals. What is more, the Gαq expression in T cells from SLE patients was associated with disease severity, the presence of lupus nephritis, and expression of Th1, Th2, and Th17 cytokines [25]. We also found that B cells from mice lacking the Gαq subunit of trimeric G proteins have an intrinsic survival advantage over normal B cells, suggesting that Gαq is critically important for maintaining control of peripheral B-cell tolerance induction and repressing autoimmunity [24]. Whether Gαq regulates Breg function is still unknown.
In this study, we found a critical role of Gαq in Breg differentiation and Gnaq−/− Bregs showed an impaired suppressive function on T-cell proliferation. Our human data also showed that the decreased frequency of Bregs showed a significantly positive correlation with Gαq mRNA expression in RA patients. Taken together, our work reveals a novel function of Gαq in regulating Breg function.
Peripheral blood was obtained from 34 RA patients and 24 healthy controls from the inpatient clinic of the Department of Rheumatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University, Xiamen, China. The criteria used for RA diagnosis were based on those of the American Rheumatism Association (1987) [26] and the new criteria from the ACR/EULAR (2010) [27]. Gαq mRNA expressions were detected by RT–PCR, the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells in PBMCs was detected by flow cytometry, and the association of Gαq mRNA expression level and frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells was studied. The clinical characteristics of the RA patients are summarized in Table 1. Informed consent was obtained from all recruits to this study. This study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University in accordance with the World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki.
All experimental procedures involving mice were approved by the institutional animal care committee of Xiamen University. C57BL/6 J (B6) mice were purchased from Xiamen University Laboratory Animal Center. C57BL/6 J (B6) mice and Gnaq−/− (n > 8 backcrossed to C57BL/6 J) mice were bred in Xiamen University Laboratory Animal Center. The mice used in this study were 6–8 weeks age.
The purification of CD4+CD25− T cells from the spleen of mice was performed using the CD4+CD25− T Cell Isolation Kit (Miltenyi Biotec, Bergisch-Gladbach, Germany), LS Columns (Miltenyi Biotec), and MidiMACS™ Separators (Miltenyi Biotec) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Briefly, 1*107 cells from the mice spleen were stained with biotin-antibody cocktail in buffer (PBS/2 mM EDTA/0.5% BSA) for 5 min at 4 °C. After that, the anti-Biotin MicroBeads and CD44 MicroBeads were sequentially added and incubated for 10 min at 4 °C.Cells were washed, centrifuged, and resuspended in 0.5 ml of buffer, and applied onto the column. The CD4+CD25− T cells in flow-through fluids were collected. The isolation of B cells and Tregs from the spleen of mice was performed using the corresponding Pan B Cell Isolation Kit II (Miltenyi Biotec) and the CD4+CD25+ Regulatory T cell Isolation Kit (Miltenyi Biotec) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Purity of the target cells was > 90% in all experiments assessed by flow cytometry. CD1dhiCD5+ B cells were isolated using a MoFlo High-Performance Cell Sorter (Beckman Coulter, Fullerton, CA, USA) with purities of 90–95%. Human PBMCs were isolated from 4 ml sodium heparin-treated venous blood samples by Ficoll density-gradient centrifugation using Lymphoprep™ (Axis-Shied PoC AS, Oslo, Norway). Washed and resuspended, the PBMCs were cryopreserved for future real-time polymerase chain reaction.
Purified B cells were planted in complete RPIM 1640 with 2.05 mM l-glutamine (GE Healthcare Life Sciences, Logan, UT, USA) supplement with 10% fetal bovine serum (PAN Seratech, Aidan Bach, Germany) and maintained in standard cell culture environment (95% humidity, 5% CO2 at 37 °C). For Breg induction, B cells were stimulated with LPS (Escherichia coli 0111:B4; Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) (10 μg/ml) for 48 h. PMA (50 ng/ml), ionomycin (250 ng/ml) (Sigma-Aldrich), and brefeldin A (10 μg/ml) (BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA, USA) were added for the last 5 h of culture before flow cytometry. For analysis of CD4+ T-cell proliferation and Treg differentiation, purified LPS-induced Bregs from the spleen of WT mice or Gnaq−/− mice and sorted CD4+CD25− T cells from the spleen of WT mice were 1:1 cocultured and activated with Dynabeads™ Mouse T-Activator CD3/CD28 (Life Technologies AS, Oslo, Norway) at a bead-to-cell ratio of 1:2 in 200 μl medium in a 96-well U-bottom plate for 72 h.
Total RNA was extracted from PBMCs with TriPure Isolation Reagent (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany) and the concentration of RNA was determined by measuring the absorbance at 260 nm in a UV–Vis spectrophotometer (Quawell, San Jose, CA, USA). Reverse transcription was performed by the Bio-Rad Systems (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA, USA) according to standard protocols using the Transcriptor First Strand cDNA Synthesis Kit (Roche Diagnostics GmbH). The expression level of Gαq was measured by real-time quantitative PCR. β-actin was simultaneously amplified and used as an internal control. The primer sequences were as follows: β-actin forward, 5′-AGAAAATCTGGCACCACACC-3′; β-actin reverse, 5′-AGAGGCGTACAGGGATAGCA-3′; Gαq forward, 5′-GTTGATGTGGAGAAGGTGTCTG-3′; and Gαq reverse, 5′-GTAGGCAGGTAGGCAGGGT-3′. Amplification was performed with the 7500 Real Time PCR Systems (Applied Biosystems, CA, USA). Gene expression levels were normalized by comparing to β-actin and relative expression was calculated by the2–ΔΔCt method.
The concentration of mouse IL-10 (BD Biosciences), IL-35 (Wuhan Huamei, China), TGF-β, IL-23 (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA), and IL-6 (R&D, Minneapolis, MN, USA) were measured using commercially available ELISA kits according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Absorbance at 450 nm was measured with an ELISA microplate reader (Molecular Devices, Sunnyvale, CA, USA).
Fc receptors were blocked with mouse Fc block and the dead cells were detected using Fixable Viability Dye eFlour™ 506 or 510 (eBioscience) before cell surface staining. For Breg staining, CD19-FITC or PE/Cy5, CD24-PE, CD38-PE/Cy7, CD1d-PE, and CD5-FITC mAbs were used. For intracellular IL-10 staining, cells were stained with CD19-PE/Cy5 or APC mAbs. Cells were washed, fixed with IC Fixation Buffer (eBioscience), permeabilized with Permeabilization Buffer (eBioscience), and stained with IL-10-PE. For Treg staining, cells were stained with combinations of CD4-FITC and CD25-PE/Cy5.5 or APC mAbs, fixed and permeabilized with Fixation/Permeabilization solution (eBioscience) and Permeabilization Buffer, and stained for detection of intracellular Foxp3-PE mAbs. For apoptotic cell detection, cells were washed twice with cold PBS and then resuspended in 1× Binding Buffer (BD Biosciences), and then the cells were stained with CD4-FITC, APC Annexin-V, and 7-AAD and incubated for 15 min at RT in the dark. Last, 400 μl of 1× Binding Buffer was added. Data were acquired using Cytomic FC500 or Cytoflex (Beckman Coulter) and analyzed using CXP Analysis and Cytexpert (Beckman Coulter).
Single-cell suspensions were lysed after stimulation in cOmplete Lysis-M (Roche Diagnostics GmbH) containing protease inhibitor cocktail (Roche Diagnostics GmbH) and phosphatase inhibitor cocktail (Roche Diagnostics GmbH) for 10 min with gentle shaking. The lysates were centrifuged at 14,000 × g for 15 min, and frozen at − 80 °C until use. For western blotting assays, the protein concentrations were determined using the BCA Protein Assay Kit (Thermo Scientific, Rockford, IL, USA), and equal amounts of protein (20 μg) per lane were separated by 10% SDS-PAGE gels and transferred to PVDF membranes. Membranes were blocked and then probed with primary antibodies against p-p38 MAPK (1:1000), p-Erk1/2 (1:2000), p-PI3K (1:1000), p-STAT1 (1:1000), or MyD88 (1:1000) at 4 °C overnight. After washing, the membranes were incubated with the appropriate HRP-conjugated secondary antibodies for 1 h at room temperature. After extensive washing, signals were visualized using the chemiluminescent HRP substrate system (Millipore, Billerica, MA, USA). Band quantification was performed on the Molecular Imager® ChemiDoc™ XRS+ system with Image Lab™ Software (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA, USA). Thereafter, membranes were stripped with stripping buffer before reprobing with anti-p38 MAPK (1:1000), Erk1/2 (1:1000), PI3K (1:1000), and STAT1 (1:1000) to ensure equal loading. GAPDH or β-Tubulin was also detected as the loading control. The level of protein phosphorylation was normalized to the loading control (total protein).
All data were obtained from at least three independent experiments and shown as mean ± standard deviation (SD). All data were analyzed using GraphPad Prism 5.01 software (GraphPad, San Diego, CA, USA). Statistical significance was determined by Student’s t test and the Mann–Whitney U test. Correlation was analyzed using Spearman’s test. A probability value of p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant.
We and others have reported that Gαq plays a critical role in immune disorders via regulating immune cell function. Recently, a crucial role of Bregs has been described in many studies. Nevertheless, whether Gαq regulates Breg function remains unknown. The Gnaq−/− mice were used to address this question. The flow cytometry analysis showed that there was no difference between WT and Gnaq−/− mice on the percentage of CD19+CD1dhiCD5+ Bregs (Fig. 1a, b) and CD19+IL-10+ Bregs (Fig. 1d, e), both of which are considered Breg markers in mice [9]. Additionally, no marked difference in the absolute number of Bregs was observed (Fig. 1c, f). Interestingly, a significantly higher expression of IFN-γ and IL-17 was observed in Gnaq−/− CD19+CD1dhiCD5+ Bregs (see Additional file 1: Figure S1A–D). Although increased production of IFN-γ by Gnaq−/− Bregs was observed, the STAT1 phosphorylation after LPS stimulation showed no difference between WT and Gnaq−/− Bregs (see Additional file 1: Figure S1E). In order to address whether Gαq has a role in regulating Breg differentiation, splenic B cells were isolated from WT and Gnaq−/− mice, and then stimulated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) for 48 h, which was shown to induce IL-10+ Breg differentiation [4]. After stimulation, the percentage of CD19+IL-10+ Bregs was significantly lower in Gnaq−/− mice (Fig. 1g, h). In addition, the expression of IL-10 in culture supernatant was also lower in Gnaq−/− mice when compared with that in WT mice (Fig. 1i). The IL-17 expression was slightly decreased in both groups, which might due to Breg differentiation by LPS stimulation (see Additional file 1: Figure S1F). Due to a critical role of IL-35 and TGF-β in Breg suppressive function, we also detected the expression of IL-35 and TGF-β. TGF-β production was lower in Gnaq−/− mice, while IL-35 expression was comparable with that in WT mice (see Additional file 2: Figure S2). Additionally, the inhibitory ligand PD-L1 on Gnaq−/− Bregs was also decreased. No different change was observed in FasL expression (Fig. 1j, k).
Loss of Gαq limited differentiation of CD19+IL-10+ Bregs. a–f Splenic cells isolated from Gnaq−/− mice and WT littermates and subjected to flow cytometry analysis. Splenic cells stained with anti-mouse CD19, CD1d, and CD5 after PMA, ionomycin, and BFA stimulation, followed by intracellular staining with IL-10. CD19-positive cells gated for analysis of CD1dhiCD5+ cells (a, representative images; b, statistical analysis). IL-10-positive cells in CD19+ gate also analyzed (d, representative images; e, statistical analysis). Absolute number of CD19+CD1dhiCD5+ and CD19+IL-10+ cells also quantified (c, f). g, h B cells isolated from spleen of WT and Gnaq−/− mice and stimulated with LPS for 48 h, and then PMA, ionomycin, and BFA added for last 5 h. After culture, cells stained with anti-mouse CD19, followed by intracellular staining with IL-10 and analysis by flow cytometry (g, representative images; h, statistical analysis). Results represent mean ± SD per group (n = 6–8 mice/group). Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. Data representative of three independent experiments. i–k Purified B cells from spleens of WT and Gnaq−/− mice stimulated with LPS for 48 h, then culture supernatants harvested and subjected to analysis of IL-10 production by ELISA (i), and cells collected to analyze PD-L1 and FasL expression. j Representative histograms show PD-L1 and FasL expression on Bregs from WT mice (red line), Gnaq−/− mice (green line), and isotype control (gray line). Mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) of PD-L1 and FasL expression also recorded by flow cytometry (k). Data presented as mean ± SD (n = 6–8), and Student’s t test performed to analyze statistical difference. Data representative of three independent experiments. *p < 0.05, **p < 0.01. IL interleukin, ns not significant, SSC side scatter
To rule out the effect of cell death on the decreased percentages of Gnaq−/− Bregs after 48 h LPS stimulation, the rates of dead cells were analyzed in the WT and Gnaq−/− Bregs. We found that Gαq deficiency did not promote cell death, while a decreased rate of cell death in Gnaq−/− Bregs was observed (Fig. 2a, b), which was in keeping with our previous published data [24]. Previous studies have shown the role of Toll-like receptors (TLRs) in B cell-mediated regulation [28–30]. Since we induced Bregs using LPS, the agonist of TLR4, we next detected TLR4 expression on both WT and Gnaq−/− B-cell surfaces. As shown in Fig. 2, there was no difference between them. Furthermore, myeloid differentiation primary response 88 (MyD88), a key signaling molecule downstream of TLRs, was also analyzed by immunoblotting. Consistently, no marked differences were observed (Fig. 2c, d). These data indicated that Gαq has no effect on the TLR4/MyD88 signal pathway.
Gαq deficiency did not affect TLR4 signaling in B cells. a, b B cells purified from WT and Gnaq−/− mice stimulated with LPS for 48 h, and PMA, ionomycin, and BFA added for last 5 h. Fixable Viability Dye eFlour™ 510 used to analyze B-cell death by flow cytometry. Data presented as mean ± SD of five mice. Results shown are one from three independent experiments. Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. ***p < 0.001. c Splenic cells from WT and Gnaq−/− mice stained with anti-mouse CD19 and anti-mouse TLR4, followed by flow cytometry analysis (n = 5). Representative histogram shown. Blue line, WT mice; red line, Gnaq−/− mice. Data representative of three independent experiments. d WT and Gnaq−/− B cells treated with LPS, then harvested to analyze Myd88 expression by western blot analysis at indicated times. Data representative of three independent experiments. Breg regulatory B cell, IL interleukin, LPS lipopolysaccharide, MyD88 myeloid differentiation primary response 88, TLR Toll-like receptor
To verify whether Gnaq−/− Bregs have an inhibitory effect on T-cell proliferation, CD1dhiCD5+ B cells were sorted from both WT and Gnaq−/− mice, and then we cocultured with purified CD4+CD25− T cells from the WT mice for 72 h under the stimulation of Mouse T-Activator CD3/CD28 Dynabeads™. Although it was weaker than that of Tregs, the inhibitory effect of WT Bregs on T-cell proliferation was significantly strong when compared to that of Gnaq−/− Bregs (Fig. 3a–c). Furthermore, there was no difference among control Bregs, WT Bregs, and Gnaq−/− Bregs in the viability of T cells (Fig. 3d, e), which indicated that the different T-cell proliferation was not due to different cell apoptosis. Previous studies have revealed that Bregs can restrain inflammation by promoting differentiation of Tregs [6, 7]. To evaluate the contribution of Gαq in this function of Bregs, we cocultured Bregs purified from WT or Gnaq−/− mice with WT CD4+CD25− T cells. As expected, an increased frequency of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ Tregs was detected in the WT group after stimulation, whereas there was no significant change of Foxp3 expression in the Gnaq−/− group when compared with the no Breg experimental group (Fig. 4a, b). Lots of studies have demonstrated that the cytokines IL-6, IL-23, and TGF-β act a crucial role in the regulation of Treg differentiation. Next, we analyzed these cytokines in the supernatants of cocultured WT or Gnaq−/− Bregs with activated CD4+CD25− T cells. As expected, IL-6 was increased in Gnaq−/− Bregs, whereas TGF-β production was decreased (Fig. 4c). Unfortunately, the IL-23 concentration was lower than the sensitivity of the test kit. These data showed that Gαq modulated Breg immunosuppression by regulating Breg cytokine production, which might affect Treg differentiation.
Lack of Gαq impairs ability of Bregs to suppress CD4+ T-cell proliferation. CFSE-labeled WT CD4+CD25− T cells cocultured (1:1) with sorting-purified WT Bregs, Gnaq−/− Bregs, or WT Tregs in presence of Mouse T-Activator CD3/CD28 Dynabeads™ for 72 h. Percentage of proliferated CD4+ T cells detected by flow cytometry (a, b), and total number of T cells also investigated (c). d, e Culture cells also harvested to analyze viability of T cells. Cells labeled with anti-mouse CD4, Annexin-V, and 7-AAD, and then analyzed by flow cytometry. Results represent mean ± SD per group (n = 5 mice/group). Data representative of three independent experiments. Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. *p < 0.05, **p < 0.01, ***p < 0.001. Breg regulatory B cell, CON control, Treg regulatory T cell
Numerous reports indicate that Gαq was implicated in regulating the MAPK pathways, PI3K/Akt pathways, and PLC-β activation [15, 31]. Interestingly, these pathways were also involved in production of IL-10 [32]. Therefore, we supposed that there might be crosstalk between Gαq and IL-10 signaling pathways. To address this hypothesis, we first confirmed these signal pathways in Breg differentiation. The differentiation of WT Bregs was significantly decreased in the presence of LY294002 (PI3K inhibitor), U0126 (Erk1/2 inhibitor), or SB203580 (p38 MAPK inhibitor). However, no significant changes were observed in Gnaq−/− Bregs (Fig. 5a, b), which may be related to a significantly reduced activation of these signaling pathways in Gnaq−/− Bregs. Consistently, we found that the levels of phospho-PI3K, phospho-Erk1/2, and phospho-p38 MAPK were lower after LPS stimulation in Gnaq−/− B cells when compared with those in WT B cells (Fig. 5c, d). In conclusion, the decreased activation of PI3K, Erk1/2, and p38 MAPK contributed to the impaired differentiation of Gnaq−/− Bregs.
Decreased activation of PI3K, Erk1/2 MAPK, and p38 MAPK signaling pathways in Gnaq−/− Bregs. Isolated B cells from WT and Gnaq−/− mice cultured in presence of SB203580 (p38 inhibitor) (2.65 μM), U0126 (Erk1/2 inhibitor) (26 μM), or LY294002 (PI3K inhibitor) (6.4 μM) for 1 h, then cells stimulated by LPS for 48 h, and PMA, ionomycin, and brefeldin A added for last 5 h of culture. After culture, cells stained with anti-mouse CD19 and intracellular staining with IL-10, followed by flow cytometry analysis (a, representative images; b, statistical analysis). c Splenic B cells purified from WT and Gnaq−/− mice and stimulated with LPS for 0–10 min. Protein from cell lysates exacted for analysis of phospho-PI3K, PI3K, phospho-Erk1/2, Erk1/2, phospho-p38 MAPK, and p38 MAPK by western blot analysis with specific antibodies individually. GAPDH used as loading control. d Protein expression levels quantified with Image Lab software. Ratios of phosphor-specific proteins versus total proteins obtained. Results represent mean ± SD per group (n = 4–5 mice/group). Data representative of three independent experiments. Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. *p < 0.05, ***p < 0.001, ***p < 0.001. Breg regulatory B cell, CON control, Erk1/2 extracellular regulated protein kinases 1/2, GAPDH glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase, IL interleukin, LPS lipopolysaccharide, ns not significant, PI3K PI3 kinase, PIM PMA/ionomycin/brefeldin A
Decreased frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs was correlated with Gαq mRNA expression in RA patients
Our presented experiments demonstrated that Gαq exerted a role in regulating Bregs in mice. Previous studies have shown that the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs was decreased in RA patients. Human CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Breg subsets have been shown to maintain tolerance in immune disorders via the release of IL-10 [9]. Here, to further address the regulation of Gαq in Breg function, we analyzed the correlation between Gαq mRNA expression and frequency of regulatory B cells in PBMCs from RA patients. In comparison to HC, a decreased frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells was observed in RA patients (Fig. 6a, b), and the mRNA expression of Gαq was also significantly lower in the RA group (Fig. 6c). Consistent with the animal results, we observed a significant positive correlation between the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells and the expression of Gαq mRNA in PBMCs from patients with RA and HC (Fig. 6d). These data further confirm that Gαq plays a critical role in immune tolerance via regulation of Bregs.
Correlation of frequencies of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells with Gαq mRNA expression in PBMCs from RA patients. PBMCs isolated from patients with RA and healthy individuals stained with CD19, CD24, and CD38. Representative flow cytometry plots showed CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B-cell subpopulations in PBMCs from healthy individuals (n = 24) and RA patients (n = 34) (a, representative images; b, statistical analysis). c Expression level of Gαq assessed by qPCR and normalized to β-actin in PBMCs from HC and RA patients. Mann–Whitney test compared data between two groups. d Correlation coefficient between Gαq expression and CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B-cell frequencies analyzed using the Spearman test (n = 58). **p < 0.01, ***p < 0.001. Breg regulatory B cell, HC healthy controls, RA rheumatoid arthritis
Recent studies have shown that Bregs play a crucial role in autoimmune diseases through suppressing the differentiation of Th1 and Th17 cells, and promoting Treg induction [9]. However, the mechanism of Breg differentiation still remains unknown. Our previous studies demonstrated that Gαq exerts an important role in immune regulation, including Th1 and Th17 function, while the role of Gαq in Breg regulation is still unclear. Here, we found that the differentiation and immunosuppressive effect of Bregs were inhibited in the Gnaq−/− mice. In addition, our data demonstrated that the PI3K, Erk1/2, and p38 MAPK signaling pathways were involved in the regulation of Breg function by Gαq. Furthermore, we also showed a decreased frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs in RA patients, which positively correlated with Gαq mRNA expression. These data suggest that Gαq was involved in the immune tolerance via regulating Breg function.
The existence of B cells with a suppressive capacity was initially reported in the study of guinea pigs in the mid-1970s [33, 34]. In the past 40 years, lots of studies have been focused on regulatory B cells and their mechanisms of action. Mizoguchi et al. [35] defined the B cells that produce IL-10 as regulatory B cells. Through producing IL-10, IL-35, and TGF-β, Bregs suppress immunopathology by prohibiting the expansion of pathogenic T cells and maintaining the pool of Tregs [9]. In our study, we also showed that the impaired immunosuppression of Gnaq−/− Bregs might be due to the decreased production of IL-10 and TGF-β. Bregs have been considered an important immune regulatory cell in many diseases, such as EAE, type 1 diabetes, collagen-induced arthritis, inflammatory bowel diseases, lupus, and so on [36]. Similarly, CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells, which were considered Bregs in human, can limit the differentiation of naïve CD4+ T cells into Th1 and Th17 populations, and maintain Treg function [7]. RA patients with active disease have reduced numbers of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells in PBMCs compared with healthy individuals [7]. Our data also found a remarkable decrease in the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs in RA patients. Although the number of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi B cells was increased in SLE patients, they lacked the suppressive capacity due to their failure to produce IL-10 [12]. Previous studies showed that IL-10 production of human B cells was associated with the activation of STAT3 and ERK [37]. Our current findings showed that IL-10 production was also impaired in Bregs in the absence of Gαq.
Activation of the ERK pathway is a common requirement for IL-10 expression by T cells, macrophages, and myeloid dendritic cells [32]. Abrogation of either ERK or p38 activation after TLR stimulation leads to a reduced IL-10 expression, which suggests that these two pathways might cooperate in TLR-induced IL-10 production [32]. Consistently, inhibition of PI3K, Erk1/2, or p38 MAPK significantly ablates the Breg differentiation in our study here. As expected, we found that the basal levels of phospho-PI3K, phospho-Erk1/2, and phospho-p38 MAPK in response to LPS were lower in Gnaq−/− B cells than in WT B cells. These data suggest that Gαq was involved in the differentiation of Bregs partly through regulation of PI3K, Erk1/2, or p38 MAPK signaling. That IL-10 can be induced by LPS in many cells has been demonstrated. However, we here observed no marked differences of TLR4 and MyD88 expression between B cells from WT and Gnaq−/− mice, which further confirms the regulation of Gαq in the PI3K, Erk1/2, and p38 MAPK signaling pathways of Breg function.
In a previous study we demonstrated that Gnaq−/− chimeras could spontaneously develop manifestations of systemic autoimmune disease with high titer antinuclear antibody and inflammatory arthritis, and B cells from Gnaq−/− mice have an intrinsic survival advantage over normal B cells, suggesting that Gαq is critically important for maintaining control of peripheral B-cell tolerance induction and repressing autoimmunity [24]. However, the role of Gαq in Breg regulation remains unknown. Actually, the percentage of Bregs was significantly lower in the spleen of Gnaq−/− mice. Consistent with the animal experiments, our data here showed a significant positive correlation between the frequency of CD19+CD24hiCD38hi Bregs and the expression of Gαq mRNA in PBMCs from patients with RA and HC. Our current findings showed that Gαq deficiency limited the differentiation of Bregs. Several studies demonstrated that Bregs were important for the generation and maintenance of Tregs [4]. Bregs could induce the differentiation of type 1 regulatory T (Tr1) cells [38, 39]. Moreover, Bregs might promote the differentiation of other type of regulatory T-cell subsets [40]. Consistent with prior studies, purified WT Bregs could convert CD4+CD25− T cells into Tregs, but this function of Gnaq−/− Bregs was impaired. Indeed, we also observed an impaired inhibition of T-cell expansion in Gnaq−/− Bregs. This might be the reason for impaired suppressive function of Gnaq−/− Bregs on T-cell proliferation. Some studies suggested that CD40 mAb-stimulated CD1dhiCD5+ B cells could not regulate T-cell proliferation in vitro [41]. TLRs and CD40 activation are well-characterized signals in Breg differentiation [4, 9]. However, LPS but not CD40 activator can induce IL-10 secretion [36], which might be the reason for no effect on T-cell proliferation inhibition being observed.
Although we do not yet know whether Gαq deficiency in Bregs alone is sufficient to induce autoimmune disease, our work showed a critical intrinsic role for Gαq in the maintenance of Breg differentiation and function. Furthermore, our data suggested that the regulation of Gαq on Breg differentiation might occur partly via the PI3K, Erk1/2, and p38 MAPK signaling pathways. Our study here provides new insights into the mechanisms of Breg immune tolerance.
The datasets used and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
YH, XY, LD, and GS conceived and designed this study, were responsible for integrity of the work, interpretation of data, and drafting the manuscript, and gave final approval to the version of the paper to be published. YLi, CZ, and HQ participated in clinical material collection, cell culture, and ELISA test. YH and LD performed flow cytometric experiments and analysis. XY and YLiu performed qPCR and western blot analysis. JX helped with statistical analysis of the data. All authors reviewed and approved the submission.
Animal studies were approved by the institutional animal care committee of Xiamen University (Xiamen, Fujian, China). Patient consent was obtained. This study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University in accordance with the World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki.
Additional file 1: Figure S1. Gαq deficiency promoted B cells to secrete inflammatory cytokines. (A–D) Splenic cells isolated from Gnaq−/− mice and WT littermates and subjected to flow cytometry analysis after PMA, ionomycin, and BFA stimulation. Splenic cells stained with anti-mouse CD19, followed by intracellular staining with IFN-γ and IL-17a. Representative images and statistical analysis of CD19+IFN-γ+ and CD19+IL-17a shown in (A, C) and (B, D) respectively. (E) Splenic B cells purified from WT and Gnaq−/− mice and stimulated with LPS for 0–10 min. Protein from cell lysates exacted and analyzed using western blot analysis. Phospho-STAT1 and STAT1 probed using specific antibodies individually. β-Tubulin used as control protein. (F) B cells isolated from the spleens of WT and Gnaq−/− mice and stimulated with LPS for 48 h, and then PMA, ionomycin, and BFA added for last 5 h. After culture, cells stained with anti-mouse CD19, followed by intracellular staining with IL-17a. Results represent mean ± SD per group (n = 6–8 mice/group). Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. Data representative of three independent experiments. *p < 0.05, **p < 0.01 (DOCX 1303 kb)
Additional file 2: Figure S2. Gαq deficiency impaired anti-inflammatory cytokines in Bregs. B cells isolated from spleen of WT and Gnaq−/− mice and stimulated with LPS for 48 h, and then culture supernatant was harvested and subjected to analyze levels of IL-35 (A) and TGF-β (B) by ELISA. Results represent mean ± SD per group (n = 6–8 mice/group). Student’s t test analyzed statistical difference. Data representative of three independent experiments. **p < 0.01 (DOCX 1000 kb)
Department of Rheumatology and Clinical Immunology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University, Xiamen, China

Web.com published a job opening on LinkedIn to fill the role of Director of Business Development at SnapNames. I would assume someone in a bizdev role at the company might need to have extensive domain industry connections, so perhaps this job opening would be of interest to some readers.
The Director, Business Development SnapNames will develop and manage strategic partnerships and alliances, implement partnerships and applications within the SnapNames Group.
In addition to business-related qualifications, the job listing says that domain industry experience would be helpful. “Excellent understanding of the domain industry with experience preferred.”
I presume the location of the job will be in Web.com’s Jacksonville, Florida office. Salary information was not shared on the listing page, so you’ll have to inquire directly to find out that information. The listing was published on LinkedIn about a week ago.

The staff were very helpful and the accommodation was very nice. It was directly next to… 9. feb. 2017

And sometimes we would like to use these session variables in the Handlebars template. This could be done by registering a helper in Handlebars.
Then in your Handlebars template, you could get use the {{variable_x}} to recall the value stored in the session.

A Tibetan monk reportedly died after self-immolating on February 29 in Kardze Tibetan Autonomous Region, Sichuan province. This is the 144th case of protest by self-immolation against Chinese policies in Tibetan regions since 2009, and the first such protest of 2016. Radio Free Asia’s Yangdon Demo reports:
Kalsang Wangdu, a monk of the Retsokha Aryaling monastery, self-immolated at around 4:00 p.m. on Feb. 29 near his monastery in the Kardze (in Chinese, Ganzi) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture’s Nyagrong (Xinlong) county, RFA’s source said, contacting RFA on social media and speaking on condition of anonymity.
“[While he burned], he called out for Tibet’s complete independence,” the source said, adding that witnesses to Wangdu’s protest “intervened,” intending to take him to Sichuan’s provincial capital for treatment.
“However, he died on the way before reaching Chengdu,” he said, adding, “His father’s name is Sotra, and his mother’s name is Urgyen Dolma.”
[…] Tibetans living in Kardze prefecture are known for their strong sense of Tibetan national identity and frequently stage protests alone or in groups opposing rule by Beijing. [Source]
The same day, a 16-year-old Tibetan named Dorje Tsering survived after self-immolating in Dehradun, India, becoming the eighth Tibetan to self-immolate outside of China. The AFP reports:
“I have had a strong determination to do something for Tibet since my childhood,” a video showed him saying in his hospital bed, according to a translation by Free Tibet.
“I thought that there was nothing else I could do other than self-immolation, because if there is self-immolation, people get shocked, thinking that he set himself on fire for his country,” he went on, speaking through an oxygen mask and with his face swollen.
Free Tibet cited his father as saying that it was a heart-breaking incident but he was proud of his son. [Source]
[Updated at 10:40 PST on March 4, 2016: The New York Times’ Nida Najar reports that Dorje Tsering died from his injuries three days after his self-immolation.]
According to a Facebook post from Tibetan activist Jigme Ugden, the teenager’s self-immolation was brought to the attention of Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton.
At The Indian Express, Abhishek Angad reports on attempts by Dorje Tsering’s 59-year-old mother to dissuade him from taking such drastic measures to make a statement:
Dorjee Tsering, a 16-year-old resident of Manali, allegedly set himself on fire Monday, minutes after telling his mother that he wanted to “do something for his country”, Tibet.
[…] Yangzom said that since August last year, her son had repeatedly talked about “doing something” for their homeland.
“Once, he called me from his hostel and said he would set himself on fire. I rebuked him and said if he wanted to do something for his country, he should do so through his studies. I warned him that if he tried to do anything stupid, even I would set myself on fire,” she said.
A few days ago, her son told her that he would “disappear after February”, said Yangzom. “I had no idea he would do something like this,” she said.
[…] At Safdarjung Hospital, Tsering reportedly told one of his family members, “I wanted to do something for my country and I figured that I can’t do much through studies”. [Source]
Last month, it was reported that an exhibit in Dhaka, Bangladesh featuring the writing of five Tibetans who had self-immolated was covered at the request of the Chinese ambassador.
The Dalai Lama, who Beijing accuses of inciting Tibetan protest by self-immolation, has remained largely silent on the issue, saying he has no other choice. “This is very, very sensitive political issue. Whatever I say the Chinese hardliners always manipulate,” he said in a 2014 interview with TIME. A recent investigative report from Reuters presents evidence that the Chinese government has been supporting anti-Dalai Lama protests abroad in effort to damage the spiritual leader’s largely favorable international reputation.
For more on Tibetan self-immolations, see prior coverage from CDT, an explanation of the factors driving self-immolation from Woeser (excerpted from her new book on the topic), or a data analysis from the Tibet Data GutHub page.
"The Shortbow is light, fast and lethal. The Shortbow doesn’t shoot very far or deal all that much damage, but it allows the wielder to stay agile and fire off many shots quickly.[1]"
Due to the low damage of the shortbow, you are unable to kill anyone in one hit with it, regardless of where you hit them. However, the weapon's fast firerate was designed to offset this.
Like all bows, the further the arrow is drawn back, the higher the damage output will be. However, the shortbow was not designed for this per-se, so it's only partially recommended.
It's generally recommended to aim for your enemies' upper core as you're reliant for heart-shots and headshots for kills to compensate for weapon's low damage. That being said, it's easier to land both types of shots with this bow thanks to the higher fire rate.
Arguably, this is the most user-friendly bow since the high rate of fire gives the most opportunities to feel out the arrow's arch.
You can use the Right Mouse Button to zoom in on your crosshair once your arrow is readied, and press the Scroll Wheel to activate ArrowCam once your arrow is fired.
For those of whom play Chivalry through Steam, there is a Steam achievement tied exclusively to the Short Bow called "Let it Rain". It requires you to shoot 10,000 arrows with the Short Bow.
Our nervous system is the most protected system in the body, more than the heart, more than the lungs, and even more than the liver. These organs are mostly protected by the rib cage but the nervous system is protected not only by the rib cage but also by the skull and spinal column. It is almost fully encased by bone! Without the nervous system our body ceases to function so to say it is very important would still be an understatement.
This is where chiropractic care comes in. Subluxations are misalignments in our spine that put abnormal pressure on our spinal nerves (nervous system) as well as other structures such as muscles, ligaments, and tendons. This can cause our body to function less than optimally.
Some common symptoms we can experience due to subluxations are pain, numbness, muscle weakness, dizziness, and stiffness just to name a few.
Chiropractors perform an adjustment to remove subluxations and realign your spine if the symptoms you are experiencing are due to subluxations. This will allow your nervous system to function more optimally, heal itself (which only our body can do), and hopefully relieve/remove your symptoms. Keep in mind that the sooner subluxations are treated, the better chance for a faster and full recovery in most cases.
If you are experiencing pain or any other symptoms take the time to have your spine evaluated for subluxations. On second thought have your spine evaluated even if you do not have pain. We have our teeth checked by a dentist to treat asymptomatic issues as well as to hopefully prevent issues in the future, why not do the same for our spine?
It was taken by F. Blyth and appeared in A Short History of Chorlton-cum-Hardy written by J. D. Blyth in 1933.
Now at present I don’t know whether J.D. Blyth was the father or brother of the photographer, and both remain shadowy figures.
The text is drawn from the work of the late 19th century historian Thomas Ellwood and pretty much repeats the earlier work word by word.
Mr Ellwood’s work had been published as a series of newspaper articles between 1885 and 86 and while some of them reappeared in church magazines during the early 20th century I rather think that that by 1933 they were less well known.
That said it is the three photographs that draw you into the short history, and this is partly because we do not have many floating around from the 1930s.
This one of the church was taken from the south and it shows off some of the detail which is often missing from other pictures. The side aisles were added in 1837 around the time that two Arnot stoves were installed for heating and the flue and chimney of one of them is just visible behind the spire.
The church had just another seven years of working life because it was closed in 1940 and demolished in 1949.
The grave stones remained in place until the area was landscaped in the early 1980s and many of the headstones taken away.
Picture; the parish church from the south, 1933, by F. Blyth, from A Short history of Chorlton-cum-Hardy by J.D. Blyth, 1933

A Letter to Our Membership | me/CU - Municipal Employees Credit Union A Letter to Our Membership – me/CU – Municipal Employees Credit Union
The recent tragic events that unfolded in Dallas and Baton Rouge have shocked and saddened us all. As our country works to heal, I want to remind you of Me/CU’s dedication to our law enforcement officers.
Municipal Employees Credit Union was founded in 1934 to serve the financial needs of Oklahoma City’s police, fire and city employees. Even though our membership has expanded, our commitment to our members has not wavered. During these difficult times, we stand strong with our law enforcement officers as they risk their lives every day to protect our citizens. We thank them for all that they do, and we are proud to serve them!

I just wanted to know if anyone is interested in testing a patched NEC 2.18 firmware including bitsetting support for single layer DVD+R and DVD+RW?
I used the bitsetting code from MadDog 2.fa and integrated it into the 2.18 firmware. The firmware is completely untested and may give unpredictable results, but I hope it works as expected.
Riplock is removed, RPC1 included and the firmware can be downloaded here. If you don’t have Binflash or any other flasher, you can use this version with integrated flasher.
PS : Can I ask (for Christmas ?) a NEC 2xx0 firmware with new NEC 3500 2.18 DL 2.4x strategies inside ? Or are you aware of something coming from NEC for “old” 8X burners (less than six months is old now …).
I can say that the flash was OK and I can change between DVD+R and DVD-ROM on DVD+R, DVD+R9 and DVD+RW.
I have flashed my NEC-3500AG with the official 2.18 firmware, now I want to test the new Liggy firmware (based upon 2.18); could somebody tell me how to proceed?
Download the “218btrpc1.rar” file (link in the first post of this thread) and unpack it to a folder of your choice. Download Liggy’s excellent flashing tool Binflash (Win32 GUI version), unpack it to a folder of your choice and start the “NECWinFlash.exe”. Now, click on the “Flash” button, and choose the firmware you unpacked in the first step (“218btrpc1.bin”). Confirm the next window popping up (warning message), and the flashing process will start. Wait for the whole process to finish, and reboot afterwards. You are done.
Liggy, is your NEC flasher compatible with the buggy NVIDIA IDE drivers? I have tested that the official NEC flashers work without a problem. Does this mean that these unofficial utilities will also not have a problem, or should I remove the NV IDE before trying them?

Clinging firmly tight-fisted grip on meager things valueless things won’t let go Missing out on the costly blessings God would bestow Do you not realize you are empty of needful treasures of love and grace because you cherish nothing that … Continue reading →
It’s been three weeks since I went to the Faith & Culture Writers Conference in Portland, Oregon. I’ve been meaning to write this post ever since, but with the NaPoWriMo challenge and other responsibilities I just didn’t have time. But … Continue reading →
When your basket is empty and the harvest is far away despair is all your heart recalls and you can’t bear another day call on the Lord of the harvest He will hear you when you pray In times of … Continue reading →
Posted in Poetry	| Tagged Bible, Blessings, Christ, Christian, Christianity, Faith, God, Harvest, Hope, Jesus, Life, Naomi, Poem, Poems, Poetry, Prayer, Ruth, Trials	| 10 Comments
We must persevere trials in this world finding within each one great blessings for the day We must endure losses in this world recalling for each one the blessing of knowing that which was lost We must persist never give … Continue reading →
Posted in Poetry	| Tagged Blessings, Christ, Christian, Christianity, Faith, God, Gratitude, Jesus, Love, Perseverance, Persevere, Poem, Poems, Poetry, Trials	| 4 Comments
Okay, I just couldn’t leave yesterday as my only post about the Third Day concert I went to on Saturday. It was so much fun and I had an awesome time, and so I decided for My Tuesday Three to … Continue reading →
My son is one of the greatest blessings I have ever known. I often hear parents complain about how terrible their teenagers are, but I really can’t relate because my son is the most generous, kind, and loving person I … Continue reading →

I only seem to find time to read during the summer when I’m sitting by the pool or the ocean. So far I’ve finished an interesting biography of Jackie O; read the latest memoir from one of my faves- Jen Lancaster; and now I’m working on an interesting book about hosting meetings and events. The Art of Gathering goes through the various steps of planning a get together and preaches grounding every decision (invite list, venue, activities, etc.) to align with the true purpose of the gathering. So often we rely on convenience, defer to precedent, or focus on logistics when planning meetings and events when it should be about encouraging interaction and human connection to get the intended result. My favorite part so far is “don’t be a chill host.”
TV has been pretty good this summer. My TV life is basically Bravo, plus a couple other shows. I just finished the latest season of Younger. I enjoyed the latest season of Southern Charm a lot, and now I’m all in on Southern Charm Savannah. I’m keeping up with the some Housewives. The only Bravo show that didn’t do it for me this summer was Below Deck Med. I didn’t really like the cast at all. And I wasn’t going to watch it, but I just got sucked into Very Cavallari. I only really watch stupid TV. Sue me.
I’m wearing anything that keeps me cool in this heat and humidity. At work that means lightweight, washable dresses. At the gym it’s breezy Adidas tanks, and on the trail, it’s my latest running sneaks. On the weekend, I’m loving the last couple things I’ve gotten from Lou & Grey. The fabric is like butta. I’ve totally lost interest in all the huge sales going on right now. I’m waiting for the new fall stuff!

A certain Chinese noblewoman—potentially Lady Xia, grandmother to the first emperor of China—had a menagerie buried with her in her tomb: a leopard, a crane, an asiatic black bear, a lynx, and, most notably, a gibbon. That gibbon was part of newly identified, now-extinct genus and species, researchers reported Thursday. The existence of a previously unknown gibbon that lived just 2,200 years ago suggests that throughout history, humans may have caused even more ape extinctions than we thought.
“We assumed all of the [gibbon] species alive today were the ones alive in the past,” said James Hansford, a zoologist at the Zoological Society of London who studied the gibbon skeleton. “But the fact that we’ve discovered this new genus indicates there was at least one or maybe more gibbons that we had no idea existed. They’re far more vulnerable to human impact than we thought before.”
The tomb is located in what is today the Shaanxi province of China. At the time, gibbons were highly regarded by the Chinese, and it wasn’t uncommon to bury noble people with important items and treasures, Helen Chatterjee told Gizmodo in an email. Chatterjee is another of the study’s authors and a primatologist at University College London. “We know that gibbons commanded high cultural value due to the considerable amounts of chi (energy) that they channeled—hence why we see gibbons appearing in poems, stories, and artworks throughout many Chinese historical periods.”
Chatterjee, Hansford, and their colleagues determined that the ape belonged to a different genus than today’s gibbons by studying its facial structures and the shapes and sizes of its teeth. Those features were significantly different enough to place it in a new category, as described in their study published today in Science. Hansford told Gizmodo that it was very lucky to find such a well-preserved gibbon skull.
“You just don’t see preserved gibbons like this,” he said. “They’re too fragile and break down too easily, especially with scavenging from rats and such.”
They named the gibbon Junzi imperialis—using the Chinese word Junzi, which means “scholarly gentleman” or “man of virtue or noble character.”
Though a “natural” extinction not related to humans might have been the case for Junzi, Hansford and his co-authors argue that it’s extremely likely the species died out at the hands of people.
“It can’t be ruled out this is a natural, climate-driven extinction, but the Holocene has been the most stable period of climate the world has seen,” Hansford said. And at the rate ancient people in China expanded cities and agriculture, it’s very probable gibbon habitats were destroyed and even that the animals were hunted.
Today, gibbons occupy southwestern China, Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand. They are apes, not monkeys, and share a common ancestor with the great apes (gorillas, bonobos, chimpanzees, and orangutans) between 16 million and 20 million years ago. Like other apes, gibbons are highly threatened by humans.
“There are four species of gibbons in China today, and if you add up all four species, it comes to about 1,500 individuals,” said Paul Garber, a primatologist at the University of Illinois who wasn’t involved in the new study. Gibbons today are most often in danger from habitat loss from human farming and urban expansion, Garber told Gizmodo.
One gibbon species, the Hainan gibbon, occupies an island in southern China and has fewer than 30 individuals left. Another, the Skywalker hoolock gibbon, numbers fewer than 200. “If China can’t protect them, they’re gone,” said Garber.
“It helps us get a better understanding of the evolutionary history of the apes, our closest living relatives, but also helps determine the vulnerability of ape species to human pressures and their conservation requirements,” Alejandra Ortiz, one of the study’s author and evolutionary anthropologist at Arizona State University, told Gizmodo in an email. “Ultimately, all of this is important to raise public awareness of the rapid extinction of species we are now facing and that we, as humans, are most likely culprits of their extinction.”
There are more than 2,250 satellites orbiting the Earth right now. But that abstract number didn’t prepare me for the shock of watching a Soviet-era rocket body whipping over my house in real-time.
Then I watched an elderly Russian intelligence satellite glide over Seattle. A NOAA weather satellite slid by Newfoundland and the ISS passed over Sumatra, while China’s Tiangong manned station moved over the Mississippi River Delta. I was using Line of Sight, an extraordinary map created by Patricio Gonzalez, an artist and engineer at the open-source mapping startup Mapzen.
Satellites in orbit are moving at roughly 17,000 miles per hour, meaning they pass over your city in a matter of minutes, but that’s still enough time to spot them, if you know where to look—which has always been a challenge... until now. Using metadata about the thousands of orbiting satellites is available through sources like SatNOGS, Gonzalez’s map monitors satellites as they criss-cross the globe, allowing you to track specific spacecraft or learn when and where you should look to see those passing over your house.
When I first opened up the map, I navigated to Lake Michigan, and watched as a satellite passed over Chicago, where I live.
A quick search of the name revealed the SL-16 is actually a rocket body built by the Soviet space program in the 1980s—essentially, space junk. There are actually 17 of them in orbit. It was part of a failed plan “to take over manned spaceship launches from Soyuz, but these plans were abandoned after the fall of the Soviet Union.”
If it had been nighttime, I would have known where to look for the rocket body, which is about as bright as stars in the big dipper, according to Space Weather.
The data Gonzalez used to create this map is readily available, and it’s not as though satellite-watching is a new idea. But for beginners, Line of Sight is a magical and visceral illustration of the spacecraft that make the modern world possible–turning them from an abstract idea into a blinking light, passing above your backyard. Go check it out here.

Emeritus Faculty » Department of Clinical and Health Psychology » College of Public Health and Health Professions » University of Florida
Last May (2012), I wrote an entire series on salt, including the history of salt in the human diet, the dangers of salt restriction, and my recommendations for a healthy salt intake. There’s no evidence that adding salt to taste to a whole foods, Paleo diet is unhealthy, and salt restriction to the level recommended by the American Heart Association (AHA) is not only completely unnecessary, it’s potentially harmful. There are far more effective ways to reduce blood pressure and the risk for heart disease and stroke than salt restriction, such as increasing dietary intake of potassium, magnesium, and calcium.
Now, a New York Times article explains how a new expert committee, commissioned by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) at the request of the CDC, confirmed that there’s no rationale restricting sodium intake to 2,300 milligrams a day—let alone the AHA target of 1,500 mg per day. The IOM committee also agrees that a sodium intake this low could increase rates of heart attacks and the risk of death in certain populations. It’s incredible to me that this is still considered a controversial topic and that there is so much disagreement between various health organizations on how much salt is “too much” for the general population. It’s perfectly reasonable for most people to consume between 3-4 grams per day, which is right around the world average for salt intake (3,400 mg/day or ~1.5 tsp salt).
Hopefully this (non) issue will be settled soon, and we can focus our attention on the dietary components that really do make a difference in the general population’s health.
Research finds that sunlight prolongs lifespan by lowering blood pressure, demonstrating how the benefits of sun exposure outweigh the risks.
A new study suggests lowest risk of death occurs at vitamin D levels between 20-36 ng/mL. (Note that 20-30 ng/mL is deficiency according to current standards. I will discuss this on my next podcast.)
A hospital survey found that kids living in the U.S. who were born elsewhere are 59 percent less likely to have allergic diseases, but their risk increases with time spent in the country.
SexyBack Summit: Sean Croxton hosts another great summit, this time focused on all aspects of sexual health.
So according to that Vit D study, Chris..does this mean that we are knocking ourselves out to achieve levels of D from 50-70 and this could be dangerous?
This could be quite the blow for the guys on the Vit D Council, Joe Mercola and many of the experts out there.
Considering that our kidneys reabsorb sodium to maintain a 0.9% sodium (isotonic) concentration in our blood, there is no benefit to reducing sodium below 0.9 g for every liter of water we consume.
Forgive me – I should have said there is no benefit to reducing sodium chloride below 9 g for every liter of water consumed, i.e. the isotonic concentration.
First if all thanks for all the information on your site and podcast. I am confused about what you are recommending for salt intake. A previous article on your site says 1.5 to 3 tsp per day. If tsp = 5g that’s 7.5g to 15g per day which sounds like a lot more than you are saying here. Clarification would be appreciated!
I was just thinking about upping my potassium intake. Any suggestions on the best way to do this? Should I just focus on more potatoes, tomatoes, and bananas? Maybe avocados? Is homemade bone broth a decent source? I’d like to make sure I’m above the 4700mg mark.
For all you Fixer Upper fans out there, some of the same questions come up often regarding Chip and Joanna Gaines...like what nationality if Joanna Gaines? or How did Chip and Joanna meet? This video answers a number...	
As the events of the last few years in the real estate industry show, people forget about the tremendous financial responsibility of purchasing a home at their peril. Here are a few tips for dealing with the dollar...	
"Christa is a pleasure to know. She has a wonderful way with people and a very endearing and professional business style. I have...
Christa was an amazing help to us in purchasing our home. I could not recommend anyone more well suited for the job of helping...
Spire is our Church Magazine that comes out 10 times a year with news, features, humour and articles to keep you up to date with what is happening in our Church and Commiunity. It travels to many countries around the workd to keep Aytonians in touch with home. If you would like to subscribe and receive your copy of Spire each month, please enter your details below. You can unsubcribe at any time and your details will only be used to send your eagerly anticipated copy of Spire.
John Cassian was only a teenager when he, with his friend Germanus, left his home in Scythia Minor (present-day Romania) and joined a monastic community in Bethlehem. One day, an Egyptian monk named Pinufius sought lodging in their monastery. Pinufius filled the young men’s imaginations with stories of the asceticism of the Egyptian desert, making their Bethlehem community seem tepid in comparison.
Soon Pinufius was discovered by a posse of Egyptian monks who had been hot on his trail. He was their abbot, they said, and they wanted him back. It turned out that Pinufius had a tendency to run away from home in search of anonymity, hoping to preserve his humility.
John Cassian and Germanus were dazzled by such spiritual discipline. “After our first infancy in the faith, we had begun to long for some greater grace of perfection,” wrote Cassian in hisConferences, “and we were determined to go to Egypt.”
Cassian and Germanus settled in the famous center of Scetis and spent the next dozen or so years in monastic paradise. What Cassian experienced there provided the template for his later monastic teachings.
At the very end of the fourth century, Cassian, Germanus, and many famous Egyptian monks were driven from the region because of the Origenist controversy (see “Ascetic Agitators"). Cassian went first to Constantinople and worked closely for a few years with John Chrysostom, the famous bishop and theologian, until Chrysostom’s fall from imperial favor in 404.
After several years, Cassian found his way to Marseilles, then as now, a busy port. His monastic experiences in Palestine, Egypt, and Asia Minor (and perhaps other places) soon made him a recognized authority in the region. He put down his insights in his Institutes, and later his Conferences, which laid out a comprehensive program for the monks of Gaul (today’s France), as well as the bishops eager to support and guide them. Cassian professed to give his readers “a perfect recollection” of Egyptian monastic wisdom; in fact, he brilliantly synthesized and adapted traditional monastic teaching. For example, though he praised the solitary Egyptian hermits, he shaped their insights for the community-dwelling monks of Gaul.
In the Institutes, Cassian spoke of “eight principal faults” he had learned in Egypt from his teacher Evagrius (354–399). This menu was the basis for the later western list of seven deadly sins. In the Conferences, he described a method of unceasing prayer based on a one-verse formula taken from the Psalms. By praying in that simple, scriptural way, Cassian taught, “whatever we breathe, whatever we know, whatever we speak, is God.”
While many details of his life remain obscure (the monastic call of humility kept him from sharing much autobiographical information), his teachings have been preserved and are still used by monks East and West.
"Think of our brother Naucratius," she continued. "One day he went out to fish, and that afternoon was brought home dead. Death took him without warning, like a bolt of lightning. Basil, consider and act!"
Macrina had already given some consideration to how she was going to shape her life-and the lives of others. She was drawn to monasticism, but in contrast to the prominent patterns of her day (the solitary life of a hermit or the circle of followers gathered around a spiritual athlete), Macrina envisioned something more stable and serene: a community of women living in mutual submission, dedicated to prayer, and supporting themselves by the work of their hands. She founded the first such community at her grandmother’s estate in Annesi, a town on the Iris River in Cappadocia (part of present-day Turkey).
Macrina is a standout, even in a family bursting with saints. Not only her grandmother and namesake, Macrina the Elder, but both her parents and three of her brothers earned the title of saint (some lists include as well a fourth brother, Naucratius).
Macrina, the eldest, was a natural leader who showed her fortitude in early youth. She was betrothed to a young man who died before their wedding, and she determined never to take another husband. Her betrothed was not dead, she said, but alive in Christ and waiting for her, and she would likewise wait to join him. “It is a sin and a shame if the spouse does not keep faith when the partner goes to distant climes,” she said.
Her brother, Gregory of Nyssa, described how she cared for the family when their mother was widowed soon after the birth of her tenth child. Macrina became to the infant Peter “father, teacher, guide, mother, giver of good advice,” and to her mother she ministered as a servant, preparing her bread with her own hands.
Her brother Basil did not immediately enter the monastic life but instead embarked on something of a fact-finding tour. Down he went through Egypt, Palestine, Syria, and Mesopotamia, visiting hermits and secluded communities of prayer. “I was amazed by their persistence in prayer and their capacity to triumph over sleep,” he wrote. “They showed how a man can sojourn for a while in this life, while having his true citizenship and home in heaven.”
Returning home, Basil immediately appealed to the close friend of his college years, Gregory of Nazianzus, to join him in monastic life. (These two men, with Basil’s brother Gregory of Nyssa, comprise the “Cappadocian Fathers.”) Basil sang the praises of a patch of land across the river from his sister’s monastery: a high mountain watered by cool streams, thick with trees, thronged with singing birds, “more beautiful than the island of Calypso.”
Gregory was not so charmed by the place; he found the mountain shrouded in heavy shadow, crossed with steep and treacherous paths, and cut by fierce wind. Yet Basil’s forceful personality overruled, and the two began a monastery there that was to become the most organized yet seen.
Basil, a firm believer in the necessity of community, was skeptical about the benefits of a hermit’s life. To those who wished to retire to the desert alone, he recalled Jesus’ washing of his disciples’ feet. “Whom, therefore, will you wash? To whom will you minister? In comparison with whom will you be lowest, if you live alone?”
In his pursuit of an orderly communal life, Basil composed nearly 200 pages of instructions and advice, regulating monks’ behavior down to the number of covers each could have on his bed. His “Broad Rule” discusses 55 topics in depth, and his “Brief Rule” another 313 more concisely. Both rules are written in question-and-answer format, heavily referenced to Scripture:
Q. “When a man has abandoned all more expensive clothing, does he sin, and, if so, how, if he wishes his cheap upper garment or shoes to be becoming to him?”
A. “If he so wishes in order to gratify men, he is obviously guilty of the sin of man—pleasing. He is alienated from God and is guilty of vain glory even in these cheap belongings.”
"There is only one way out,” Basil wrote, “complete renunciation of the world!” And yet Basil’s monastic life lasted but five years, after which he was compelled to return to Caesarea and serve the bishop as a priest. Basil found himself in the front lines of the battle against the Arian heresy, preaching twice daily to congregations so large he described them as a sea.
The rest of his day he spent wearing an apron, doling out soup to victims of famine. The poor remained his particular concern, and he thundered at the rich who waved away beggars with a hand studded with rings. He accomplished an astonishing civil works project: a self-contained village occupied by the poor and ill, who were offered food and medical care and assisted in finding appropriate work. A remarkable success, this “Basiliad” was famous long after the founder’s death.
Once called to public service, Basil never returned to the monastery. He nevertheless kept himself to a strict ascetic life, which was compounded with a painful chronic illness to bring him to early death at the age of 49. At his death, the streets of Caesarea were crowded with noisy mourners, and even Jews, pagans, and strangers joined in grieving the bishop called Basil the Great.
Macrina, for her part, never left the monastery. Nine months after Basil’s death, their brother Gregory of Nyssa visited to find her lying on two boards, at the edge of death, radiant and peaceful. As the evening lamps were lit, Macrina prayed, “You, O Lord, give rest to our bodies in the sleep of death for a little time. . . . Forgive me, and grant that, when my soul is parted from my body, it may be presented before you stainless and without sin, and that it may be as incense before you.” She made the sign of the cross, then surrendered her last breath.
Her brother looked about for a cloth to cover her body, but no such superfluities as extra linen were part of monastic life. The only shroud he could find was the length of coarse peasant fabric that had been her veil.
One day Pachomius and his brother John were throwing reeds in the water when suddenly a crocodile rose up right beside them. John ran off to a safe distance, but Pachomius filled his hand with water and hurled it in the crocodile’s face saying, “May the Lord condemn you never again to come back here.” With that, the crocodile submerged.
John, overwhelmed at this display of holiness, decided that, even though he was the elder of two, he would call Pachomius “father.” In time, many more monks came to call him “father” as well, for Pachomius had a vision from God that changed the face of monastic life forever.
Pachomius was born of pagan parents in Seneset, Egypt (now Kasr—es—Sayad). At age 20, he was drafted into the army of the Egyptian emperor, Maximinus Daia. On the way to the front, Pachomius and his fellow conscripts had to stop in Thebes, where they were housed in a prison. Here Pachomius was greatly impressed by Christians who brought food to the conscripts. He decided that if God delivered him from prison, he too would give himself to Christ and serve humankind. The war ended soon after, and the conscripts were discharged. Pachomius immediately went home to be baptized.
He spent the next three years serving the communities surrounding his home by growing food, distributing firewood, and encouraging his neighbors. He began feeling “much inconvenienced” by being surrounded by many people, and he found himself yearning for the more solitary life of monasticism. He spent the next seven years learning the monastic disciplines under the guidance of Abba Palamon, a monk who lived alone outside Seneset.
Four years into his training with Palamon, Pachomius experienced a vision: “He saw the dew of heaven descend on his head, then condense in his right hand and turn into a honeycomb.” The honeycomb “dropped onto the earth and spread out over the face of all the earth.” Pachomius didn’t understand his vision until one day God led him out about ten miles upstream from Seneset to a deserted village on the banks of the Nile called Tabennesi. Here, as Pachomius prayed, he heard the voice of God speaking to him, “Build a monastery; for many will come to you to become monks with you.”
Palamon, just before he died, helped his disciple build a cell at Tabennesi around A.D. 320. Pachomius’s first follower was his brother John, then three more men came. Before long the community had grown to 100. The men shared everything in common, worked together, prayed together, and followed the rules and ascetic practices that Pachomius instituted.
This doesn’t seem extraordinary until we remember that up to this time, monasticism (from the Greek, monachos, meaning, “alone") had been a solitary affair; at best, hermits gathered weekly for fellowship and prayer. Pachomius had succeeded in establishing the first “communal monastery” (and maybe the first oxymoron) in Christian History.
Frederica Mathewes—Green, author of At the Corner of East and Now: A Modern Life in Ancient Christian Orthodoxy (Tarcher/Putnam, 1999); Marci Rae Johnson, a freelance writer, earned her master’s degree in theological studies from Wheaton College (Illinois); Columba Stewart, associate professor of theology at St. John’s University, Collegeville, Minnesota, and author of Cassian the Monk (Oxford, 1998).
In the early 1950s, the Chinese Catholic Church and the new Chinese government were on a collision course. The government regarded the Catholic Church as a form of Western interference in China. Catholics regarded the Communists as ideological archenemies out to destroy the church. This tension was tragically apparent in the fate of the Chinese Jesuit priest Bede Cheung. Fr. Cheung organized the Catholic Youth Movement and became the leading Catholic figure to resist the government’s attempt to create a "patriotic" (pro-Communist) Catholic organization. He was arrested in 1951 and died in jail three months later. When his family came to retrieve his body for burial, eyewitnesses reported that his body was broken almost beyond recognition and showed signs of torture. His death became an icon of loyalty to the Catholic faith and gave many others the courage to confront the government—courage that was much needed in the violent decades that followed.
The government’s suspicion of the Chinese Catholic Church as serving "Western" interests was not ungrounded. Catholicism had come to China in the 1300s and been revived by missionaries like Matteo Ricci in the late 1500s. In the early 1920s, the Chinese Catholic Church had more than a million believers and thousands of clergy. But in 1922, even though 40% of clergy were Chinese, all 41 bishops in China were foreigners. Pope Pius XI finally appointed two Chinese bishops and issued an encyclical affirming that church leadership should be transferred from missionaries to local leaders as soon as possible. In 1949, however, Chinese bishops were still in the minority. The tension between the new Communist regime and the Chinese Catholic Church was heightened by Pope Pius XII, who ordered Catholics all over the world to resist Communism even to the point of death.
After all foreign missionaries were expelled from China, many Chinese dioceses were left vacant. Any new Chinese bishop had to be approved by Rome and was required to take an anti-government position —which meant that these bishops were soon arrested. Meanwhile, the government rallied some Chinese Catholics to establish a "patriotic" Catholic movement in order to lead Catholics towards a more pro-government position.
Chinese Catholics were squeezed between the authority of the papacy and the authority of the Chinese government. If they remained loyal to the pope, they would be seen as traitors by the government and almost certainly face incarceration. If they were loyal to their country, they faced rejection and even excommunication by the church. Throughout the 1950s, neither Rome nor Beijing would back down.
In 1957, Chinese clergy held a national conference hoping to find a way to ensure the survival of the Catholic Church in China. Even those loyal to Rome lamented its paternalistic and highhanded attitude towards the Chinese church. As one senior member said, "Those old folks do not know the situation here. The best thing for them to do would be not to give orders imprudently. We are no children; we know what is right and wrong."
Those responsible believed it was the only option if the Catholic Church was to continue to function in Communist China; Pope Pius XII believed it was a challenge to his authority and excommunicated the disobedient clergy. Soon afterwards, the government formed the Catholic Patriotic Association, commonly called the Patriotic Church (similar to the TSPM for Protestants).
Those who refused to join the Patriotic Church continued their religious activities in secret and often ended up in jail. One such dissenter was Bishop Dominic Deng Yiming, later the archbishop of Guangzhou (Canton), who spent 22 years in jail—17 of those years in solitary confinement.
During the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976, all Catholics, regardless of whether they were pro-government or pro-Rome, experienced a catastrophic suppression. Public Catholic activity disappeared. Many priests and nuns were forced to marry. Chinese Catholics felt abandoned by the rest of Christendom.
When China reopened churches in the late 1970s, the division between Catholics reared its head again. The Patriotic Church re-emerged, began consecrating new bishops, and rapidly grew. At the same time, the pope issued a secret order allowing Chinese clergy in the Underground Church to appoint their own successors in a more flexible manner than in the past. The two groups fought over their legitimacy. Each side developed its own leadership, parishes, and seminaries. The schism intensified when the pope prohibited the pro-Rome faction from having any contact with the pro-government faction—despite their common suffering during the Cultural Revolution, common witness to the gospel in Chinese society, and common task of caring for the increasing Catholic population in China.
Catholics in China must deal with deep emotional wounds as they come to terms with decades of bitterness and mistrust on both sides. Underground Catholics still face arrest. They believe they have paid a high cost in blood to preserve the true faith. If the Chinese Catholic Church becomes unified again and these Underground Catholics find themselves sitting side-by-side with Patriotic Catholics, they will feel betrayed by Rome—their suffering would have been in vain.
But the patriotic faction feels that they, too, have suffered in their constant struggle to make a space for the public witness of the Catholic Church under a totalitarian regime. They have felt misunderstood by other Catholics as well as rejected, abandoned, and wrongly punished by Rome, which perhaps did not fully appreciate the difficult situation in which they were living.
One fine bishop is so respected by both factions that an underground prelate wrote personally to Rome pleading for him to be approved. As the bishop was consecrated, without papal ratification, he told this author that he was fully aware that he would be bearing a heavy cross. But this is the cross of the Catholic Church in China—the cross of discrimination, misunderstanding, judgmental accusation, historical wounds, and the experience of being forsaken.
Still, there are some signs of rapprochement. In 2007, Pope Benedict XVI wrote a letter to Chinese Catholics urging the very thing the two sides most need: forgiveness.
Through a century of political turmoil and disillusionment, waves of Chinese intellectuals have come to Christ
Missionaries in China were hampered by pressures from home, mistakes in leadership, and identification with the West, but they planted the seeds that would someday yield an astonishing harvest.
If your intentions for NaNoWriMo are to try it out and not worry about word count, then this post might not apply to you. Otherwise, if you want to reach the end with +50K, here’s the best (blunt) advice I have, and it has little to do with writing.
Plan or pants or do something in-between for your novel, but when it comes to your life in November—PLAN. This will be my fifth NaNo, and while I acknowledge the unexpected arises, being caught by what you could have averted or allowed for isn’t a viable excuse.
*I’ve actually heard this: I was doing really good and would have made it, but then we took a family vacation for a week and I couldn’t catch up. You mean that vacation you planned months ago? Sorry, no. Don’t put it on the family. You should have bumped your average up to 2174/day starting on Day1 to compensate or accepted you wouldn’t be able to reach 50K. I hate math, but this is easy stuff.
Believe me, I’ve heard countless reasons for quitting, and usually they begin surfacing during Week 2. Short of major illnesses, deaths in the family, tornados, hurricanes, flooding, or major earthquakes, you need to plan and make lifestyle changes.
So, take stock of your life in November. If you’re taking a vacation to DisneyWorld for a week and hosting US Thanksgiving dinner for 50 and half of them are staying at your house, and the kids are all in plays and you have to make costumes and, and, and … you might want to rethink your NaNo expectations.
Just losing all or part of Thanksgiving Day (or any other holiday around the globe) forces you to write an extra 57 words every day.
If you lose other days that number grows, and grows fast if the day(s) lost come late in the month because there’s little time to compensate for the lost writing.
Remember, NaNo is about learning to buckle down, make writing a daily habit, and finish a project. That means planning.
Will you be putting in extra hours at work that month? At school? Do you have to travel? To you have children? An aging parent? A new puppy/kitten? Do you have a host of doctor’s visits for yourself or a loved one? Are you expecting guests for any reason? Are you expected to attend dinners, parties, or school functions?
All of this, and more, eats up your time and if you don’t look hard at a calendar you’re going to get caught.
Is there someone else who can take over making meals for the month? Can the entire family chip in? If you’re alone, can you make meals in October and freeze them to lighten the load during the month?
Put off what you can in November. Plan your entire month’s worth of meals. Clean your house late in October so you can coast as much as possible in November.
NaNo is about not having the time to stop and edit along the way, which means taking the time to bake five pies is going to put you behind.
Yeah, I’m trying to scare you a little bit, but this is all real. If you can look ahead and see hurdles and pitfalls through the month then compensate where you can and average more than the normal 1,667 words/day, or do that to allow for the unexpected.
The bottom line is, plan your novel in October, but also plan your life. That’s the no-excuses way to succeed at NaNo.
REMEMBER! NaNoWriMo is less about writing a great novel (that happens in edits), and everything about managing your life so you can establish a regular writing routine and finish a project. At 50K that’s the skeleton of a novel, but it’s an accomplishment to build on.
*Note: I’m suspending Saturday posts through November to provide me additional NaNo time and may continue to do so for the same reason.
This entry was posted in Main Blog and tagged #amwriting, #amwritingfantasy, #writerproblems, alternate world, Christina Anne Hawthorne, creative writing, creativity, fantasy, fiction, learning, life, literature, NaNoWriMo, novel, Ontyre Passages, writers, writing by Christina Hawthorne. Bookmark the permalink.	
That’s very good advise. i managed to get some free days in november, some at the beginning, some near the end, so hopefully i can catch up should i fall behind.

Craig Boyce (why am I writing about myself in the third person?) is a guy who has worked in News Publishing, the Computer Industry and in Advertising. He’s currently working at BBDO in New York while managing a startup still in stealth mode. Craig considers himself lucky to have assembled a great team and is excited about the next few months.
As discussed in the recent Climate Column post on no-till farming, practicing alternatives to tilling can increase the amount of organic matter in the soil, allowing for water retention even during dry periods. Another tilling alternative that has the many of the same soil benefits is strip-till.
Strip-till is a conservation tillage practice that is being adopted by more farmers each year to improve soil health and lessen the chance of erosion. The method works, as the name implies, by tilling strips rather than plowing the whole field. By doing this, some residue is left on the surface while still allowing a cleared space for the seedbed.
The USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service states some benefits to the soil from strip-till operations include “increasing organic matter, improving soil tilth, and increasing productivity as the constant supply of organic material left of the soil surface is decomposed by a healthy population of earthworms and other organisms.”
In 2015, the University of Illinois concluded a five-year study about the effects of this practice and found that strip-till sets the stage for an optimal seedbed that results in quicker as well as a more even emergence of corn and soybeans.
Are you a farmer that practices strip-till? How has this practice impacted your farming operation? Let us know your thoughts and experiences with this practice in the comments section!
Like what you’ve read? Check out our Climate Leaders home page, join the conversation in the NFU Climate Leaders Facebook Group, and keep up-to-date with NFU climate action by signing up for the mailing list.
We been doing No-till and Strip-till for many years and have significantly grown the A Horizon in our soils. We use Strip-till as our method of dry fertilizer precision placement pulling a variable air-cart behind our stripper. We only want to pop the soil enough to blow the fertilizer 6-8 inches below the center of the row with the seed then planted in twin-rows 4 inches on either side. The primary benefit we are getting from this system is keeping all residue from both the cash crops and cover crops in a aerobic decomposition environment. We teach this as Regenerative Management . and have presented this before thousands of people. In 2015 we were the #4 classroom presenter.
The most reliable genealogy for Nantucket’s families of the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centuries, the Barney Record contains vital information on more than 40,000 Nantucketers.
In the nineteenth century, Eliza Starbuck Barney (1802-1889) created a genealogical record that contained the births, deaths, and marriages of more than 40,000 Nantucketers over two and a half centuries. The original genealogical record comprises 1,702 ledger pages in six volumes. Her record was based on data compiled by Benjamin Franklin Folger, who passed his records on to her at his death, as well as information gleaned from newspapers, public records, and family and friends.
The Eliza S. Barney Genealogical Record generally contains data on white individuals who were born on Nantucket and some information on those who married Nantucketers. Reflecting prevailing prejudices of Barney’s day, it omits virtually all islanders of color, despite Barney and her husband being well-known anti-slavery activists. Information on families that left Nantucket is scanty, as Barney was not able to track those who emigrated from the island. Death dates for individuals still living when Barney herself died in 1889 is also generally missing, understandably, except for people added by Barney’s granddaughter, who continued the record into the 1910s.
This nineteenth-century manuscript has been entered into a searchable database in a project led by Betsy Tyler, and with data entry by Tanya Bresinsky, Patti Hanley, and Joan Elrick Clarke. The work was funded by several generous grants from the Tupancy-Harris Foundation and a small grant from the Massachusetts Society of the Cincinnati for the purchase of a printer for the database and the creation of a user’s guide. The database is now presented online.
All data facts, including abbreviations, are copied verbatim from Eliza Starbuck Barney’s record. The goal was to reproduce the information exactly as she presented it in her record.
Barney used dates DD/MM/YYYY, MM/YYYY, year only or no dates given. She never left any information on Quaker date usage. In 1753, Quakers began using the Julian calendar; however, Barney leaves no information on how she treats dates (Quaker and Julian) prior to 1753.
The mission of the Nantucket Historical Association is to tell the inspiring stories of Nantucket through its collections, programs, and properties.

If you are really searching for the electrician who can fix and solve your electrical and solar system requirements, then here is the best place you searched for the electrician in South Morang.
We have the team of skilled electricians who can handle the situation and also provide the repair and redesign of electrical frameworks. We have the expertise and professionalism in work space so you can enjoy service without worrying.
Avaibility 24*7: As it is the part of our work that our team is available 24 hour *7 a week which has fast response and customer satisfaction guaranteed.
Money Saving: We have the clear pricing list with upgraded offers and promotions which will give customer satisfaction.
All rounder electricians: We have the team of skilled and expertise electricians who can do upgrades, new installations, redesign, lighting and generators fitting.
Satisfaction guaranteed service: We have the team who has friendly nature with customer and enjoy the working anywhere.
Professional electricians: We have qualified experts, with license and insured that their work is safe.
As told by Rakan Alsankari, Northgate resident Many seniors do not know what they want to do after high school, or what they want to do with their lives. But for me, the situation is different. Since I was in elementary school in Jordan (a sovereign Arab state in Western Asia), I had an idea of what I want to be, and this idea has become clearer and more focused over time. Because of my life experience, my career goal … Read More
As told by Christie Anderson, Chalmers Courts resident My name is Christie Anderson, and I am studying to become a licensed nurse practitioner. I am currently working toward earning my Associate Degree of Nursing (ADN) through Austin Community College’s (ACC) Registered Nursing Program. Once I earn my ADN, I plan to take advantage of ACC’s ADN to Bachelor of Science Nursing Program. ACC’s nursing program is preparing me to take the National Council Licensure Examination, a nationwide examination for the … Read More
As told by Sayuri Byrd, HCV participant My name is Sayuri Byrd, and I am 35 years old. I am the mother of two boys, ages 18 and 7. I recently learned I am expecting my third bundle of joy! I am looking forward to raising my new daughter, and I intend to make wise decisions, and to make every effort to live my dreams – doing what makes my family and I happy. One of my greatest accomplishments this … Read More
As told by Kirida McDaniels, HCV Participant I’m Kirida McDaniels, and I am proud to be a two-time awardee of the Austin Pathways HACA Scholarship. This scholarship is helping me continue my education and is bringing me closer to becoming the first person in my entire family to earn a college degree. I faced a lot of challenging personal experiences throughout primary and secondary school. From an early age, I was a victim of bullying. I was bullied for so … Read More
As told by Dorothy Howard, Rosewood Courts Resident I want to thank Austin Pathways and HACA for all the support you have given me these last two years through the Austin Pathways HACA Scholarship. Continuing to work on earning a bachelor’s degree in psychology in Huston-Tillotson University’s Adult Degree Program has been an awesome experience. In September, I will have enough credits to receive my associate’s degree in liberal arts. Once I receive my bachelor’s degree, I will only have eight … Read More
As told by Layla Mohsin, HCV Participant Ever since I was a kid, I have always wanted to do something important. I wanted to be the childhood figures I’d seen in cartoons – like Pocahantas. I wanted to be as caring and understanding as Snow White. I wanted to change lives like Mulan. When you’re a kid, everything seems easy, the world is at your feet, and you have this mindset that when you get older, you can do anything. … Read More
9999 Fine BU In Cap. 5 x 3.11 grams = 15.55 grams. 5 x 1/10 troy oz = 1/2 troy oz. Bullion Exchanges is delighted to offer you this outstanding Lot of 5 - 2018 1/10 oz Australian Gold Kangaroo Perth Mint Coin. This exceptional coin is made from.
Bearing the stunning Kangaroo design, this fantastic coin is a treasured addition to any portfolio and a wonderful gift. Lot includes five coins, each made from. 9999 fine gold with a weight of 1/10 oz. Struck by the Perth Mint. Limited mintage - 200,000 coins.	
Individual coins come in a mint-issued acrylic capsule. Obverse: Displays a profile portrait of Queen Elizabeth II by Ian Rank-Broadley. Inscriptions: "15 Dollars, " "Elizabeth II, " Australia.
Reverse: Features two kangaroos bounding across a stylised rural landscape. Bullion Exchanges offers you a great selection of exclusive items from renowned international refineries. Add this splendid Lot of 5 - 2018 1/10 oz Australian Gold Kangaroo Perth Mint Coin to your collection today, and it will be carefully wrapped, packaged, and delivered to your address. By purchasing from Bullion Exchanges, you are agreeing to all of our Terms and Policies. Bullion Exchanges reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order reviewed by our Compliance Team, which are deemed questionable or have increasing potential risk for being fraudulent.
We will only be liable to cover packages that are lost in transit or damaged. There are no exceptions to this policy. Once an order is placed, it cannot be modified or cancelled. Using high definition digital video, we record the packing of our products to affirm accuracy. Bullion Exchanges reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order reviewed by our Compliance Team, which are deemed questionable or have potential risk for being fraudulent.
The submission of an order and subsequent receipt of a confirmation locks in your order and affects our metal hedging requirements and thus we are unable to make any price adjustments. Our in-house numismatist staff assign conditions to all products. The condition assigned to the products is derived from industry-wide standards. Please keep in mind that most images are stock images, and therefore you should not expect to receive the pictured products. Silver products, and some gold as well, may exhibit milk spots, and/or toning, which are normal and do not change the condition described in the listing, nor the value of the product. Coins that are holdered by one of the major grading companies are graded based on the condition they were in at the time of grading. However, at times, coins do tend to develop spotting or toning which are a normal happenstance in coins. Please keep in mind, the appearance of the toning and/or milk spots does not mean that the coin is not the grade specified on the actual slab. In instances where there is a discrepancy where the customer believes to be unjust, please refer to the grading companys guarantee policy. Both NGC and PCGS have a program where they will compensate the owner of the current coin if they believe the coin deserves a lower grade than it had originally received. Please note, bullion coins, bars and rounds are mass-produced and are not struck to the same quality standards as collector coins. These bullion products are not certified and therefore will not always be 100% perfect. All sales are final and therefore in cases when a product is offered on a Deal Price, previously locked-in orders for that product will not be subject to price reductions or cancellations. Bullion Exchanges reserves the right to cancel sales that may or may not have typography issues within the listings, pricing inaccuracies, systematic faults by our system, and/or errors caused by eBays system, without further notice. Purchasing bullion and/or coins involves price risk, and the purchaser assumes all such risk. We do not offer or make price adjustments based on the market fluctuations of precious metals, or for any other reason. We will never ask the customer to pay more for a product if the price significantly increased, so please refrain from requesting price adjustments after market prices decrease.	
The item "Lot of 5 2018 1/10 oz Australian Gold Kangaroo Perth Mint Coin. 9999 Fine BU" is in sale since Friday, November 10, 2017. This item is in the category "Coins & Paper Money\Bullion\Gold\Coins".

The Museum Shop offers a lineup of unique original items including catalogs and merchandise incorporating motifs from the exhibitions.
Note: The products shown below are examples of some items on sale. Some products may be discontinued or sold out when you visit the museum.
Dali and Picasso: Two Spanish Masters (special exhibition commemorating the museum’s 10th anniversary)


The Reef Octopus Classic 110SSS is constructed of high-quality acrylic that can be completely disassembled for cleaning. Equipped with the new Aquatrance pinwheel pump, it produces an ideal mix of water and air for optimum waste removal. A simple vented wedge valve output provides precision control and allows cleaned water to exit the skimmer below water for quiet operation. Also available in the larger Classic 150SSS model.
Internal model designed for in-sump use only. No feed pump required, skimmer draws water directly from sump.
Reef Octopus can not be responsible for consequential damages arising from installation or use of this product. Reef Octopus warrants the pump to be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and conditions for the warranty period from the date of purchase.
CoralVue liability under this warranty shall be limited to repairing or replacing at CoralVue’s discretion, without charge. CoralVue will not be liable for any cost of removal, installation, transportation, or any other charges which may arise in a warranty claim.
NOTE: This warranty is void if the product is damaged through abnormal operating conditions, accident, abuse, misuse, unauthorized alteration or repair. This warranty is valid only in North America and is non-transferable. Consumable spare parts are not applicable to the warranty.

Today, we celebrated three years and…Star Wars. In true geekdom, we celebrated in matching Star Wars. I’m thankful for the chance the celebrate and for the many more chances.
Erebus is a four story haunted attraction in Pontiac, Michigan. Being the biggest haunted house in America, it attracts tens of thousands of thrill-seeking patrons a year. The terror-filled tower has been open for over a decade and employs hundreds of actors. Owner Ed Terebus keeps a full-time staff to plan and work on the attraction, despite being open for only 30 days a year. If you dare, take a trip down to Erebus, where first class effects will leave you shivering forever.
Located downtown, Erebus is a destination that is easy to find. The 45 minute drive from Fenton is well worth it for anyone who is looking for a Halloween scare. The tickets are available online and at the door, which are easy to access and purchase. When you first arrive, a professional scare photo is taken at the beginning and end of your journey and a copy will be available when you finish the trip. It is a cool way to compare yourself before and after the dreadful haunt.
The scare theme changes every year, the one chosen this year is time travel. The story is as follows: a scientist’s funding was cut so he disguised his time travel machine to look like a haunted house. He is on the march to find as many test subjects as he can to finish conducting his experiment. You are his potential test subjects, where you go through each section of the attraction that has a different theme; jungle, circus, lab, city, and more. The objective is to get out before he gets you.
One of the worst parts of haunted houses is the build up before. Although it is said things cannot touch you, be prepared to have the monsters bite you, grab you, and throw you in a dark room. It is recommended that no one under the age of 13 goes inside, but may at their own risk. The easiest way to get through this nightmare is bringing a friend, parent, or date. It will be much easier to curb your jitters if you have someone’s hand to hold. To date at Erebus, 7,086 victims have tried and failed, will you be next?

I would love nothing more than to rant endlessly about an advertising practice I’ve described before as no better than “autoplay video, Spotify ads and downloading spyware onto your browser” or, horror of horrors, downloading a U2 album into your iTunes.
But… as you will have noticed from time to time, we run sponsored articles on SEW and I would come across as somewhat hypocritical. Just like how I accused pop-up ads of being “contemptible” yesterday and yet you were probably presented with one on your first visit here.
The balancing of user-friendliness, our own editorial judgement and the need to make some actual money is a difficult thing to get right. I’ll save the pop-up conversation for another time though, let’s get back to native advertising…
Despite any personal feelings, they are part of our business model for the time being, and they help this site continue to exist.
There’s no doubt that we’ve gone on far too long expecting everything on the internet to be free, advertising needs to exist in order to support the existence of the sites you love visiting so much. The sooner we retrain people’s expectations, the better.
But, display ads don’t really work anymore; overlays, push-downs and full-screen pop-outs just piss people off. Is there an argument to say that sponsored content is a better alternative? Surely an article among the rest of your content, that carries some advertorial leaning is better than endless interruptions from display ads?
Sponsored content NEEDS to be clearly labelled as such, carry the same editorial tone as the rest of the site and be just as informative, useful or entertaining as the non-sponsored posts on the site.
Or am I completely wrong? Maybe people don’t give nearly as much of a damn as I presume? Let’s take a look at as many different stats as I can possibly find to see whether native advertising really works or not.
Over at Inc. there’s an infographic by MDG (ps… there’s a great big ol’ pop-up when you click that link) with loads of juicy stats.
52% of people who click on native ads have a higher purchase intent then those clicking banner ads (34%)
What does this tell us so far? People prefer native ads to banners mainly, and that they can work as a brand awareness tool as well as generating revenue.
I reported last week that fewer native ads are due to run in 2016. 45% of marketers say they’re going to use native ads in 2016, a dip of 5% from 2015, but I’m not sure this really reveals much about their worth to visitors.
But hey, while we’re poking around for stats, why don’t we reveal some data from under our own hood.
With 3,695 unique pageviews accrued between publication date and 13 January, this is only 1,000 unique pageviews less than our top performing post that same week, but between 1,500 – 2,000 above other guest posts.
So in terms of traffic, it did very well. As for the content itself.. well, you can judge for yourself, but personally I think that although it does contain some insight, it falls too heavily on the ‘advertorial’ side of native advertising.
Are you likely to trust a review where the subject is the sponsor? Then again, this is no different to any brand’s marketing copy trying to show off the benefits of the product, if you’re in the market for this type of thing, then great! But then again, are you coming to Search Engine Watch to buy a rank-checking tool, or to get independent, objective advice on which is the best one to buy?
It’s here that I return to my earlier thoughts, surely this sponsored article is still better than a display ad though? It’s less irritating or invasive. One thing’s definitely for sure however, the article should have been clearly labelled as ‘sponsored’ at the top, as this information isn’t revealed until you scroll to the bottom. This is where native advertising becomes as irritating as pop-ups, people want complete transparency about the motive behind they’re reading.
People don’t necessarily mind seeing adverts, in fact some people will go out of there way to see them, so I don’t believe there’s any need to ‘cloak them’ as anything else.
So I’ve not really drawn much of a conclusion other than native ads probably aren’t going away anytime soon, people don’t really seem to mind them, they can be as successful as non-sponsored content and with a little bit more adhesion to guidelines (transparency, quality content) they don’t have to put people off coming back to your site.
Unlike content and links, RankBrain is influenced by behavior metrics that indicate that users actually find a site to be useful -- i.e. user experience (UX). Without UX, you won’t be able to maximize the SEO performance of your website.
New research, The Era of Ecommerce, released today in partnership with Catalyst, finds disconnect between consumer behavior and advertiser spend online.

photo above, just click save to put these images onto your Laptop. Follow us on google improvement or keep this blog address, we try to present regular updates to the latest gallery.
Today many are looking for house design ideas, patio design, room design and house furniture. Hopefully the image gallery we gift to be the best insinuation for you who are or are planning to build a house like a pretty and advocate concept.

Wow, where did the time go??? As I type this I am revising the plant listing and ordering information. Please read the info on the HOW TO ORDER tab. I am now invoicing through Square which will allow you more security in your card sales. Along with this, if you are comfortable with my shipping we can dramatically reduce the number of emails back and forth. I will also be doing videos again very soon. My camera was misplaced and... well... it's an embarrassing story. :) The shows are over so I will be able to devote time to doing mail order. My apologies for being so late with the plant listing but it is impossible to have a listing with the way my inventory fluctuates during shows. My next speaking engagement is May 10th at the North Jersey Orchid Society (thanks to Bill Stender!) on The Culture And Care Of Bulbophyllums. I will be accepting orders to bring to the meeting as well as bringing lots of things to tempt you.
It is December 20th with nightly temperatures dipping into the 20s and teens and Christmas 5 days away. I would like to take the time to thank all of you who have joined me in this journey. I feel truly blessed in finding so many incredible people in the orchid world. Everywhere I turn I find friendship and kindness that transcends the stress and problems we have in our lives. All of you are a part of it and responsible for it. Thank you all for the incredible joy and satisfaction that I find every day in my life. I hope that I have been able to return some of it to you.
It's August and time to finish repotting your plants. It seems impossible but by the end of the month many of our plants will stop root growth and gather any additional nutrients for cooler conditions. It's also time for Wade's Orchids Open House. I have so many new plants to celebrate this and I'm really excited. Because I'm only one person it will be difficult to impossible to fill a pile of orders while the open house is in progress so these plants will be offered online the day after the open house - August 21st. I guarantee that you won't want to miss them! As always, I am here to help with your problems and celebrate your accomplishments. Please contact me with any problems you have. Also, I LOVE to see photos of the plants you are blooming!
The new Spring 2017 listing is out!!! I'd like to thank all of your for your patience and kindness. I have had a very busy time lately and apologise for being a bit late in getting this to your hands.
​It's been a long winter and it seems I only remember the cold days! But spring is here and a new listing is forthcoming. It's March 29th and I promise I will have a current listing available in the coming week. It will not have the number of new plants that I had hoped for but I'll change that in the coming weeks. One cultural note: Anyone who has Catasetinae remember not to start watering until the roots are 3" - 5" long. This is the time to repot them if you can do so without disturbing the roots. They can break very easily when they are young.
I'd like to thank all of you who attended the Susquehanna Orchid Society show at Hershey Conservatory. It was a fantastic show and reports are that we had a total of over 2000 in attendance! The next event is a speaking engagement at Central Jersey Orchid Society. The topic is Warmth Tolerant Masdevallias. Early February finds us locked in winter but the sun is becoming stronger and the lengthening days foretell the upcoming warming of spring. Look for your orchids to begin new growth. If you are growing Catasetums remember not to begin any water until the roots are a few inches long. Remember that if you pay attention to your plants there will be no secrets. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions and I'll help to the best of my ability. COME ON SPRING!!!
Here is a link to the upcoming Susquehanna Orchid Society Show. I am very excited to be a vendor here. The conservatory has just been completed. https://www.facebook.com/events/340616062946855/
December is upon us and many orchids enter a dormant period - especially members of the Catasetinae and certain sections of Dendrobiums, Even if not dormant, I cut back on water for all the plants because in my area I get very little sun in December and January. Also, the night temperatures in the greenhouse are in the mid 50s so there is very little growth. If you would like to offer gifts to your orchid growing friends we have gift certificates available in any domination that you would like ($10.00 and up). I will be visiting the North Jersey Orchid Society show in Rutgers on January 15th. If you're there and see me please say "Hi". Finally, I would like to thank all of you for your friendship and kindness. Have a wonderful holiday season and Merry Christmas.
It is November 17th and I've made the decision to stop shipping until spring (probably the beginning of April). This is always difficult to do because I really hate to disappoint people who want plants but it has to be done. I would sincerely like to thank all of you who have ordered plants from me and I hope to offer a good selection of species and hybrids to help your collection to grow and diversify. So many of you are more friends than customers and I feel honored to be able to say that. I wish you all holidays filled with those who love you and many blooms to brighten the dreary days of winter. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart.
November has arrived and we know it will leave us much colder than when it arrived. The last day of shipping will be Nov. 23rd but that is weather permitting. For those of us in the north windows and vents are shut and our plants just will not dry like they used to. Be aware of fungal and bacterial issues which plague all of us at one time or another. Fungal spores remain in the growing area longer because there is precious little air exchange and can proliferate. Snow mold is a topic that comes up very often. Although hydrogen peroxide is touted as a cure it doesn't seem to be strong enough to really defeat many of the fungus problems. I use two tools. The first is Physan 20. This is a powerful chemical but if used properly it is safe. I have never seen any problems with the plants that it has been used on. The big thing is to keep your plants and pets safe from one another. The other tool is more air movement. Add another fan. Even if you think you have good air movement add another. Here's hoping you and your orchids have great holidays.
As October approaches many of us who have orchids outside need to bring them in for the winter. Even though they may not be visible, it's necessary to treat the plants to rid them of any pests that may have made your tasty orchids their home. While the plants are still outside it's good to spray them with a comprehensive insecticide. A thorough dunking (about 10 minutes) in a solution of water, insecticide, and a bit of dish detergent just before moving them in and they will be ready for the winter inside. If you are like me, your collection is always growing and adding another level (or two) of lights may be necessary. I will be having one more update of my listing and another special in the beginning of October. Shipping will continue into November with the final date depending on the weather.
The September listing is out. Please note that there are many additions to both the plants and the the photo section. There are now photos of many of the plants that are for sale.
I want everyone to know that I'm working on posting the updates and special for August. Because this is a one person operation, there are sometimes more things to do than hours to do them. If I don't get the update done tonight it will be out tomorrow by mid morning. Thanks all!
July!!! Half of the year has gone but let's celebrate what we have. Almost everything should be growing now and though the flush of spring blooms have passed there are plenty of wonderful orchids that are just starting to show off. This month's special is a celebration of Cattleyas - mostly miniatures to compact growers. Exceptional parentage should make these plants the future stars of many collections and will garner many awards!
It's June 3rd and the sale is back on and extended until June 30th. There has been a lot of work done in the greenhouse. Something that I have to do is to repot and establish all the plants that I bring in for sale. One of my goals when deciding to sell plants was to try to have all my plants in good quality media and established so that you get the plants in the best possible condition. This past month I potted up around 200 plants .
I'd like to take a moment to thank all of you who have purchased the Paphs that were on sale. They are now sold out. I am trying to get more but it's not real promising.
The first special is officially over! Thanks to all of you who ordered and were patient with me while I was overwhelmed with orders! Now for the good news... I have another special that will be starting May 13th (yes, Friday the 13th) and running until Friday, June 10th. Also, a new feature is if you go to "CONTACT" you will see that there is a form (scroll down) to send me an email or request to be put on the email listing. There is so much that I am working on to make life easier for all of us. All it takes is time and money.
April!!!! The new list is up - FINALLY! I am glad that I waited until now for beginning shipments. Last week we had more than one night in the 20s or lower thanks to a cold front that brought the jet stream along with temperatures plummeting. Now it's 70s and clear sailing.. er, shipping. :)
​As I write this there is snow on the ground but today is March 4th and it will be only a bit over a month until shipping resumes. A new listing will be out by April 16th with shipping starting Monday, April 18th (weather permitting). If you do not currently receive my email listings please drop me an email at wadeh1954@gmail.com and I will add you to the list. I promise that the upcoming list will have plenty of new additions to entice you! I'd like to give a shout out to my friend, Christopher Bevins, and the Central Jersey Orchid Society. I delivered a project plant to 20 of their growers at their meeting and visited David and Joan Rosenfield who is the CJOS president and also an award winning grower of Dendrochilums as well as many other orchid genera. David is also the author of many articles that have appeared in Orchids Magazine (the publication of the American Orchid Society. Thank you Chris, David, and all the members of the CJOS for a wonderful and memorable trip!
January 2016 Happy New Year to all! I know that Christmas eve I had visions of orchids dancing in my head. But it's a new year and my thoughts as well as some of yours are turning to purchases of orchids to dance in their collections! I can assure you that there will be many surprises in store when the Pennsylvania winter is over and shipping becomes possible again. At this point I am looking at the end of April for this. Speaking of winter, it seems that almost all of us are being hit by a fungal rot hitting a plant or two in our collections. This is known as black rot and is caust by Pythium ultimum and Phytophthora cactorum. This is something that is easily identifiable. Large black or dark brown spots or blotches appear on a leaf and quickly spread. Sometimes it can be brought under control by cutting the leaf off at least 1/2" below the affected area using a sterilized instrument. A fungicide is also a good idea, maybe not to cure what has happened but to prevent the rot from showing up on other leaves of the plant. Isolating the plant is also advisable to prevent the spread to other plants in the collection. Sometimes the bacteria has progressed so far that the entire leaf falls off in a few days. This problem is not usually fatal unless the rot progresses into the psuedobulbs or reaches the growing point of the plant. The best cure for this problem is prevention. First, make sure your leaves are dry by evening. This fungus is all around us but needs a cool, moist place to really start multiplying and enter the plant. Also, increased air movement helps plants dry more quickly after watering.
December!!! What a wonderful year it's been! The greenhouse has been operating over a year and performing admirably! A year ago I had no intention of selling plants - at least not this soon. But some of you who saw my seedlings requested a list of things I might want to sell and my retirement income was not prepared for the amount of propane required to heat the greenhouse so here we are. :) There has been an outbreak of snow mold in many collections. This seems to be difficult to control by using hydrogen peroxide. I suggest if you have this problem to go to your garden store and get a fungicide. Specticide makes an Immunox fungicide that should work well but there are other brands also. If at all possible apply this outside and then bring the plant back in. Also, make sure that some of the fungicide goes into the potting media. If this is a severe case you may need to repot the plant. While treating for fungus, keep the plant on the dry side and try to increase air flow.
It's November and shipping has stopped until spring. I'd like to thank everyone who has made this possible. It has been a wonderful first year and I am already gearing up for spring. I will have a brand new selection of 2" seedlings that will be joining what I have. I also will be offering more blooming size plants and will be expanding into new genera. If you can, get in touch and stop in. New friends and old are always welcome! Also don't forget to check out my YouTube and Facebook sites!
I received an email that I felt deserved to have the answer shared. The person said that they had purchased an orchid and wondered if it should be repotted. Here is my answer:
What to do with any new orchid can be puzzling. After seeing too many that I waited on start to decline I've come to a personal conclusion that if you are not sure of the condition of the root system and if the plant is actively growing it is a good idea to at least take it out of the pot and look at the roots. Waiting until signs appear on the plant can cause a severe setback and sometimes a loss of the plant.
This is always a difficult decision. I think that the important thing to consider is the part about the plant being in active growth. The consideration is because most species and some hybrids have a very defined growing season and unless the plant is in active growth (meaning green root tips and/or new growths forming) any roots that are damaged will not be replaced. Monopodial orchids (ones that grow from a rhizome and then put out a new growth) like Cattleyas only form new roots from the base of active growths. Therefore, no active growth means no new roots to replace those that are injured. If you have doubts about the plant in question though, you have no choice. This is why I always send my plants in good potting media and do everything possible to assure that there are plenty of good, active roots.
Tips for July: July is here and the weather is heating up. As the temperature climbs plants can become very stressed. Leaves can burn and plant transpiration is at its max. Here are a few tips to help you help your orchids through the summer months. Provide increased shade as necessary. This is the most direct way to combat the sun's heat. Whether it's shade cloth in the greenhouse, a sheer curtain in the house, or moving an outdoor plant into a more densely shaded area. Another method is to increase air movement. The longer you know me, the more you will hear me proclaim the advantages of air movement. In addition to keeping plant tissue cooler it also keeps it dry which prevents bacterial and fungal growth. The drying process dramatically cools the plant's leaves which brings up the next tool in our arsonal. Provide misting for your plants. This should not be construed as watering and the water should evaporate in 15 minutes or less which brings up a downside to misting. It needs to be repeated on a regular basis as its effects only last a short period of time. Another thing to be aware of is to make certain that the water does evaporate. Otherwise bacteria and/or fungus can become a problem very quickly.
I hope these thoughts have helped you provide the environment your orchids need to thrive. Remember that paying attention to your plants can make the difference between healthy plants and those destined for the compost pile.
Tips for June: Everything is growing as much as it can this month. We see especially new growth on the Cattleya species beginning now. Most things can be repotted now without any problems or setbacks. Try to invest in good quality bark. It lasts longer and many times good bark promotes good bacteria in the mix. This month is also a good one for pests and other problems. Fungus can sometimes develop in pots and will lead to the mix breaking down very quickly.
Also mealy bugs, scales, and other insects can seem to pop up out of nowhere. Alcohol is good for mild spot treatment but real infestations may need the proper insecticides. If you are in the home make up a small batch and take any plants to be sprayed outside in the shade for a few days or place them in a bag after spraying so the odor does not permeate the house. If you use a bag make sure the plant has dried before placing inside. Remember to spray under the leaves.
Slugs and snails often reside where they cannot be seen but their damage is very noticeable. I had a flower spike completely chewed through one night. Some people use a saucer of beer to lure them in and drown them. I am not saying that it doesn't work but I don't waste good beer! :) There are products on the market that are very effective. Just be sure that you stay away from products with methaldehyde if pets are nearby.

Hello, and welcome back to another addition of Ultra Budget Brews, the column that builds entire EDH decks that contain no card costing more than $1. As someone who writes about EDH, you would assume that I probably play more EDH than any other kind of Magic. You’d be correct in assuming that. If given a choice of formats, typically I’d prefer to sit down with some buddies and jam games of EDH (Limited is up there too, but goodness the cost adds up quick.) It’s fun, relaxing, and as competitive as you and your playgroup decide to make it.
This is not to say that I don’t play, and enjoy, other formats. As hinted at above, I play a bit of Limited here and there and play a non-zero amount of Modern as my friends really enjoy the format, are skilled at it, and sometimes need a whipping boy to test against. When playing Modern, I typically play Mardu Burn. It allows me to scratch that competitive itch that I sometimes get and the rounds are, win or lose, very short.
I enjoy Modern as a format because it reminds me a bit of EDH in one respect: you can show up with close to anything and steal a few games. Sure, you may spend an inordinate amount of time having your hand torn to shreds by Thoughtseize, getting every threat exiled by Path to Exile, or being blown out by sideboard cards, but you can still show up with the goal of killing someone with an Ebony Owl Netsuke or Helix Pinnacle and probably make it work some (perhaps small) percentage of the time. Today’s deck draws inspiration from one of these sorts of decks.
I expected Sasaya to get a bit more love than it did as I’ve only ever seen one Sasaya deck in the wild (it was mine), but I am nothing if not a man of the people. So, Daxos it is!
The most obvious route to go with Daxos is Voltron. White and Blue give you access to some great auras and tutors that interact well with equipment. Unfortunately, most of the best equipment, tutors, and auras are pretty far outside our budget. We could have gone straight aura Voltron and just skipped all of the equipment, most of the tutors, and played a bunch of budget-y auras. Unfortunately, a lot of the auras that really make this work are outside our price range. Also, it would basically play like a bad version of a Bruna, Light of Alabaster deck. I’ve built that deck and the only time it ever gets pulled out is when there is someone who wants to try EDH and is still a bit new to magic. It can be powerful, but suffers from the unforgivable sin of being boring after shuffling it up more than a handful of times. So the question becomes, how do we build a deck that will be interesting to play, utilizes the commander, and still be able to win games? Let’s take a look.
Some of these cards probably look…strange. We have a few cards like Fireshrieker and Battle Mastery that are generically good in any Daxos deck, but Codex Shredder? Ghoulcaller’s Bell? Pyxis of Pandemonium? These likely stick out like a sore thumb. This deck is loosely based on the Modern deck ‘Lantern Control’. The goal of the deck is to control what is on top of the opponent’s library and eventually mill them out. The deck is a highly competitive prison deck and can be truly disheartening to play against.
If you read the above list closely, you’ll also notice that this isn’t a prison deck. While I have no qualms playing a prison deck in a competitive format like Modern, I would be unlikely to sit down at a random EDH pod with a bunch of strangers and bust out a tuned prison deck, unless I had the goal of making them never want to play Magic with me again.
The other, more practical reason, we aren’t playing a prison deck is that they get real expensive. Cards like Ensnaring Bridge, Wasteland, and Blood Moon add up quick, so a good prison deck is something we probably won’t ever build in this column.
Speaking of cost, I made the decision to add in Lantern of Insight. It currently costs $2.99 which is more than the $1 limit I typically have. I did this because without it, this deck wouldn’t really work. I thought it would be worth breaking my self-imposed rule to make a deck that is outside of the norm and interesting. Hopefully you agree.
As stated above, this is not a prison deck. Our goal is to find our Lantern of Insight, get an artifact out that mills the top card from libraries, and then mill until you find a player that is both easily attacked and has something on top of their library you want to cast with Daxos. Daxos’ ability states that it can only cast the card from exile until end of turn, so you want to be sure that you have the mana to cast what you are exiling. It should be noted that you can’t play lands exiled this way.
Our deck comes equipped with a number of ways to find Lantern of Insight. Cards such as Trinket Mage and Whir of Invention are in the deck to act as additional copies of Lantern. There is also a little played creature Wizened Snitch that has an identical effect. It costs more to cast and being a creature, it is easily killed, but having it adds redundancy to our deck.
At this point you might be thinking, rightly so, that this all seems pretty fragile; depending on a single artifact to make our deck work is risky business. That’s why we have a built in contingency plan. Many of our instants are cards that bounce creatures from the battlefield to the top of our opponent’s library. The absolute worst case for this is that our opponent has to redraw and recast that creature, which is a pretty big tempo loss. At best, we bounce something that we can cast with Daxos, attack that player and steal the creature we just put on top of the library. Another trick is to bounce a hard to deal with creature like an Ulamog the Ceaseless Hunger or Kozilek Butcher of Truth and just exile them with Daxos. Congratulations, you just built your own Swords to Plowshares, Rube Goldberg style.
We also have cards like Portent and Bamboozle that look at the top few cards of an opponents deck and rearrange them to our liking. These aren’t as good because they only effect one player one time, but they do the trick in a pinch. We also included a number of artifacts and auras that give some combination of Unblockable and double strike. Unblockable guarantees we will get Daxos’ combat damage trigger and double strike gives it to us twice. It’s worth noting that you will likely be able to kill a non-zero number of players with commander damage this way.
This deck is at its strongest when there are only 1 or 2 other players left. You will be able to use your artifacts and creatures to mill away anything you don’t want your opponents drawing, effectively controlling their draw step, eventually either killing them with Daxos, creatures you have stolen, or slowly but surely milling them out of the game.
This card is pretty high up there on my list of pet cards. It plays a bit like Desertion, but this comparison doesn’t tell the whole story. It doesn’t counter anything and doesn’t have any effect on non-creature spells, but makes up for this fact by being absolutely incredible against creatures and token decks. Have a buddy that plays Krenko, Mob Boss or Rhys the Redeemed? Try this card out and see how it goes. I can think of worse things to get with 6 mana then an entire army of goblins or elves. At worst, you cast it in response to someone casting a creature and you steal it, essentially forcing them to not cast any other creatures that turn.
Two facts, that our deck puts lots of cards in the graveyard and that board wipes are some of the most played cards in EDH, make this card great. Wait for there to be a juicy target in someone’s graveyard and go to town. Don’t forget to start rubbing your hands together like a maniacal Bond villain if you see a reanimator deck amongst your opponents.
This alongside Memory Lapse are two more ways that our deck can control what is on top of an opponent’s library. Countering spells is great and even more fun in white. For bonus points, pass your turn only having 3 plains untapped. Your opponents, thinking the coast is clear, will walk right in to a white counterspell. That sound you are currently hearing is your table being flipped by your friend that gets salty (if you don’t think you have a friend that gets salty, it’s probably you).
Simply put, this card is another way to manipulate the top card of a player’s library. Typically, you use this to attempt to steal things with Daxos, but you can also use it to get back a creature of yours that met an untimely, early demise. You can even use it politically to try and get someone to help you take care of a problem that is messing your plan up by promising to give them back a creature. You have to be careful with the order of your graveyard with this card out, which is equal parts novel and annoying.
At it’s very core, this is a do-nothing enchantment. Really. It doesn’t effect the board in any way. It’s just…there. What it does do is powerfully alter the social dynamics of the game. Giving perfect information of everyone’s hand but yours is a powerful, powerful effect. Everyone knows what threats and what answers everyone has. It should be effortless to leverage this in such a way that you aren’t the target. You can point out the things in other players hands that are scary and hard to deal with, incentivizing others to attack one another, all the while staying above the fray, slowly building up your board position. This is a strong political tool that can buy you a ton of time. Use it accordingly.
I typically stay away from talking about tutors in this section. Yes, tutors are great, pretty much all of the time. Also, the sky is blue, the grass is green, and the earth is flat.
In this case, I will make an exception. Finding our Lantern is very important, and if you already have it in hand or on the battlefield, then you can use this to find a different artifact you might need.
Most decks run equipment. Daxos likes equipment to help him get in the red zone. Thada Adel steals equipment (and other artifacts). Stealing stuff is fun. Play more Thada Adel.
Every EDH deck should have some sort of recursion. Your stuff will die. If it doesn’t, then you are probably winning the game anyway. Hanna does a fantastic job of giving us repeatable recursion. We have a fair amount of artifacts and enchantments in this deck and being able to get a second use out of them is great.
This card is here solely because of the -3 ability. You can use the +1 ability, and I’m sure there are situations where you will, but giving flying and double strike to Daxos is great and is why we are interested in this card to begin with. Daxos does gain us a non-zero amount of life as well, so there is also the possibility of running over everyone an army of cats.
Unfortunately for us, graveyard shenanigans are popular in EDH. Every time you sit down at a table, there is likely to be at least one dedicated graveyard deck. As a large part of our plan focuses around selectively milling our opponents, we can often end up inadvertently helping our opponents. Rest in Peace puts a stop to that. Yes, it nullifies our recursion, but in the games where this card ends up being good, that is an acceptable loss. Watching that smug Karador, Ghost Chieftain player squirm…delightful.
That’s all I have for today. What did you think of our deck? I personally really enjoyed coming up with it and while it might not be the most competitive deck I’ve ever built, it seems like it would be interesting and a blast to play. I definitely felt like breaking our rule with one card was worth it, but I’m curious what you all think. Also, if you enjoyed the process of transitioning a competitive 60 card deck into an EDH deck, check out Matt Morgan’s series “60 to 100”. Below you will find our options for next week. Let me know which you want to see below. Until next time!
Andrew is a life-long gamer and has been playing Magic since 2013. He works as an ASL interpreter, enjoys running, and sitting on his porch reading, while simultaneously silently judging his neighbors. He lives in Joplin, MO with his wife.

‘The writer probably knows what he meant when he wrote a book, but he should immediately forget what he meant when he’s written it.’
Posted in: Philosophy, Quotation, Writing advice | Tagged: authors, children's authors, children's literature, creativity, encouragement, inspiration, life, literature, novelist, painting with words, quotes, William Golding, Writers, Writers Resources, writing	

Eurovelo 6 guide | A guide book for independent cycling from the Atlantic to Budapest along the Loire, Rhine & Danube
Avoid boring towns, skip overpriced tourist traps, dodge closed campsites and take shortcuts by purchasing our unofficial guide to the Eurovelo 6. The guide is written in short sections making it easy to ride any part of the route, for example among the Chateaux of the Loire, as a stand-alone adventure.
On this website we have also provided information to help you decide if the Eurovelo 6 is right for you and help you prepare for your trip.
It’s that time of the year when Eurovision Ireland & friends predict who’s going to qualify from the First Semi-Final.
We’ve been watching all the rehearsals and after a team meeting and discussions we can finally tell you who do we think is going to qualify.
Each of us had a saying and the result is going to be presented as percentage in favour of qualification. * The votes were casted after the First Dress Rehearsal* Thank you everyone for voting and making this post possible!
You ended up being remarkably accurate in your predictions here! All spot on apart from Ireland qualifying in place of Azerbaijan – which is totally deserved, to be fair.

After the first, and very successful, inaugural Large On The Lawn last month, this Sunday they return with another two great stage acts.
“Last month the first Large On The Lawn, Johannesburg’s new summer concert series, hosted a SOLD OUT event with 4000 music fans taking over Golden Harvest Park in Randburg. The 2nd instalment will see another stellar event take over the park with Afrikaans favourites Jack Parow and Francois van Coke performing at Large On The Lawn on Sunday 26 February.
JACK PAROW is SA’s most iconic Afrikaans Rapper. His multiple hits across his 8-year career span has given us sing-along favourites such as ‘Cooler As Ekke’, ‘Eksie Ou’, and ‘Hosh Tokolosh’ along with some collab tracks with FRANCOIS VAN COKE. Aside from his music, Parow has launched his own comic book and most recently his own brandy.
FRANCOIS VAN COKE rose to fame as the iconic front man of legendary South African rock bands Fokofpolisiekar and Van Coke Kartel. In April 2015, Francois launched his self-titled debut solo album and kicked his solo career into gear with the release of the most poignant ballad of that year – Toe Vind Ek Jou featuring Karen Zoid. Last Thursday, 2nd of February, saw the release of Francois’ second solo album, Hierdie is die Lewe and the third music video from the album, Dit Raak Beter (It Gets Better) accompanying the album’s release. The video contains poignant, unreleased footage of Francois growing up and for the most part depicts Francois’ love affair with music growing up, intercut with a performance at his alma mater, Bellville High.
With new stages being introduced in both Johannesburg and Cape Town, this is sure to be a BIG day out. Look at this rad info guide:
Cape Town sees Ultra SA being moved to new home grounds at Cape Town Stadium, with a new Bridges For Music Stage included. And Johannesburg will have a total of FOUR stages on the day. Take a look at the final lineup below:
>The UMF SA 2017 compilation disc has been released by Sony Music, and is already #1 on the iTunes Dance Music Charts!
You can also use the Park & Ride option to get to & from ULTRA SA 2017 safely, or book & Uber. Use Promo code ULTRA2017 for R100 off first time ride.
The wonderful people at Balcony TV JOHANNESBURG turn 5 years old this year. And they have put together quite a rad little birthday party that spans over 2 days at great Jhb live music venues.
Friday night live at The Good Luck Bar sees those lovely boys from Shortstraw take stage alongside Josh Kempen, We Are Charlie, Go Barefoot and Johnny Cradle.
Only 3 hours away from Johannesburg and Durban, nestled between the colossal Drakensberg Amphitheatre mountains, looking onto The Tugela Falls, is a New Year’s event unlike any other. The Smoking Dragon Festival is back for its 6th year and has expanded to 4 stages including The Main Stage, Cherch Electric Jungle, Fringe Stage and the sparkling new Ripple Zone, complete with a dam, look-out deck and bar. The perfect location to jam in the water while watching some incredible acts!
Upping the game this year they have packed over 40 acts into this 3-day festival from 29 Dec – 1 Jan 2016. With the best in local talent from all over South Africa already announced including Grassy Spark, The Rudimentals, The Kiffness, Tidal Waves and so many more, Smoking Dragon is making this a New Year to remember with the addition of the supremely talented Stelth Ulvang of The Lumineers and Tudo Mundo.
Basic festival ticket which will grant the buyer access to the event grounds, basic ablution facilities (hot showers are an additional R25), main food court and bar.
Ticket will include access to the Jacuzzi, Sauna, Swimming Pool, DStv and chill lounges, Private Cocktail bar, Self-Catering kitchens, and free hot showers.
*Kids Zone full weekend and day passes allow children under the age of 12* access to fun, child focussed activities in a safe and secure area.
**Kids Zone evening passes allow children under the age of 12* access to 1x guardian per two children overnight, who will make sure the child(ren) are safe and fed
Mary Baker Eddy has a provision for Christian Science Reading Rooms to be conveniently located in every community where there is a Christian Science church. Ours is located right in downtown Corvallis, catty-corner to City Hall. You may have seen our sign and wondered what was inside.
The Reading Room is a resource to bring healing to the individual and the world. Open for people of all faiths or no faith, as well as students of Christian Science, you can think of it as a shelter from the world, a refuge from whatever might be troubling you, or a calm oasis where your spiritual sense can be renewed or awakened– a place to get quiet and listen for God’s direction.
The following items are available for you to purchase, borrow to take home, or read in the Reading Room:
The Bible and Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures by Mary Baker Eddy, the books to read to find out for yourself what Christian Science teaches.
The Christian Science Monitor, an award-winning publication (weekly, as well as daily editions online)
We also have online access to christianscience.com, csmonitor.com, and jsh-online which you can use to further your study and research while visiting the Reading Room.
This isn’t your Grandmother’s Reading Room! While the concepts of Christian Science are ageless, the means of presentation are 21st Century. Come on in and find out for yourself.
Christmas quotes always play integral and significant role during Christmas season. 2016 Christmas is coming and this year people are looking very excited and thrill. Every year people try to wish others with best and unique words. So, this time we are giving you here top 20 Christmas quotes collection. All our quotes are unique and latest. Now just open this site and get your favorite one and send it to your loved ones.
This position provides leadership in the research, design, and development of instructional materials for the traditional, flipped, hybrid, and fully online K-12 classroom.
Design and develop a wide-variety of instructional resources based on needs of staff and administration.
Assist administration and teachers in selecting, evaluating, and experimenting with web-based instructional technologies.
Collaborate with Directors of Secondary and Elementary Education to ensure learning objectives and instructional methods are met.
Support teachers in creating instructional material, activities, information resources, and evaluation methods.
Masters in Educational Technology, Instructional Design, Curriculum and Instruction, or related discipline.
The main role of an instructional designer is to create instructional materials that teachers can implement in the classroom. Their work is done behind-the-scenes and allows teachers to focus on the implementation rather than the research. Their role is much like an equipment manager of a football team who prepares the equipment so the players can focus on playing and not worrying if their shoulder pads are going to fit right or if their helmet has the latest concussion preventing design.
Teachers are the ones who deliver content to the students. They utilize the information and tools the instructional designer has recommended to deliver the material. Their job is made easier because of the the work done by the instructional designer. The teacher typically is an expert in one field of study and adapts instruction to their content.
There are three main differences between a teacher and an instructional designer. The first is that a teacher directly delivers content to the students and the instructional designer does not. The second is that the instructional designer develops the curriculum the teacher delivers. The teacher arranges the specific content for the curriculum, but does not develop the curriculum. The third difference between a teacher and instructional designer is that the instructional designer trains the teacher through professional development on current technologies and other curriculum implementation tools.
In my experience as an educator, I have not directly worked with an instructional designer. I feel as though I have been a teacher and instructional designer. I have developed my instruction from professional development unrelated to my school and have integrated technology I have learned through my education and post-graduate studies.
One of the most prevalent issues we face at our high school is plagiarism. I would like to teach my students the proper way to research and cite their work. Currently, my students’ research skills consist of using whichever websites pop-up first through Google, or going straight to wikipedia.com. I would like to instill these skills into my students so they will be prepared for their latter years of high school and once they get to college.
Currently, the only “citing” my students have to do is copy and paste the URL onto the assignment to let me know which websites they used. I do not require APA format, or any other formal type of citing. I often find multiple paragraphs directly pasted onto their assignments without proper citation. I believe The OWL at Purdue University summarized my experience best; research-based writing is filled with rules that writers aren’t aware of or don’t know how to follow.
I believe it is my responsibility to inform my students on the proper way to research and cite their work. I am enabling them to plagiarize by not holding them accountable for the sources they use, nor the citations. My goal is to educate my students about tools to use to when researching so that they no longer have to rely on plagiarism.
This articles talks about the pros and cons of using Google Scholar. One great thing Google has done is it has made it easy for people to find scholarly information. Google has huge databases of the largest and most well-known scholarly publishers and university presses, their digital hosts/facilitators, societies and other scholarly organizations and government agencies, and preprint/reprint servers. Google has access to journals, books, digital repositories, and other resources in multiple languages and geographics. However, Google Scholar does have a minor flaw in that it has a hard time distinguishing author names from other parts of the text using its parsing algorithm.
This article talks about how the goal of Google is much like that of a public or academic library. The stated goal of Google, “to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful.” With Google Scholar, they have teamed up with libraries and provided an interface that represents the library resources. Instead of having to go to a library, one can now use Google Scholar to search through the library databases for you.
This article lists what plagiarism is, how to detect plagiarism, and strategies to prevent it. It recommends having the paper written in a specific format with a certain number of references. I should let students know how to avoid plagiarism and that I know about “Internet paper mills”
For this assignment, I really wanted to take a dual approach to this and look at the effectiveness of Google Scholar and strategies to prevent plagiarism. What was interesting is that I was using Google Scholar to research the pros/cons of using Google Scholar. Very few articles came up that showed unfavorable information on Google Scholar. Either suggesting Google Scholar is a great resource to use, or Google Scholar has auto-filter for research on negative aspects of itself; just like us humans do.
After researching both topics, I am convinced I need to hold my students more accountable with their researching and citing. Not only so that they have to think for themselves, but also to prepare them for their post-high school lives.
I have now begun my journey into the overwhelming world of RSS feeds. Really Simple Syndication, or RSS feeds, are a way to organize and streamline information from your favorite websites.
Even though I am familiar finding ten or more daily new emails from websites or blogs I subscribe to, I am finding my Google Reader feed to be quite mind-boggling. I’m not sure if this is because I am reading my feed in addition to my emails, or because my feed is a new system I am getting use to. Currently, I read multiple emails from multiple email accounts and delete or archive the email once I am done reading the article.
The way I see myself using RSS in the classroom is using my feed as a database for new ways of effectively using technology in the classroom. I do not plan on having my students use it at this time, but I do plan on “unsubscribing” to all the emails I am receiving and now just checking my Google Reader for all the new updates. RSS seems to fit well with my motto of work smarter, not harder.

* To enter the production after receiving your order. We will wait as much as three weeks to 1 month until delivery
Case diameter of about 36mm / thickness of about 11mm / total length of about 26cm / belt width of about 20mm
* The warranty period is one year from purchase. However will only mechanical failure. Because in the case of warranty loss will repair for a fee be less than one year, warranty card, please keep it in a safe place.
* All because of handmade, there is the case that specifications of the details are different from the image.

Op-ed pieces have their own structure, length, voice, etc. Knowing how to merge your opinion with factual information is an important part of writing an op-ed piece and attracting readers to your story.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, author, speaker, and writer for New York Times Opinion joined a recent ProfNet #ConnectChat to discuss op-eds.
In addition to writing for the New York Times, Boylan has authored 13 books, including her national bestselling memoir She’s Not There: A Life in Two Genders.
Boylan not only shared how she writes op-ed pieces and makes them into compelling stories, but also talked about how to pitch them to major publications.
If you missed the Twitter chat, here is our recap. You can learn more about Jennifer Finley Bowlan, her new novella I’ll Give You Something to Cry About, and other writings on jenniferboylan.net.
I was a novelist for years then became a memoirist. As a man I wrote fiction. As a woman I wrote nonfiction. Symbolic? An editor at The New York Times wrote me one Halloween and asked me to write about growing up in a haunted house. So my first op-ed for NYT Opinion was the result of an editor reaching out to me. After that, I started writing for the NYT “political postcard” series in election ’08.
An op-ed piece differs from other nonfiction in that it really is about opinion. I’m a storyteller, so this is hard. What I mean is, as a novelist (or a memoirist), the story is the opinion. I hate to spell it out. Show don’t tell, and all that.
But in opinion writing, they want the story, but also the opinion, the “telling.” At a certain point you have to tell the moral, make your opinion clear. Generally, you can’t just tell the story, and leave it at that — which is what my instinct is.
So an op-ed is a particular kind of story that also advocates a “position.” And that position has to be backed up by fact and research, as well as your own charming voice.
When writing an op-ed where should one draw the line on opinions if they work in a client services-based industry?
Do know that your opinions become public and will become associated with you. For instance, I’m the national co-chair of the board of directors of GLAAD, and I have to be careful. People will think that my opinions are GLAAD’s opinions if I write about LGBT issues.
As a writer, I don’t draw lines — I want to write about everything! As a public figure, I have to be careful not to damage the brand of the organization. Bottom line is, I try to be very careful, and don’t write when I’ll jeopardize the organization.
I always try to start with a story, preferably humorous. Then I try to “show” how the story connects to an issue in the news, or of note. And then I try to wrap up by circling back to the joke again, preferably in a new way. That’s how I do it, but there are other methods. I like leading with the story that pulls readers in.
On op-ed ideal length: NYT likes 800 words for standard column, like the regulars: Brooks, Collins, Bruni, etc. If I’m pitching a piece at them, I’ll generally aim for 800 words, especially in the summer. Why summer, you ask? Because the regular NYT columnists take vacations in the summer, so they’re always looking for people to fill. That’s how I became a regular after the “postcard” series — I became a designated summer filler — columnist “substitute teacher.”
If I’m pitching an original piece, I go as long as 1,200 words. I send to editor with note, “This is long; I can cut.” Because now I have a relationship with an editor, and I know she will read my work. They allow Sunday columns to go long too, because there’s more space in the Sunday Review. But if you’re trying to be the Best Little Freelancer In All The World, aim for 800 words.
Each writer has his or her own style, of course. Gail Collins has mastered a casual, comic tone. David Brooks is more academic. Your best bet– hate to say it– is to be yourself. People can tell if you’re faking it.
My own regret is that I can’t be quite as funny as I’d like to be in NYT Opinion. Collins is the grand master of funny-but-serious on the page. I think I am funnier in person than on the page, but maybe that’s a good thing. I bet you could read a “typical” column by one of the Times’ dozen or so regulars and know within a paragraph who wrote it.
Step one is, asking: What am I passionate about? Step two is, asking: Do I know a story that’d help me get into the subject?
Let’s say I want to write about cows. Maybe there’s a news story about cows making chocolate milk. So I’d think, “Hm, chocolate milk.” I’d do a little research. Is milk good for you? What causes lactose intolerance? I’d sketch all that out.
Then I’d think, “What stories do I know about chocolate milk?” Then I’m remembering this kid who had chocolate milk come out his nose in 1965, Richie Barnhart. Then I sit down to write.
Open with the Richie Barnhart story. Then transitional graph: “I was thinking about this recently when I heard that genetically modified cows now produce chocolate milk.” Then I go to the research on lactose intolerance, on how much milk kids drink. Then end by circling back to Richie Barnhart, who, in the ideal world, would now own a dairy farm.
Sometimes, it’s the reverse: I’ll have a good story for an opening, and look to see what it connects to.
Timing is everything in pitching. As is a hook. Editors aren’t interested in your random genius. So know that, the Monday before Father’s Day, editors will have seven jillion pieces about daddies. So if you’re going to write a Father’s Day piece, write it in May, and send it in early.
I had a piece ready to go for the Times this spring when I heard the news about the new SAT on the radio. I wrote my editor, “Hold the other piece, I’m writing an SAT thing.” Wrote it that night and sent it in next morning. It ran the day after. If I’d waited two days, the editor would have been swamped in SAT pieces.
Other times, you have to search for the hook. I had a piece about Winnie the Pooh they took in April, but no hook. We waited until Christmas Eve, which was the 84th anniversary of the first Pooh story in London Telegraph. It took that long.
Anniversaries can always provide great hooks. But it’s also a cliché, especially now with the 50th anniversary of the 1960s. Finding a good hook is also an art. Otherwise, sometimes you have to wait for the news cycle to give you your lede.
Be respectful. Don’t be too annoying. If they encourage you, keep conversing. Be pleasant on email, but brief. Again, have pity on overworked editors. If they say no, accept that no means no. But if they’re nice with the reject, send them something else, although not right away.
Well, the benefits of being in the NYT Opinion are that I’m in the company of some of the best writers in the world. When I have a piece in the Times, I feel, for a day, like one of the most influential writers in the world. Passionate email pours in from across the globe. People arguing that I’m wrong, or that they love me.
There are very few things in a writers’ life as powerful as that — instantly feeling the effect of one’s work. Then, the next day: it’s back to being a loser. The op-ed form is hard. It looks easy, but it’s such a high-wire act. I’m humbled to be included there, among my heroes.
Working on a story and need an expert source? ProfNet has thousands of folks available to help you with your deadlines or blog posts. Send a query, search the more than 60,000 profiles on ProfNet Connect, or get timely experts and story ideas by email — all for free! Email profnet@profnet.com if you’d like help getting started.
Polina Opelbaum is a community services specialist with ProfNet. To read more from Polina, check out her blog on ProfNet Connect.
July 17, 2014 in Journalists and Journalism, Media Q&As, Media Tools and Tips. Tags: ConnectChat, freelancers, Jennifer Finney Boylan, Op-Eds, Writing Tips
As senior social media editor for USA Today Sports, she tweets and writes stories about the sports world – and namely her love of hockey.
But, while Jhaveri’s found herself in a decidedly fitting role, “it wasn’t even a pipe dream,” she says.
Apart from the fact that social media jobs weren’t really a thing when she was studying at James Madison University, the idea of a woman writing about sports seemed fanciful as well.
So, Jhaveri embarked on a path that’s certainly common – but one that is quite untraditional for a journalist.
In college, she majored in media arts and had a tech background. She minored in English – because she liked to write.
Jhaveri’s first jobs were in customer service, where she quickly fell victim to layoffs and eventually unemployment. It wasn’t until her next stint at a lobbying firm that she took a chance on an email from a friend.
The prompt: Trying her hand at an unpaid gig at a budding DC website, DCist.com – because she liked to write.
The experience spring boarded Jhaveri into digital journalism, working for places like the now-folded DC Style magazine and AOL. She also got her master’s degree in cultural studies to help sharpen her expertise for culture-focused pieces.
Again she faced layoffs and struggled to find passion in her work. “My writing wasn’t going anywhere. I wanted to give up,” she said.
With the staying power of her writing career in question, she made yet another change. Jhaveri left her writing behind for a role at Politico Digital, dealing in SEO and mobile strategy.
After a few years in a new field, with grit now intact, her calling became clear. She missed writing and followed her voice – and happiness – over to sports.
In short, Jhaveri’s early career was full of transition and riddled with failure. “It’s not a path to be replicated,” she emphasized. But, Jhaveri’s experiences allowed her to find her resilience and ultimately unleash her success.
She spent some time with us recently to share the details of her career journey. And while she doesn’t consider herself a role model, Jhaveri has an enviable level of badassery.
For anyone considering a change, or charging ahead into the unknown, here are some of her top tips for embracing change and failure.
1. Success is an up-and-down journey. “Don’t be so future focused that you forget what you have to do in the meantime,” says Jhaveri. For her, every job she took was a stepping stone to something she’s always wanted to do, but it involved a lot of compromise. “Success is not a continuous peak,” she says. There are a lot of ups and downs and those experiences are formative.
2. Listen to your unhappiness. While your passion may be the fire that drives you, your passion can change and your passion can burn out. This was a major factor for Jhaveri in both leaving and returning to writing. “If you are not happy in what you are doing – and you have these ambitions or you’re not moving in the direction you wanted to – you should look into that unhappiness,” she says. “Be willing to do whatever it is that you are passionate about.”
3. Make a mindmap. To visualize the year ahead, Jhaveri suggests drawing a mindmap of your goals. She drew for us an example of her own 2016 mindmap, with objectives ranging from traveling more often to landing an interview with a major name in hockey. The power of the mindmap really lies in its simplicity. Start by branching out your goals and underlying passions, hang it in a prominent location, and revisit it regularly to help keep your plans and wishes top of mind.
4. Don’t be afraid to take the risk. Fear is boring. Jhaveri learned this as she sat on the email from a friend about the potential writing gig at DCist. “I was so scared to have to prove myself if I did get hired,” she says. But by taking the risk, it turned into this amazing thing where she built the foundation of her writing career. The same happened for her when she came across her current role. “You have to have a willingness to fail. I wanted something so bad that I was willing to fall flat on my face,” Jhaveri says. If you’re thinking of trying something new, focus on the “skillset you have that other people don’t,” she added. Even if you aren’t the most qualified.
5. Let go of the results. Reward the effort instead of the results, says Jhaveri. Find your own metric of success and stop wondering what other people will think. The fear of failure is what stops many of us from pushing forward. “Try not to view failure as a value judgment,” she says. “Take value judgment out of it and you can move forward.”
6. Don’t resent your decisions. It’s all part of our path, so no choice should ever truly be considered wrong. “The decisions we make are all practical,” says Jhaveri. “Whatever choices you made, you thought about it and took ownership.” She quoted a line from Shakespeare’s Hamlet: “There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.”
7. Be nice to people when you don’t need something from them. This is sage advice Jhaveri got from a former POLITICO colleague. It’s human nature that we’re all more likely to help a friend before helping a stranger – and you never know when you might need someone’s help. Better to be remembered for being a kind and familiar face. Show up and connect on something simple. It’s as easy as that.
8. Failure = resilience = success. Finally, this is the formula that Jhaveri came up with as a result of her experiences. “Resilience is the key to success in everything you do,” says Jhaveri. “When you fail a lot you build resilience – you’ll get grit.” Don’t take it easy on yourself. “You have to start, fall down, start and fall down. And then you keep going,” she says. That’s how you hit the finish line.
Anna Jasinski is manager of audience relations at PR Newswire. Follow her on Twitter at @annamjasinski for expert tips on writing and social media. You can also catch her tweeting the latest news in journalism and blogging on @BeyondBylines.
January 6, 2016 in Bloggers and Blogging, Journalists and Journalism. Tags: career advice, change and failure, journalist tips
Media Insider: Moonves Out at CBS, Apple Talking with Newspapers About Texture Service, Lawsuits Over Journalist Twitter Accounts May Become More Common
2 thoughts on ““Let Go of the Results” and Other Tips for Embracing Change and Failure in the New Year”	
I invite all readers to rescue art. We take the time to go to galleries, museums, exhibitions and all the activities that support and promote art from Da Vinci, Monet, to Gabino Amaya Cacho. His works have influenced us and changed the art. We deserve to take time to appreciate them!

Ink recovered from two giant squid fossils found near Bristol in England has resisted degradation despite the passage of years. One fossilized ink sac was even intact. Most organic material degrades over the years, and this is the first successful effort to subject ancient melanin to direct chemical analysis.
Melanin is a pigment found in many kinds of organisms—bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals. There are several different kinds of melanin distinguished by the molecular structure. Melanin-containing granules have been identified in other fossils but can be mistaken for fossilized bacteria. The actual chemical analysis achieved by this team is therefore an important achievement. An international team of scientists led by University of Virginia chemistry professor John Simon analyzed the ink recovered from the fossils using a variety of techniques. Their conclusions appear in the May 21 edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The melanin proved to be the eumelanin type, identified by the amino acids present and their arrangement. Further analysis showed the ink is chemically identical with the ink found in the living cuttlefish Sepia officinalis. (Both squid and cuttlefish are cephalopods, said by people who eat them to taste the same.)
Out of all of the organic pigments in living systems, melanin has the highest odds of being found in the fossil record.
“Though the other organic components of the squid we studied are long gone, we’ve discovered … the melanin has remained in a condition that could be studied in exquisite detail,” Simon says. “Out of all of the organic pigments in living systems, melanin has the highest odds of being found in the fossil record. … We had to use innovative methods from chemistry, biology and physics to isolate the melanin from the inorganic material.” He says this combination of techniques should be applicable for recovering organic material from other fossils providing “ways of identifying organic components in fossils that might have been missed using standard methods.”
Fossilized ink sac in fossilized giant squid, believed by evolutionists to be 160 million years old, contains ink chemically indistinguishable from the ink of modern cuttlefish. Image from the British Geological Society through LiveScience.
“As we look back and think about what we know about life before our time, it’s mostly through skeletal info,” Simon explains. Preserved soft tissue, however, offers “a whole new window into species that are extinct and their relationships to modern-day [organisms].”1
The results show, Simon says, “that the pigmentation in this class of animals has not evolved in 160 million years. The whole machinery apparently has been locked in time and passed down through succeeding generations of squid. It’s a very optimized system for this animal and has been optimized for a long time.” He adds, “The ‘aha moment’ for me was when we looked at the techniques for chemical bonding and we couldn’t find anything that distinguished the pigment in the fossil from the pigment in a modern-day cuttlefish, which suggests the pigment hasn’t changed in 160 million years. When I think about other evolutionary transitions that just amazes me.”2
So can organic materials really persist for millions of years? A few years ago the discovery of intact red blood cells from dinosaur bone and subsequent recovery of keratin and collagen from other ancient fossils has certainly raised that question. While the chemical analysis of this ink and other organics recovered from fossils is a matter that can be subjected to repeatable direct scientific testing, the assignment of age is indirect and dependent on various unverifiable assumptions.
Most of the prolific fossil-bearing portion of the geologic column (the so-called Phanerozoic), including the Jurassic section where these squid were found, can be explained by Flood geology. Therefore, we can say based on biblical history that the melanin in this squid’s ink has survived chemically intact for over 4,300 years. Not millions, but impressive nevertheless.
Evolutionists believe this ink evolved to its optimal state long ago, though they have no evidence that this ink evolved from some “primitive” ink (whatever that may mean). Since evolution depends on the accumulation of countless mutations through deep time, it is always a little surprising from an evolutionary point of view to find a substance that remained impervious to any changes at all for those many millions of years. From a biblical point of view we understand this ink to be a substance designed by God and unchanged for merely a few thousand years.
Previous Article Primates’ Evolutionary Relationship to People Next Article News to Note, May 26, 2012


Seventeen-year-old Haron sits on a bench in Gezi Park, unsure of what to do next. Night is falling as rain clouds begin to roll over Istanbul. Read the full text at:

Tofacitinib (Xeljanz) is an oral medication that is FDA approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Recent studies in the past 2 years have shown a benefit for some patients with alopecia areata. Alopecia areata is an autoimmune condition, that affects all ages and all people across the world. In fact, about 2 % of the world's population is affected by alopecia areata. Patients often lose hairs in circular patches but may lose all the hair on the body as well. I’ve been using Tofacitinib (Xeljanz) in my practice for a while now. It doesn’t help everyone but does help a proportion of patients.
I was encouraged too by a recent study showing benefit not only for hair loss, but also for the nail problems that frequently accompany this condition. A study in the journal JAMA Dermatology reported 3 patients with alopecia universalis (AU) whose nail abnormalities improved with treatment with Tofacitinib. Interestingly, 2 of these 3 patients had an improvement in hair growth as well.

If you are searching for luxury bar stool? We have some information of popular luxury bar stool(s) here! and You can buy luxury bar stool from our recommend online shop. We think you can find special price for buy this luxury bar stool before it out of stock!
I bought this One Allium Way Amhold 26" Bar Stool (Set of 2) for my friends. They absolutely loved it. Quality is good. Impressive quality for the price. All in all, very happy I purchased this.
Congratulations on your searching luxury bar stool. Be careful, These product may out of stock soon!! Best wishes on your shopping for luxury bar stool. - One Allium Way Amhold 26" Bar Stool (Set of 2) Best Guaranteed
Exactly how I pictured it! Love how simple, yet classy it is! Great price for the quality of the luxury bar stool. I recommend this product to anybody who wants quality and perfection. color and style is just perfect.
I soooo love the One Allium Way Amhold 26" Bar Stool (Set of 2)! Aside from it is my favorite color, the size is perfect. The delivery period is awesome too! I'll definitely shop again with online shop. Quality seems good. You won't regret it
I can't say enough nice things about this luxury bar stool. This luxury bar stool can go anywhere. Very becoming. True to size. I love this luxury bar stool! Very tailored look. Nice material, feels great on. I love this luxury bar stool!
In case you love the mall or the high street, you will probably find it hard to believe the reasons why online shopping is better, nevertheless, (Luxury Bar Stool) there is no doubt that you will really appreciate the idea of not having to park. Car parking in the town centers nowadays are a headache and can cost a bomb as well. Buy One Allium Way Amhold 26" Bar Stool (Set of 2) online and park yourself on your sofa along with a hot cup of tea.
When purchasing One Allium Way Amhold 26" Bar Stool (Set of 2) on the web, there are no long ques that you need to endure only to purchase your merchandise. [Luxury Bar Stool] The concept of online shopping is cutting down those awful practices of waiting in a long que. Every single online shop is designed with exclusive individual ordering features to buy the Luxury Bar Stool.

Leighton. sweet, wild and sexy girl. if you would like to arrange our meeting - please send me an email.
Gia. i am brigitte from hungary.i am very sexy and sensuale. it takes more then just looks to be a good companion...i have the ability to make you feel at ease right away...you will find me to be a lady of class, who is elegant, yet still raw, cheeky, with the right amount of naughty and a whole lot of tease.
A vital member of Dallas Contemporary’s Senior Staff, the Senior Curator is the driving force behind the identity of the museum’s curatorial programming, as well as the overall identity of Dallas Contemporary at large. As head of the curatorial department, the Senior Curator significantly contributes to Dallas Contemporary’s vision and ongoing growth.

Today we are proud to share a new video for our « Live Outside » series, featuring Louis Mhlanga. « Maria » was recorded and filmed in Louis’ back yard in South Africa. Sometimes great music is just in the moment, and today we celebrate these moments together through music.

The most theft-prone vehicle in America might be the Dodge Charger. Or it might be the Ford F-250 pickup truck. Those are the contradictory conclusions of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the insurance industry-funded Highway Loss Data Institute. Still, the government agency and private group agree that the theft of late-model vehicles is [...]
Carrying too much body fat may have harmful effects on your health, so BMI is used as a screening tool.
In nutrition, diet is the sum of food consumed by a person or other organism. A particular diet may be chosen to seek weight loss or weight gain.But when does a fixation with what is consumed, calories and weight become a major health concern.Naturopathic physicians specialize in treatment of factors which inhibit weight loss.Learn how to evaluate claims made by weight loss products and diets. (BMI), plan menus, learn about food labels,.Atkins low carb diet program uses a powerful life-time approach to successful weight loss.
Individuals used the key ingredient in Hydroxycut (C. canephora robusta) with diet and. The Freshman 15, as it is commonly know, is a real concern for many college students — not just freshman and not always 15 pounds, sometimes less, sometimes more.Diet Nutrition Plan For Weight Loss - After A Vaginal Hysterectomy Weight Loss Diet Nutrition Plan For Weight Loss Advanced Weight Loss Surgery Maryland Arizona.Carrying too much body fat has harmful effects on your health.
While friends and relatives who encourage bad eating habits may have the best intentions, they could be innocently contributing to several potential problems affecting your children.Do you feel a bit of resistance about traditional diet plans.
Healthy Eating. A high. There are some concerns over this type of weight loss plan as it can make some.Food choices away from home are important to your health and weight since many of us eat more meals away from home.A healthy eating plan gives your body the nutrients it needs every day while staying within your daily calorie goal for weight loss. nutrition it needs is.
Adopting healthy diet and exercise habits is the smart way to take off excess weight and keep it off.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, weights in these ranges are higher than what is generally considered healthy for a given height.
Whether you have one or several bad habits to change, these are some basic principles to follow to help you succeed at making the changes you desire.Helping Kids Maintain a Healthy Body Weight: A Cheat Sheet for Success.
Lose Weight Safely and Quickly on the hA2cg Diet Plan for Natural Weight Loss at the Nutrition Wellness Center in Nassau County.Diet Nutrition Plan For Weight Loss - Best Weight Loss Pills Yahoo Diet Nutrition Plan For Weight Loss How To Lose Weight Drinking Green Tea Treadmill To Lose 20 Pounds.Here are four key behaviors that separate the maintainers from the gainers.
Stick to our diet and this workout plan for. they wanted lost 23% more weight than women on a low-fat diet.Despite an obesity epidemic in this country, nearly 4 percent of children and teens are underweight. We are never too old to enjoy the benefits of improved nutrition and fitness.
If a diet or product sounds too good to be true, it probably is.We love our restaurants: According to the National Restaurant Association, Americans eat about 24 percent — almost one quarter — of their meals away from home.
The most successful weight loss plans combine diet,. 6 Tips for Dining Out without Blowing Your Nutrition Plan.The Vegetarian diet plan for weight loss is not just to lose weight,.
Use smart-eating strategies: Plan ahead, consider the menu and choose foods carefully to keep you on your plan.Allow them to tell you about the frustrating and painful issues common among overweight children.It takes willpower and motivation to make and maintain changes in your life. Cookbooks: ANTI INFLAMMATORY - Recipes, Weight Loss, And Healthy Living (Anti Inflammatory Diet, Dinner Recipes, Nutrition Plan, Fiber, Arthritis, Low Carbohydrates.Ill-fitting dentures and other dental or oral health problems can also affect adequacy of nutrition. Loss of. of a diet.Intermittent fasting is gaining attention for its purported weight-loss benefits, but is it good for you.
If so, you may be looking for a more relaxed approach to healthy weight loss.Learn more about diet trends and get answers from the food and nutrition experts.A 30-day plant-based diet can help you lose weight and feel more energized.
Though following very low calorie diets may result in rapid weight loss in the short term, slow and steady wins the weight loss race.Too little sleep is linked with both packing on extra pounds and developing Type 2 diabetes.Weight Loss Nutrition Plan Dr Oz 2 Week Detox Diet How Do You Detox Off Of Methadone Weight Loss Nutrition Plan Natural Homemade Detox Recipes Ninja Detox Juice.
An individualized nutrition plan will be created to help you improve performance, and lose or maintain weight as an athlete.Learn how Weight Watchers works and a get a review of the SmartPoints diet plan, cost and other important Weight.

Finding the best Ferrum course notes is easy with Uloop. Browse through Ferrum English course notes, biology course notes, college course notes, and more in and around Ferrum, VA. Check out course note listings from Ferrum students, as well as posts from local Ferrum residents who have graduated. Course note filters can help you refine your Ferrum course notes search and enhance your discovery experience. Everyone can benefit from class notes, so be sure to share with Ferrum classmates to make the course notes search process even faster for them. Uloop.com is the place to find Ferrum course notes — try it out today!
Search for crops you are interested in (fruit, vegetables, cereals, etc.) or choose one from the list below.
Edited version of original article by Hannah Ellenwood from Biola University's Center for Marriage and Relationships.
When I was in high school and college I thought that if I was chosen by the guy who “had it all together;” who was adored and wanted by many, then I would be seen that way too.
I thought that if a guy had the image and confidence I craved, it might rub off on me and make me feel more valuable. If a guy like that saw me and chose me over everyone else….that would make my insecurities disappear. Because that would mean I was worth it.
My idea of the person I needed was borne out of my insecurities, rather than out of my security in Christ, who I was created to be, and what I have to give in a relationship.
When I graduated from college, I found that what I really wanted was someone who, when stripped of his platform, his friends, his success, and everything but his heart, displayed solid character and deep devotion to Christ - a solid foundation on which to build a relationship and a life.
And I realized that if I wanted to find a guy like that, I needed to first look closely his character - because it’s the state of his heart (that foundation) that will prove his surface-level behavior trustworthy and consistent. I know that no one is a finished product and lives this perfectly. We are all human. But we serve a God who redeems and restores and transforms and calls us to holiness.
So, here are the things that I believe speak most accurately to that kind of man (or woman, for the guys reading this):
There’s a difference between the people who live that way and the people who long to live that way. I've met a lot of people who truly long to live their lives for Christ. They talk about it. They dream about it. They write about it and preach about it. However, when they get into the nitty-gritty of actually living that out, it becomes less of a priority because of the cost of saying yes to God. They haven't built that muscle of obedience because of what it costs, so the foundation beneath them crumbles every time they try to build on it. The cracks in their character are too significant to uphold the person they long to be.
When I meet someone who lives his life saying Yes to God, this means he is living in intimate relationship with Jesus, seeking Him, talking to Him, listening to Him and obeying what God is asking of him. Now. Not in the future. Regardless of his feelings, his circumstances, or the opinions of others, he is committed to seeking God first and responding with obedience to whatever God asks of him. If this is true of him, I can trust that when it comes to making decisions in marriage, we will both submit to seeking Him first and then walking in obedience together, rather than trying to fight for our own agendas.
The beautiful thing about this one is that it indicates that this guy does say yes to God and lives his life for Him. If we live in obedience to Christ, our lives, our homes, our workplaces and our communities reflect that.
The Bible is pretty clear on what kind of fruit to look for: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness and self-control. When someone is living surrendered and his life has been transformed by Christ, the fruit of the Spirit should be evident in the way he treats others, the way he speaks, the way he works, the way he builds and engages community and the way he spends his time when he’s not being "watched". And this fruit should be a natural overflow of his heart, not something he talks about doing or does only when there’s some kind of social return or recognition.
3. His "future glory self" excites me and I want to invest myself in his journey of becoming that person
"Within this Christian vision of marriage, here's what it means to fall in love. It is to look at another person and get a glimpse of what God is creating, and say, ‘I see who God is making you, and it excites me! I want to be part of that. I want to partner with you and God in the journey you are taking to His throne. And when we get there, I will look at your magnificence and say, I always knew you could be like this. I got glimpses of it on earth, but now look at you!' Each spouse should see the great thing that Jesus is doing in the life of their mate through the Word, the gospel. Each spouse should then give him or herself to be a vehicle for that work and envision the day that you will stand together before God, seeing each other presented in spotless beauty and glory.”
Oh man, I love this thought. One caution I would have, though, is that some of us tend to get caught up in being attracted to the future potential we see in someone rather than their present reality.
If that’s you (it definitely has been me), this is where the first two points come in: If they say yes to God and there is fruit in their lives now, you can trust that they truly are on their way to becoming this person. They are submitting themselves to the work of the Spirit in their lives. It is in this kind of surrender and devotion that we "can be certain that God, who began the good work within them, will continue His work until it is finally finished on the day when Christ Jesus returns (Phil 1:6)".
Discover how Biola University can challenge your thinking, deepen your faith and prepare you for a life of impact.


In this tutorial you will be creating a semi-realistic, sci-fi icon that could be used as a battery or dock icon. Let’s get started!
Create a 256 x 256 document at 72 DPI. This is a very common image size for a dock icon. The background color can be set to either white or transparent.
Let's set up the canvas by creating a white background layer if you have not already. You will find this useful later on when you need to see background contrast by Inverting the background layer Cmd/Ctrl + I. Display your Rulers and drag a new Guide to the center.
Using the Ellipse (U) tool, draw an oval at the top center of the canvas with this color #e1e1e1. You can center it by selecting the whole document Cmd/Ctrl + A and use the Move Tool (V) and click the icon on the top bar as show in the diagram. Call this "Circle Top." Duplicate this layer fourteen times by holding down Alt + Down with the Move Tool (V). Merge the fourteen duplicated layers can call it "Circle Body." Place this layer below "Circle Top."
Apply the following style to "Circle Top" to give it a metallic look. Inner Glow tends to give it the frensel effect while Gradient Overlay gives it dimension.
Create a new layer above "Circle Top" and call it "Edge." Cmd/Ctrl-click "Circle Top" thumbnail for its selection. Fill it with white using the Paint Bucket Tool (G). Nudge the selection up by 1px and press Delete. Using the Eraser Toll (E) of about 60px in diameter and 0% hardness, click once on the left and right side of the circle. Create a new layer above and use the same method to get the selection of "Circle Top." Call this layer "Shine." Using and white soft brush at 60px diameter, click once on the bottom center of the circle. Bring the opacity down to 80%. This will give it a crispy and shiny look.
Create another layer and call it "Reflection." Use the Rectangular Marquee Tool (M) and draw a rectangle on the side of the "Circle Body" and Fill (G) it with white. I inverted the background color so you can see it more clearly. Get the selection of "Circle Body" and Invert it Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + I. Now press delete and set the Opacity to 10%. This might hardly look like any difference, but this whole step makes a very big impact on the design.
Create a new layer and call this "Bulb." Get the selection of "Circle Top" and Fill (G) it with #80fa96. You can use any color you wish, but for this tutorial, we will be going for a slightly yellowish green. Enter Free Transform Cmd/Ctrl + T and while holding down Shift + Alt, drag one of the corners inward until you find that it's the size of the bulb you want.
You can group all the layers we were working on just now, except for the background, and give it a name. I called mine "Head." Create a new group call "Top Body." Create a new layer inside this group and call it "Top." Use the Pen Tool (P) and draw what you see on the diagram. Remember to keep perspective in mind when drawing 3D icons. Now Fill (G) the shape with #d7d7d7 by Right Click > Fill Path.
It's time it add shine and reflection. Now is a good time to make use of a black background. Select you background layer and Invert it Cmd/Ctrl + I. We'll start with the edges. Create a new layer and call it "Left Edge." Get the selection of the "Top" layer and Fill (G) it with white. Nudge the selection up and right by 1px and press Delete. Get the Eraser Tool (E) of 70px diameter, 0% Hardness, and click once slightly away from the left corner. Check out the diagram to see what I mean.
Using the same technique, draw a 1px edge at the bottom right on a new layer called "Right Edge." Erase both ends of the line with the Eraser Tool (E).
We'll use the Pen Tool (P) to draw the reflection. Follow the diagram then Fill (G) it with white and set Opacity to 20%.
Keeping in mind realism, we'll add a reflection of itself. Get the selection of "Circle Body" and Fill (G) it with black. Nudge it down just below the body. Set its Opacity to 20%. I know that by right we should be taking the original image instead of using a black one. But sometimes it's good to break the rules to get what you want.
Create a Group called "Body Face", and a new layer inside called "Face." Use the Pen Tool (P) and draw out the following. Remember to align the points with the top metal plate and keep the curve as symmetrical as you can. To draw a straight line, press Shift when creating a new point.
It's time to add reflection and shine to this area like we did for the others. Using the selection method I taught you earlier, create a 1px, white edge on the right of "Face." Use a soft Eraser (E) of approximately 100px and brush the two ends of the line. Set Opacity to 70%. Create a new layer and call this "Dark." Get the selection of "Face" and use a black Linear Gradient (G) and drag it from top to bottom like shown. Then Erase (E) the bottom with 0% Hardness and about 100px. Just go around the edge when brushing, keeping the edge far from the selection so that it looks like that. Then set Opacity to 10%.
Create a new layer called "Brush Shine." Get the selection of "Face" and Brush (B) the top and bottom with white so that the area looks something like that. Then set Opacity to 20%.
After that, create a new layer called "Dark Reflection." Use the Pen Tool (P) and draw the shape shown and Fill (G) it with black. Delete the area outside the selection of "Face" as I've taught earlier. Set the Opacity to 4%. Repeating the process, create a white "Reflection" layer with an Opacity of 10% at the top. You should have something like below.
On to the next section, create a new Group called "Inside", then a new layer called "Frame." You can use either a Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) or Pen Tool (P) to draw the frame of the inside. Use #777777 as the color. Try to keep a consistent width throughout.
Now create a new layer called "Dark Edge" and create a 1px black edge on the left side of "Frame." Set Opacity to 20%. Then create a new layer called "Corner". We'll give this icon an inset look so that it doesn't look so flat. Again, you can either use Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) or Pen Tool (P) to draw this. Use #5c5c5c as the color.
Let's add shadow to it. Create a new layer called "Darkness". Use a black Linear Gradient Tool (G) with transparency to paint in the selection of "Corner." Then set Opacity to 10%.
Now create a new layer called "Inner Body." Draw a rectangle area for the inside with #161616. A quick tip is to use Guides as strategic point to draw objects, and use selection of other layers to deleted unwanted areas. I've inverted the background color for you to see clearly.
Apply this layer style and we are half way there! Dark Inner Shadow and gradient Overlay helps to give a strong depth.
It's time to prepare some change in lighting for the right side of the icon without needing to do the whole part again. Create a new Group called "For Right Side Changes." Create a new layer inside and call it whatever you want, I called it "Darken For Right Side." Make use of previous layers and Fill (G) it with black then set Opacity to 20%.
We need to duplicated a copy of this layer and use it for the right side. First hide the background layer and "Head" group by clicking on the eye icon next to them. Create a new layer and Merge Visible Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E. Enter Free Transform Cmd/Ctrl + T and Flip it Horizontally on the right Reference Point Location by Right Click > Flip Horizontal and dragging the center pivot to the right. Hide the group "For Right Side Changes" and unhide the previous groups and layers.
Create a new Group called "Right" and place the duplicated layer inside it. We have some lighting to add to it. Invert Cmd/Ctrl + I the background and create a new layer called "Floor Shadow." Draw the shadow like so.
Delete the areas of that are touching the icon and set Opacity to 30%. Add a Vector Mask by clicking the icon right the bottom of the layer panel. It looks like a rectangle with a circle in it. Use somewhere around a mid-gray Linear Gradient Tool (G) to fill in the other side of the shadow so that it fades out.
Create a new layer called "Side" and draw a black rectangle as show with either Rectangular Marquee Tool (M) or Rectangle Tool (U). Apply a 5px Gaussian Blur, varying it if you want. Set Opacity to 30% and deleted the areas which are not touching the right side of the icon.
Create a new layer called "Edge Stroke." Draw a white line along the inner edge of the metal ("Corner") using the 1px Line Tool (U). Then use a soft Eraser (E) of about 40px in diameter to erase both ends of the line. Now create a new layer called "Edge Blur." Using either a Rectangular Marquee Tool (M) or Line Tool (U), draw a 1px white line in the center of the screen with the help of a Guide if needed. Then apply Gaussian Blur of 1px and set Opacity to 20%.
Create a new Group called "Rings", another Group inside called "Glass" and a layer inside called "Glass." First we need to do some sketching to get an idea of how our 3D circular tube will look like. Here I'll show you how I get about the outline of the shape using circles, then a Pen Tool (P) to trace the left half of the tube.
Fill the shape with white then cut off the unwanted half of the shape. Duplicate it and flip it to the right then merge it with the other side.
It's time to add reflection and shine, and this is usually the hard part, so I recommend looking around for glasses and tube and see how the reflection and opacity works. First create a new layer called "Top Half Shine." Get the selection of "Glass" and Fill it with white. Nudge the selection down about 10px or half way down the tube. Add a Vector Mask and Brush (B) the edges of the shine so it looks something like so. Use somewhere around 25px in diameter. Set Opacity to 30%. Tip, using Vector Mask helps you to experiment without destroying your image.
Create a new layer called "Upper Top Shine." We'll repeat the process, but with a thinner shine. For this Erase (E) the edges so that it blends in well and set Opacity to 30%.
Create a new layer called "Thick Line." use a Pen Tool and draw a short curve similar to the curve of the tube. Set your brush to 3px in diameter, 100% hardness and white. Stroke the path by using the Pen Tool (P) Right-click > Stroke Path, choose Brush and check Simulate Pressure then click OK. Set Opacity to 30%. You can use Move Tool (V) to move your line if you didn't draw it accurately earlier on.
Create a new layer called "Thin Line." Again use the same technique, but this time with a 1px Brush (B) and without Simulate Pressure. Then either Erase (E) or Mask the two ends of the line and set Opacity to 90%. Apply a 4px white Outer Glow with opacity of 40% for the Layer Style.
We are half way through the reflection. Create a new layer called "Side Shine." Use the Pen Tool (P) to draw a curve shape, following the shape of the tube. Then Right-click > Fill Path with white. Add Vector Mask and start Brushing (B) with a soft brush around the sides of the shine such that it fades in to the bottom and right. Set Opacity to 40%. Get the selection of "Glass" and Invert Selection Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + I then press delete.
Now we'll create the rims/edges of the tube so it doesn't look so flat. Create a new layer and create a 2px, white edge on the left side of "Glass". Then do the same for the right side and merge the two layers together. Set Opacity to 40%. Apply Bevel and Emboss of Size 0px and 100% Opacity for Highlight and Shadow.
We need to prepare another important detail to the tube. Create a new layer called "Green Reflection." Use the selection of "Glass" and Fill (G) the bottom half of the area with #3bf75f. Then add Vector Mask and Brush (B) the top and sides of the area so that it fades in slightly. Set Blending Mode to Linear Dodge (Add) and Opacity to 25%. This will add realsim as the glowing green rings below it will create a reflection on the ring above it.
Now it's time to prepare these images for duplication. We need one glass with the green reflection, so create a new layer in this group then Alt-click the eye icon of the group. Merge Visible Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E. Alt-click the eye again and hide the green reflection then repeat the duplication process. Now do the same without the "Glass", too. So now you should have 3 types of duplicates, glass with green reflection, glass without green reflection, just the reflection but not the green one.
Create a new layer called "One Ring", get the selection of "Glass" and Fill (G) it with #3cf760. Nudge it down by 80px by Shift + down. You can place this in a new group and call it whatever you want. I called mine "1" since it's going to be level 1. Apply these styles for the glow and dimension.
Remember the reflection layer we created earlier on? Duplicate it and place it right over the green ring. Later duplicate the one with green reflection and place it in the center. Duplicate the white glass and you should have this.
Create a new layer called "Shadow" at the bottom of "Rings" group. Use the selection of "Glass" to Fill (G) it with black. Nudge (V) it down by about 15px. Select one half of the shadow and Skew it up so that it touches the side of the tube. In Free Transform Cmd/Ctrl + T mode, Right-click > Skew. You can isolate the selection better by nudging it out of place then back, after selecting it with Rectangular Marquee Tool (M). Do the same for the other half. Duplicate it for three tubes then set Opacity to 20%. Use Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) to delete the areas that are not touching the icon.
We are almost done. We'll add some finalizing details. First, unhide the background layer and the "Floor Shadow" layer in "Right" group. Then create a new layer and Merge Visible Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E. Unhide those layers that you just hid. Create a new layer right at the top and call it "Noise" get the selection of the merged layer and Fill (G) it with 50% gray. Apply 10% Gaussian, Monochromatic Noise under Filter > Noise > Add Noise. Set Blending Mode to Overlay and Opacity to 10%. You can now delete the merged layer. You wouldn't notice much difference, but it helps to create that imperfect look.
Create a new layer just above the background layer and call it "Shadow." Use the Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) to draw something like that, outlining the base of the icon roughly. Apply a 6px Gaussian Blur and set Opacity to 60%. Finally, you are done!
Now that you’ve finished your icon, simply export the icons each with different level by hiding and unhiding the necessary rings.

In total there are 11 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 11 guests (based on users active over the past 30 minutes)
Today with Altenew we are celebrate our unique community. Every day I meet fantastic and talented people, which inspires me so much.
I start my cardmaking life few years ago, until that time I was passionate mixed - media artist and scrapbooker, can you believe? :) But I still love make albums and from time to time I take out box with paints :)
I can still picture that day when I turned out to cardmaker )) I had saw amazing layered stamps by Altenew (Vintage roses set:)) on my friend's project. From that day I could neither eat nor drink I started making cards)) So I can be sure that Sveta and Altenew are my "cardmaker creators")))
For today I prepared a card with my other favorite stamps from Altenew. I colored with Copic markers beautiful flowers from Sketchy Floral Stamp Set, then I stamped and cuted out a biggest frame from the Framed Stamp stamp Set and added colorful sentiment from Crafty Friends Stamp set.
Altenew is giving away a $100 Altenew prize pack to FIVE lucky winners. There are also 13 awesome companies/magazines who are offering the following prizes:
Be sure to leave comments by Friday, October 27th, 2017 at 11:59 PM EDT for a chance to win! 21 WINNERS will be chosen at random from the comments left on all of these blogs listed below and will be announced on the Altenew Card Blog and Altenew Scrapbook Blog on October 28th, 2017
And Giveaway from me. To be able win a 20$ certificate to the altenew shop write below a person who inspired you the most :)
Stunning card design and pretty colors!!!. A cardmaking friend inspired me to share my cards and from there on it became my passion!!!
Galina-I still remember the day I started making cards too! I enjoy it so much because it brings people such much JOY to get a hand made card in the mail!
Beautifully colored card! I've been making cards since 2006 and love finding friends on crafting blogs.
So beautiful. My mom is the first person who inspired me. My family shares a love of all things crafty.
Beautiful card. You all are inspiring. I can’t choose just one. Now I want to sit in my craft room all day and stamp.
The person who inspires me is my mom! She has always beenn very crafty, and she passed on the love for all things craft to me! :-)
Beautiful card,i loved the frame,flowers,sentiment everything..As i am new to card making i find inspiration from all the people that take time and explain how to do them..
I like how you framed the flowers, it really accentuates them. You picked great colors to make the flowers too. Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful card!! Love the frame set! And the person I get inspired by is my daughter, she is always happy and so sweet.
Beautiful card, love the frame idea! Such a fun hop, thanks for sharing and inspiring! I am inspired daily by a lot of crafters out there, to name only one would be impossible! :-)
I can count on one hand my friends in real life and have three fingers left over! LOL I have many online friends though and love visiting with them! Like most Crafter’s they are kind, inspirational and supportive!
The person who inspires me the most is Jennifer McGuire, both because of her original card designs as her encouragements to others and all encompassing kindness.
Beautiful coloring and cards! Kristina Werner is my crafting inspiration! She's amazing. I've been following her since she started her color challenge many years ago. :)
Beautiful card, very whimsical! My inspiration comes from my family (we are a very crafty breed). It sounds cheesy, but they are my favorite people to create with.
I can't pick one person as my main inspiration, there are just too many crafty cardmakers out there!
I have so many that inspire me but thanks to the internet I would have to say Jennifer McGuire is my source of inspiration. However, she introduces me to so many other via her blog.
It’s difficult to list one when there are so many who inspire us to make cards everyday, but if I have pick one it’s going to be Jennifer McGuire! I learn so much from her tutorials everyday that I’ve been spending recklessly buying craft supplies!
Your card is absolutely beautiful and I love your coloring. Thank you for sharing and I hope you have a great week.
Love the color mix you chose on your card and the inside heart sentiment is a beautiful added touch.
What a lovely card. I love how you framed it up with the Altenew frame stamp. Thank you for sharing.
My mom inspires me so much. She's very creative and always comes up with incredible little projects, not all papercrafts, but always really beautiful.
Beautiful card, I really like the frame outside the floral stamps. It certainly is a sharp image than the watercolor card I saw a few blogs back. It's so wonderful and amazing how one persin can add big change or encouragement when we least know it or expect it.
Your card is just so lovely! The soft colors are wonderful and I love the added white accents. Just beautiful!
My Mother. Growing up our house was always in the middle of some kind of craft project. We tried all kinds of things. I still love crafting to this day.
Great card - the frame really ties it all together. Thanks for the opportunity to win such a wonderful prize too!
That is such a hard question but I would have to say the Stampin Up demonstrator who first introduced me to stamping.
LOVE the kiss of soft blue on several of the petals!! WIDA and CHUPA have inspired me most..sadly, they both have stopped blogging their card creations:( I MISS them so!!
Lovely card! I'm inspired when I meet with my friends to craft and I'm, also, inspired by all the talented artists I see on the various blogs. This is a fantastic blog hop for that reason alone!
So pretty! Love the colors you chose and the frame really enhances it. My daughter-in-love inspires me. I have learned so much from her, and she has encouraged me in my "artistic" journey. She is a painter, and does beautiful birds in oil pastels and acrylics, but she has only nice things to say about my projects. Thank you so much.
Beautiful card - love the colors and the frame, which adds so much to the card - I never would have thought to do that. Thank you for sharing your talent and inspiration!
Lovely card! Love how you colored the flowers - very unique. The person who inspires me most is my mother.
Thanks for sharing your inspiration with us! Jennifer McGuire Ink is the stamper who inspired me and taught me how to spread the joy and cheer around to those we love!
Galina,I remember the first time I made a card, it was like a light turned on that had been waiting for so many years. The first person that really inspired me was Debbie Olson. Now there are so many, it would be tough to list them all!
pretty card! When I first worked at a stamp store I have to say it was a stamp company owner and DT that inspired me to teach classes and I couldn't stop!
I just love the use of the frame on this card. It is gorgeous. My mom and her work ethic inspires me the most.
Beautiful flowers!! I'm probably most inspired by my Mum - when we were kids she always kept us entertained with crafty hobbies!
Beautiful card, I love the Sketchy Floral set and how you framed it and the sentiment is perfect! I am inspired by my crafty friend Beth who has always been supportive and encouraging and so helpful!
I love th details on the inside of the card. My dear dear friend Stephanie got me hooked on paper crafts.
I thought about this carefully, and I'd have to say my mother was my biggest inspiration. She was my first example of craftiness. She enjoyed sewing, crocheting, cooking, letter writing, and much more. Everything had her unique style and creativity. I'm sure I got my love for creating from her. Nice to think of that again.
The images on your card are beautiful, and they are set off wonderfully with the frame - so real looking!
The person who inspires me most is my friend Michelle. She fights through the hard stuff of life in a courageous way.
Your framed up scene is just stunning.... it immediately draws you in and the colors are so beautiful together!! Thank you so much for sharing your inspiration with us. :)
I would have to say when I first started card making I watched all of Jennifer Mcguire's videos and learned so much from her, not only techniques but about products. Thank you Jennifer!
Love your copic colouring - soooo pretty! I'm inspired by so many crafters including Laura Bassen, Erum Tasneem and Therese Calvird, to name a few :-)
I've been most influenced and inspired by my mother. Even though I'm the one who introduced her to stamping, she demonstrated creativity to me throughout my life, whether she was sewing, quilting, remodeling, cooking...she was always using her hands and her mind to make something.
Your design is fabulous!love the frame, this is a wonderful piece of art! I believe you and how fortunate are we that Sveta and Altenew put you into card making! I started out as a scrapbooker and have gone back and forth with it, lately life has become hectic and had slowed my crafting a lot, but I enjoy my craft escapades from time to time and I truly enjoy hops like this were so many talented crafters come together! Thanks for all you share!
I had never heard of stamping and cardmaking until my daughter-in-law showed me a Stampin Up catalog, and I was hooked! I so appreciate seeing all the talent from bloggers; it's very inspiring.
Your card is beautiful! I am inspired most by my friend, Andrea. I taught her about paper crafting and she taught me about jewelry making. Now she makes incredible journals and mixed media paintings. She moved away about 5 years ago, but we still call each other and bounce ideas off each other and send pictures back and forth for ideas.
I would have to say Jennifer McGuire is my favorite, but I follow so many blogs. Thanks to the internet these talented individuals can share their work. Fabulous card.
I really love your card and the sentiment in the heart on the inside is perfect. The coloring is stunning. Thank you for sharing your crafty friends journey.
So many people inspire me it is difficult to pick. Your card is lovely. I particularly like how you framed the piece. Have a great day
Fantastic color combination! And the inside is just perfect. I've been and continue to be inspired by many, many people. But my first inspiration was my Mom. She can't create anymore due to macular degeneration. But she continues to inspire me every single day.
Fantastic card!! Love the colors and the beautiful frame :) My main inspiration on crafting is Jennifer McGuire! I can never get tired of watching her videos and wonder how she does everything so perfect, neat and beautiful! :)
The person who inspires me most is my mom. She is caring for my father, but maintains such a positive attitude. I adore her
WOW! When I first saw your card creation I thought it was in a real photo frame! Very Creative, Artistic, Colorful Work of Art! Well Done! Love the White Dot accent. Sweet!
Cute cute cute! Love it! Thank you for sharing your story and for the inspiration. I am so inspired by my crafty friend, Erin, from Erin's Owl nest! I love her creativity and coloring!
What a fabulous theme for a blog hop and I agree: crafty friends are the best! Meeting several in person has been one of my highlights of card-making! My #1 inspirations are my niece and nephew; creating cards/projects for them lets the 'inner child' in me come out! Your card is gorgeous! Thank you for being part of this heart-warming celebration!
This a lovely card. I really like your choice of colors. My grandmother is the one who inspired me as a child with her love of crafting, from crocheting to creating things from everyday items.
Beautiful card. My inspiration is Julie Ebersole and Jennifer McGuire. They are fabulous cardmakers.
Beautiful card! Thank you so much for sharing it! My daughter, who is a graphic designer and who has worked for many well known scrapbooking company's is my inspiration! I have a craft room filled with her beautiful papers and products that she has designed!
My mother and aunt craft as well, and we find inspiration on each other's cards and for sure on blog hops like this one; these are great for finding/try out new techniques, ideas, ...
Wow! What a lovely card! I love this crafting community and the fact that it can bring people together from all over the world. I have "met" some wonderful friends in places like Florida (USA) and even New Zealand! I think the four top names in the crafting world who inspire me are: Christina Griffiths, Becca Feeken, Jennifer McGuire, and Erum Tasneem
This is such a beautiful card! I love how you framed the image with the new frame stamps. It makes the artwork look more finished. I've been making cards for 15+ years now. I get a lot of inspiration from the bloggers online and the beautiful cards they make!
The person who inspired me the most in cardmaking was a lady named Karen who was a teacher at my local stamp store. I was just starting out in this craft and I took some of her classes and was hooked. She was a watercolour artist and the way she was able to bring the images to life was fascinating! Today I follow many artists online including Altenew's family of creators.
Jennifer McQuire is my favorite inspirer. She is one of the first card makers I followed many years ago(I think it was before Collin was born). She is such a great and talented artist and she has such a sweet giving personality.
Company is ...drumroll please...Altenew (the big A) I love, love, love their flowers, sentiments halftone everything. You guys rock.
Love the colours on your card! I've been inspired by so many crafty people since I started scrapbooking and card making many, many years ago! And every time I follow one of these hops, I am inspired by someone new!
To be honest, you're one of the person who inspires me the most , with Svitlana from Craft Walks, Jennifer McGuire, Sandy Allnock and Yana Smakula..... Oh my ! There too many !!! lol !

Find tickets from 45 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Saturday December 8 at 7:30 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 44 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Sunday December 9 at 2:00 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 56 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Friday December 14 at 7:30 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 53 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Saturday December 15 at 2:00 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 55 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Saturday December 15 at 7:30 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 55 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Sunday December 16 at 2:00 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
Find tickets from 56 dollars to Nevada Ballet - Las Vegas on Thursday December 20 at 7:30 pm at The Smith Center in Las Vegas, NV
