This book is powerful in its own way as it gives a voice to the introverts of this world. That is very significant because as many as one-third to half the people in the world are introverts. Introvert refers to the people who prefer listening to speaking, reading to partying; who invent and create but are not likely to present their ideas; who are more productive working on their own rather than in a team. These people are usually labelled as quiet or reserved or even reclusive but they also make many contributions to society — this is evident in art done by van Gogh to the invention of the computer. If, like me and the author you are an introvert, you will find yourself nodding and (silently) agreeing with all that she has written. You will understand her frustration of our extroverted world, and passion for finding balance between the two personality types. This book is actually so convincing and sensible and genuine it should inevitably effect change in schools and offices. It’s also a clever idea to write a book that communicates to introverts – a huge percentage of the reading public – how awesome and undervalued we are. This book is relevant to all, whether you are an introvert or not. Even extroverts have introverts in their life and can gain value from a book that makes sense of their behavior. Overall it’s an examination into the value society places on introverts and the science that makes people more or less outgoing.
Introverts are the quiet and reserved people who do not like to announce to others who they are, how they feel, what they can do or why they are the way they are. Unfortunately, our Western Culture has continuously shoved these people to the sidelines, and chosen to focus on and encourage only extroverts, it is about time that introverts adapt their character and act like extroverts, to be heard and to show the world what they are capable of.
I found this book to be informative in numerous ways. It allowed me to understand myself better, but I was also able to understand the world and society better. It opened my eyes to how society functions as an extrovert ideal and how this in turn affects how introverts experience the world. Before reading this book I was subconsciously aware of the fact that one had to act differently just to fit into the world. Like many other introverts, I also changed myself in order to belong but I did not quite understand why. This leads many introverts to focus on developing their personality rather than their character, because society is personality orientated. Introverts will love this book as it will give them insight into their temperament and how to use this to their advantage. There were also interesting tips for introverts on how to deal with social situations in an effective way. This book will even benefit extroverts as they will be more knowledgeable of why the introverts in their life behave in certain ways and how to react to them. The best part of the book discusses Free Trait Theory and sheds light on why introverts can be extroverts at times and how we are gifted with adaptive personalities. It gives evidence that introverts are not antisocial and that the stereotypes are incorrect. It once again instills introverts with positive attributes and traits that are powerful in our loud world. There may be parts of the book some readers may struggle to understand due to its scientific nature but she does her best to make it understandable for most.
This book is well written and well researched. The author references historic, neuroscientific and literary evidence to prove how, for more than a century, the worth of an extroverted personality has been exaggerated to the disadvantage of invention and efficiency. The author makes a point of bringing to light the hidden and forgotten strengths of introverts. She believes that by informing the world of the power that these quiet people have it will give more introverts the freedom to be themselves. Besides this it will have a beneficial effect on all as it will improve leadership, parenting, relationships, and the work force. She makes a methodical and empirically grounded examination providing excess information that gives one a new perspective of the importance and influence of the introvert trait in various practical social situations. This book reveals how introverts are misunderstood and underestimated in our modern world, recording the rise of extrovert ideal while sharing anecdotal instances of how to use the talents introverts have and especially how to adapt them to various contexts.
Hollie can you please email me at contact me – I seem to have difficulty emailing you at your address. i have had a complaint about your comment on my blog which I want to have a chat. best david
Your message wasn’t delivered to holiegreigjusticee@gmail.com because the address couldn’t be found or is unable to receive email.’
Dear Readers, it is with the utmost urgency that Troll Patrol must warn you about one of the most prolific and potentially dangerous trolls on the internet, particularly Twitter, Janette Scharenborg, nee Meachen. This nasty troll and vampire appears never to sleep and has her hands elbow deep in many putrid pies…whilst orchestrating her minions to do her bidding. This blog will inevitably expose those minions too but my main focus is on the sinister Beast of Beltrum, Scharenborg herself, the capo de tutti capi of organised online chicanery and subterfuge!
I will attempt to piece together the known facts of this…excuse for a person – what you do with them is entirely your business. I have absolutely no objection to this blog being copied or shared online, in fact, I welcome it because Scharenborg really is one of the worst, most tenacious, manipulative and devious trolls you are ever likely to come across. She is also extremely bitter and vindictive. Remember, this is a women who claims to support CSA survivors! By the end of this blog the reader will be left in no doubt that this is clearly not the case.
Before I take you further into the rabbit hole of the Dutch Deceiver l will attempt to define, for the benefit of the newbies out there to e-warfare (and believe me, this is war) what a troll
According to Wikipedia: ‘In Internet slang, a troll is a person who sows discord on the Internet by starting arguments or upsetting people, by posting inflammatory, extraneous, or off-topic messages in an online community with the deliberate intent of provoking readers into an emotional response or of otherwise disrupting normal on-topic …’ What is particularly fascinating to me is not necessarily a trolls aggressive behaviour in trying to sow their seed, but their motive, their agenda – hence the birth of this particular blog.
[My interpretation] A troll is not someone who merely voices their opinion, however forcefully – that would make us all trolls! We are all entitled to our own opinion, surely, offline or online. A troll, I believe, is someone who tries to subvert the truth, more often than not, by inveigling themselves among those in search of it, in order to spread disinformation. A troll will stoop to the lowest of depths to get their warped agenda into the mainframe – without a care in the world for those harmed by said disinformation along the way. Most trolls reside behind the veil of anonymity and have multiple online pseudonyms, (‘sock’ accounts) often answering their own postings in the affirmative in an attempt to lend credence to what it is they have to say.
It is interesting to note that mouth almighty, Janette Scharenborg, never officially tweets under her own name, but she may as well have – her many online personas expose her singular modus operandi – diversion! Scharenborg fits neatly into my definition of a troll, so much so that any updated dictionary term for ‘troll’ ought to carry her photo and include the definition ‘see The People vs Scharenborg.’ To wit, So, have you been ‘Scharenborged’ lately?
More about Scharenborg’s shady history later as this blog inevitably swells with new information gleaned but what we do know is that Scharenborg is an articulate troll, albeit not the brightest we at Troll Patrol have ever come across. It would also appear she is a rather wealthy one too (or is paid extremely well!) flitting backwards and forwards all over Europe in her expensive little motorhome, ‘saving the souls’ of those who would surely be beyond saving were it not for her seemingly benign gestures…and the Scharenborg Sofa treatment. Feeling drowsy love?
What is also known is this: Scharenborg, for reasons yet to be determined, loves to be surrounded by death, doom, and gloom, particularly where children are concerned. I like to read factual murder cases, Ann Rule, a former cop and now prolific author is my favourite because I am interested in the psyche of someone, who, for example, is fine one minute and yet wipes out all of his loved ones the next – but that doesn’t make me the Ian Huntley of the internet, lurking in a chatroom or forum, checking who is saying what to whom whilst appearing overly helpful.
So just what is Scharenborg’s angle? What is really going on here? As I type, Scharenborg is all over CSA cases. Nothing wrong with that, so are thousands of others I hear you cry! True, but Scharenborg goes that one step further, you know, the step that would make any supposedly aware person step the hell back! Never divulge any personal information to her!
Scharenborg, the scab on the underbelly of society, gives off the air that she is concerned about children but that wars with her many [catalogued] scathing comments from her multiple persona’s and her dictatorial, bullying manner. She’s not just a freak, she’s a total control freak. Why does the thriller Misery spring to mind?
Evidence is mounting that Scharenborg is embedded within such discussion groups for the purpose of scoping rather than helping, snitching rather than soothing. I leave it to the reader to decide if she is simply a kind-hearted busybody ‘granny’ with too much time on her hands or something deeper, darker.
FACT Scharenborg is well known to ingratiate herself among abuse survivors across the age range but she turns on them in a sixpence if they pick up the desperate vibes she gives out and wisely choose not to confide in her. So, just what is Scharenborg up to? Who sent her? Who funds her? From where or from whom does she get the finances to travel from one missing child case to the other? Is she connected in any way to Mark Williams Thomas? What’s in it for her? That is the sole purpose of this blog, to ascertain the truth.
Given what I have already typed, the following is deeply concerning. At one stage Scharenborg put herself out there as a surrogate grandmother for other peoples children. In isolation most would think there is nothing wrong with that, that it was merely a benevolent gesture of an elderly, lonely woman who adores children. It’s a fair point. However Scharenborg’s brother, David Meachen is a convicted sex offender who viciously and intentionally maimed a woman with blunt objects which were shoved into her body cavities resulting in her having to wear a colostomy bag – such were the horrific extent of her injuries! Meachen the Monster is believed to still reside with her at her smallholding in Beltrum, Holland, ‘receiving treatment’ but what possible treatment could there be for a monster like that other than a nearby tree and a noose?
Scharenborg bleats that she cannot be held responsible for the vile action of her ‘bro’ but she should be blamed and fully investigated for inviting abuse victims back to her Dutch lair whilst her monster of a brother lives there, for crying out loud!
Scharenborg claims to have been raped from the age of six. If that is true then it is beyond horrendous. Nobody, child or adult should ever have to experience such horrific acts and as far as I am concerned the perpetrators should be strung up and left to swing. I really mean that! But, with so many lies coming out of her face, is what she says really true? If it is true why does she bully other genuine abuse survivors online? This is the red flag part. What Scharenborg would have us believe is that after her horrendous experience that she would then allow her brother, one of the most dangerous rapists out there and one she hadn’t seen in forty years, live with her? In the name of God, please be serious!
Two of Scharenborg’s victims, who themselves are victims of abuse, have reported receiving child abuse links in emails from her! They believe the aim was for them to click on the links, have the abusive images downloaded on their computers and, obviously, be compromised! Why on earth would someone claiming to support child abuse survivors do such a thing? Is it because she is not only on the other side of the child abuse fence but is also a police informer and her role is to try to denigrate the testimonies of genuine survivors?
Whether Scharenborg acts alone in this has yet to be deduced, but it is extremely doubtful. Here is a list of her various online aliases, to name but a few: @just_standing2 @just_standing3 @I_loath_Trolls @kevgreen50
This is the link to the blog which Scharenborg denies she is the author of – except she IS the author!
The Beast of Beltrum pretends to care about abused children but in truth the (sic) disCusting swine doesn’t! Scharenborg’s typical modus operandi in terms of her comments rarely alters from one online persona to another. Her putrid bile is therefore easily recognised in all of her many guises.
If you have had the misfortune to come into contact with this pathetic excuse for a person, feel free comment to this blog in the conventional way, anonymously, if you so choose.
Sympathy vote…..ring a bell anyone? Well these trolls always appear to be on the verge of death, what with CAT scans or this illness and that illness……staring at a bottle of pills…YAWN! Is
that the time? Don’t be fooled by it! Although not the brightest in Beltrum, Scharenborg uses it to particular effect, and often, in an attempt (now a vain one) to garner sympathy and support. It’s hard to determine how many times she has contracted cancer! Her usual trick is to threaten suicide and then use it as a ‘triggering’ exercise to try to dupe vulnerable abuse sufferers to commit suicide!
It’s an unfortunate fact that Scharenborg’s inside is as ugly as her exterior…and that is really saying something! See the recent photo below – does she look like she is on her last bloody legs?
How do such despicable trolls behave when sussed out? They use the ‘They are abusing the abused’ tagline….another attempt at eliciting sympathy to try to throw switched on Twitter users off their rancid scent. It doesn’t take long to scroll through her interminable tweets to get the gist of how she and her fellow co-conspirators operate.
Twitter users are urged to be wary of #TROLLALERT it is Scharenborg & Co ganging up to block and report anyone who rumbles them out or refuses to take part in their online bullying. They usually inbox tweeters and tell lies about other tweeters in order to sew dissension in the ranks. Don’t fall for their bullshit.
Under her many pseudonyms and backed up by her family of under-trolls she writes disgusting lies about others – and cries like a stuck pig when karma comes a-knocking. Her tiresome, typical M.O. is to scream, bleat, spit her dummy out and threaten others outside or her ring with the police, or just recently, Carter Ruck! I am sure the #mccann will not take too kindly to that! The good news is that Saddo Scharenborg cannot help herself nor can she lay off, even for a moment! That is how trolls like her roll – but it is what has proved detrimental to their success at the online grooming of those who have been genuinely abused, thank heavens! In God’s name, given the info here, who on earth would want to spend an evening on the Scharenborg Sofa? GHB and tonic, anyone?
If this blog saves but one person from these evil swines it will have served its purpose. It is absolutely vital that victims of abuse get the support that they deserve….but professional support from properly accredited people…and most certainly NOT warped excuses for humanity like Scharenborg!
Meanwhile keep a very close eye on one Darren Laverty of Anglesea, Wales @drlavertyx @darrenlavertyx More about this aberration of nature, this self-confessed rapist, under title of Beast of Bryn Estyn. Laverty is certainly mentally unhinged. He and Scharenborg appear to have a thing for one another, albeit he appears the submissive one.
Laverty, nicknamed Lavatory for the shit that comes out of his mouth, is a pure bully and a coward of the highest order. When he was stabbed in the past for threatening the life of the wrong person, clearly, he squealed like a stuck pig and rushed back inside his hovel to barricade himself in whilst calling the police! Laverty must have a direct line to the boys in blue, he’s always calling them and grassing good people up.
Thank you for taking the time to read this! Stay safe folks, stay awake and for your own piece of mind, stay well away from Scharenborg and her ilk.
Feel free to share this information across social networks of your choosing. TRYING_HARD? You’re damn right you are Scharenborg – threatening to Carter Ruck anyone who gets too close to the truth – clearly you didn’t learn that when the McCann’s tried to suppress the truth, the truth screams LOUDER!
Scharenborg back-tracking on her threat because everyone, including those at #mccann were laughing at her.
Some content on this page was disabled on July 23, 2015 as a result of a DMCA takedown notice from Janette Scharenborg. You can learn more about the DMCA here:
Scharenborg appears to be the shit-stirring ringleader on Twitter. Will screenshot her tweets and file them for TP for future reference. Have been to Beltrum for a flower festival, some really weird people live there. They do both sex mud wrestling too!
It has been said that other than getting married and having children, buying a home is the most important decision of your life.
Different areas of New Jersey have different customs as far as real estate transactions are concerned. Generally speaking, in most of Central and Northern New Jersey, buyers and sellers of real estate take advantage of the three-day “attorney review” period, which begins once the contract is signed. All Real Estate contracts in New Jersey, if written by a non-lawyer (real estate agent, seller, etc.) are required to have the “attorney review” language included in the contract.
It is best to secure an attorney before you begin looking for a home, so that your realtor knows where to send the contract once it’s signed, and the “attorney review” period can be started and concluded quickly. During the attorney review period, the attorney will be able to amend the contract to remove overly-harsh terms that are usually present in form contracts, as well as being able to tailor the contract to the particular needs of the buyer or seller, such as: contingencies for mortgages, inspections, or the sale or purchase of another home, underground oil tanks, and other issues that can range from lender requirements to short sales.
In addition to my legal expertise, I have created an exceptional team of professionals, including a surveyor, a title company, and inspectors, whom I work with frequently. I have the utmost confidence in their professionalism and abilities in protecting your interests in purchasing a home.
I will be intimately involved with your file, and know all of the details. I handle everything myself. I do not hand you off to a paralegal and only show up to closing. I will represent your interests to ensure that you are protected and confident throughout the entire process.
Having both purchased and sold homes, I know what it is like to be the buyer and seller. As your attorney, I will work diligently to provide you with the best guidance and legal advice as you navigate this most important decision.
If you are thinking of purchasing or selling a home, please telephone me at (732) 444-6406 or write me an email and tell me you’d like to meet about real estate sale.
I pride myself on making legal transactions as quick and painless as possible. I have flexible hours and can meet with you after work, if that is more convenient for your schedule.
The Law Office of Nancy L. Holm, LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company, is a full-service, general practice law firm located in Monmouth County, N.J., and serving clients in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. You can trust our integrity and commitment to your best interests when you have a legal problem. We offer a free consultation and reasonable rates, so that legal representation is available to everyone.
Tagged as buying a home, colts neck, freehold, holmdel, home buyer tips, home buyers, home seller tips, home sellers, monmouth, monmouth county, Monmouth county real estate, new jersey, new jersey real estate, nj, real estate advice, real estate attorney, Real estate lawyer, real estate tips, selling a home, tips for buying a home, tips for selling a home
The articles contained in this blog are for informational and advertisement purposes only. They are the property of Nancy L. Holm, Esq. Nothing contained in this blog should be construed as creating attorney-client privilege between the reader and the Law Office of Nancy L. Holm, LLC.
My FREE workbook makes Estate Planning so easy that you'll wonder why you waited so long. Get your copy at nancy.holm.esq@gmail.com. 2 years ago
This is National Family Week, designed to build community connections and honor those who strengthen families. https://t.co/dnx62a3lDf 2 years ago
My goal is to make estate planning as quick and painless as possible. Call (732) 444-6406 to set up an appointment. https://t.co/ZVWSUhkkWN 2 years ago
With estate planning, you'll know that your family will be cared for when the inevitable happens. https://t.co/ZBrLhVB4TK 2 years ago

1. On 4th October, 1957, the USSR launched its first artificial satellite, sputnik, into space. It marked as the beginning of Space Age.
2. On 3rd November, 1957, first living being in space was a dog named Laika. It was abroad in Sputnik 2.
3. On 12th April l961, Yuri Gasarin, a Russian cosmonaut became the first human in space. He was 27 years old then. He made a 108 - minute flight.
5. On 20th July, 1969, first humans to set foot on the moon were Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin. They were American astronauts.
6. On 23th July, 1980, Pham Tuan became the first Vietnamese in space. He was along with V.V.Gorbotko, a Russian cosmonaut. They stayed 8 days in orbit.
7. On 29th October, 1998, the oldest human every to fly into space was John Glenn, an American astronaut. He was 77 years old.
8. On 15th October, 2003, Yang Liwei became the first Chinese in space, 38 years old. He spent 21 hours in space.

A file that you have uploaded to Wikimedia Commons, File:LOGO GLAM MEXICO.jpg, is a derivative work, containing an "image within an image". Examples of such works would include a photograph of a sculpture, a scan of a magazine cover, or a map that has been altered from the original. In each of these cases, the rights of the creator of the original must be considered, as well as those of the creator of the derivative work.
While the description page states who made this derivative work, it currently doesn't specify who created the original work, so the overall copyright status is unclear. If you did not create the original work depicted in this image, you will need to specify the owner of the copyright.
Please edit the file description and add the missing information, or the file may be deleted. If you created the original content yourself, enter this information as the source. If someone else created the content, the source should be the address to the web page where you found it, the name and ISBN of the book you scanned it from, or similar. You should also name the author, provide verifiable information to show that the content is in the public domain or has been published under a free license by its author, and add an appropriate template identifying the public domain or licensing status, if you have not already done so. Please add the required information for this and other files you have uploaded before adding more files. If you need assistance, please ask at the help desk. Thank you!
Your photos at Category:Salvador Velez Garcia phonographs are WONDERFUL! Thank you very much! Themfromspace (talk) 17:17, 29 August 2011 (UTC)
File:BirraTacosEncarnacion.jpg has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
It seems to say 1925, not 1923, and it really can't be under a CC license. AnonMoos (talk) 02:56, 4 October 2011 (UTC)
Hi AlejandroLinaresGarcia, pleaase have a look at Commons:Village_pump#Autorotation_using_EXIF_tag_with_MW_1.18. Apparently you do rotate your images using a computer software which does not handle the EXIF tag correctly. The EXIF tag still says that the image needs to be rotated but in fact your image was rotated already. This lead to the wrong orientation in the oldest file version at File:SagradaFamiliaSanJuan04.jpg and File:SagradaFamiliaSanJuan05.jpg (see on bottom of the page). Cheers --Saibo (Δ) 03:39, 5 October 2011 (UTC)
I use Microsoft Picture manager and have since I began to upload images. Could those last pics be flukes?AlejandroLinaresGarcia (talk) 00:32, 6 October 2011 (UTC)
Hi again, thanks for your comment. The fast that it worked without problems in the past doesn't mean anything since our software (in the servers) was updated with a new "feature" which rotates the uploaded photos based on the rotation information specified by the photo's EXIF data (which was written by your photocamera).
Your program used to rotate is a bit "thumb" (or "old school") since it doesn't care for the EXIF tag after rotating. See: en:Windows_Photo_Gallery#Bugs, artslant.com, picasa discusion, technet.microsoft.com. Maybe we change our server software again since many users have the problem you've encountred. But anyway: you personally will get problems with your files rotated by those programs in the future since probably more and more programs will support EXIF rotation in the future (maybe you can turn it off in some). Cheers --Saibo (Δ) 01:57, 7 October 2011 (UTC)
Hi again Alejandro, maybe you noticed the rotate link below each image. You can use it to correct. You could also upload your files directly out of your camera - probably they will not need rotation then since your camera sets the EXIF Orientation tag correctly. Cheers --Saibo (Δ) 16:59, 18 October 2011 (UTC)
File:MariaLuisEspinozaPostcard.jpg seems to be free (or it would be proposed for deletion), but it was identified as having a wrong license. Usually, it is because a public domain image is tagged with a free license, or because the stated source or other information is not sufficient to prove the selected tag is correct. Please verify that you applied the correct license tag for this file.
A complete list of your uploads is in your upload log. If you would like exploring your uploads on a visual basis Special:MyUploads (there are some missing) or Gallery tool might be interesting.
Thank you for your contributions and happy uploading. Sincerely -- RE rillke questions? 22:16, 9 November 2011 (UTC)
Some of your uploads seem to have wildly incorrect or very strange claims. For example File:BriningInPrisoners1914.JPG (which I have edited to make somewhat less absurd). If you are not the author of a photograph, you do not get to claim you are the "author". If you did not take the photo, the person who took the photo is not "self". If you are not the copyright holder, you cannot license the image as your own work. Please correct any images with mistatements you may have uploaded. This is important! If you have questions about using Wikimedia Commons you can't find an answer to, please ask! Thanks. -- Infrogmation (talk) 03:07, 3 December 2011 (UTC)
File:MariaLuisEspinozaPostcard.jpg has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
This is a beautiful old photo. It may well be in the public domain for some reason or another. If there was accurate honest information maybe that could be determined. I don't believe you were the author of this photo and it is from 2011. Infrogmation (talk) 03:12, 3 December 2011 (UTC)
File:CampesinoZapatista1914.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:CarmenRobles1913.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:LaPorra1912DF.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:Refresco1913.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
A file that you have uploaded to Wikimedia Commons, File:LaPorra1912DF.JPG, was missing information about where it comes from or who created it, which is needed to verify its copyright status. The file probably has been deleted. If you've got all required information, request undeletion providing this information and the link to the concerned file ([[:File:LaPorra1912DF.JPG]]).
File:DiazFoxMODO36.JPG has been marked as a possible copyright violation. Wikimedia Commons only accepts free content—that is, images and other media files that can be used by anyone, for any purpose. Traditional copyright law does not grant these freedoms, and unless noted otherwise, everything you find on the web is copyrighted and not permitted here. For details on what is acceptable, please read Commons:Licensing. You may also find Commons:Copyright rules useful, or you can ask questions about Commons policies at the Commons:Help desk.
The file you added has been deleted. If you believe that the deletion was not in accordance with policy, you may request undeletion.
Wikimedia Commons takes copyright violations very seriously and persistent violators will be blocked from editing.
File:DiazFoxMODO35.JPG has been marked as a possible copyright violation. Wikimedia Commons only accepts free content—that is, images and other media files that can be used by anyone, for any purpose. Traditional copyright law does not grant these freedoms, and unless noted otherwise, everything you find on the web is copyrighted and not permitted here. For details on what is acceptable, please read Commons:Licensing. You may also find Commons:Copyright rules useful, or you can ask questions about Commons policies at the Commons:Help desk.
File:DiazFoxMODO29.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:DiazFoxMODO20.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:DiazFoxMODO21.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:DiazFoxMODO22.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:DiazFoxMODO27.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.

Sometimes we want to cook something special but have no idea what that is. We want to cook what everyone else is cooking, but how would we find those trendy recipes? Where can I find food trends? Obviously, on the Internet, but where exactly?
You wouldn’t dream of going out to a social event without getting dressed up. Who doesn’t want to be presented looking their best for a big occasion?
Sweet Blueberry Pecan Squares By Ann These Sweet Blueberry Pecan Squares have a sweet, creamy filling layer, graham cracker crust and delicious pecan topping. Simple to make, these Sweet Blueberry Pecan Squares are a perfect colorful, and delicious, dessert for any occasion. Prep Time: 15 minutes Co…
Almond &qout;Doughnut&qout; Cookies Recipe These are fun, easy to make cookies that are just different enough to be interesting, without being odd. They are great for little hands that may have trouble grasping a larger cookie or dessert. They pack well in lunchboxes and are great for an after meal sweet, or …
These cupcakes are made from a doctored up cake mix. Topped with homemade buttercream icing with Pikachu shaped ears, tail, and red cheeks.
Summer recipes often include meals that require no cooking. This round up features salads, sandwiches, desserts, and even appetizers that don’t need heat!
Tuna is such a tasty and versatile fish; it can be used in many delicious dishes and this tuna salad with asparagus, olives and tomatoes is no exception.
This Lemon Ricotta Pound Cake from Dinners, Dishes, and Desserts is the perfect treat. Super moist lemon pound cake is topped with a tart lemon glaze!
Poultry is simple to prepare, budget-friendly and delicious. Here are some ideas for your dinner table this weekend
No time for a healthy breakfast? Try these acai and blueberry breakfast bars! These bars have all the goodness of a bowl of porridge but in a portable form. Don’t be put off by the list of ingredie…
Salsa Verde Pulled Pork Avocado Toasts are perfect for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! Boneless pork shoulder smothered with salsa verde and slowly cooked. Then topped with cheddar cheese, avocado, and fresh cilantro is a win all summer long! Ten years. Yep, yep. Mr. B and I will celebrate our ten year wedding anniversary this September. …
If you like this post, support our efforts by letting us know in comments which recipes you are interested in, or have already tried.
If you would like to have your recipe featured in our daily post, send us a request to info@boxroundup.com for consideration (pending approval, fees apply).
2. Drill holes in the crosspiece for the eyebolts. Drill and countersink the two holes for the wood screws that hold the crosspiece to the body.
4. If you can’t find a rubber band long enough for the launcher, you can loop several smaller ones together.
7. Take apart the clothespin and screw the bottom half to the body. Be careful to drill and countersink these screws so you don’t split the clothespin. Reassemble the clothespin.
8. Load a pingpong ball and you’re ready to launch. If the clothespin is to weak to hold the rubber band, wrap another rubber band around the gun to strengthen it.
Important Note: Please only upload photos of your project. Because of privacy rules, we can't post any photos that show people's faces. Always ask for your parent's permission before uploading anything to a website.
We made these today for our den activity. Boys loved it! Thank you for the great idea! 16 running lose now in the neighborhood. 🙂
I think using a loose rubber band on the clothespin will allow for a more trigger-like release from the bottom. Golf balls seem like it would be more efficient.

From concept and design , through manufacture and onto installation and commissioning Concrete Wetcast are able to offer a professional, unbiased and independent review of your proposal or project. With experience stretching back over 30 years and having been responsible for some of the most advanced wetcast manufacturing facilities in the industry the Concrete Wetcast team will be pleased to use their experience acting as your consultants.

Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.

Alvin and his wife Tracey came in to Legacy Dodge looking for a vehicle with great fuel economy that would also be safe in the winter. Jeff Batchelor helped them find the perfect fit; the Jeep Compass 4×4! Now Tracey will have a great vehicle for summer fun and safety in the winter!Welcome to the Legacy family Alvin and Tracey!

DESCRIPTION: (Bruton BRE1) Original UK Library LP featuring lighthearted cues for children and animation.(Small,neatly repaired tear at opening of the cover)
DESCRIPTION: (Eumig 930077/6) Original Austrian pressed 48 track LP.Features sound effects and small music pieces for use with home movies.
DESCRIPTION: (Vox DL130) Original UK LP complete with 24 page book.Housed in 12 inch box. A comprehensive course in the principles of Audio, with tests for Frequency response, Intermodulation, resonances. Written and produced by Tyler Turner and narrated by Arthur Hannes. (Heavy packaging - 3 x LP shipping rate applies)
DESCRIPTION: (New Production Library NPL7051)..Scarce Library lp..Produced by Mort Ross and Richard Loth.

I took this photo in back of the Holly Street Power plant in Austin Texas. I really like the contrast of the sky against the graffiti on the wall. The HDR process can add a lot of darkness to clouds. In this photo I like the effect although I did keep it at a minimum. The dark strip at the top of the photo really looked that way. There had been thunderclouds moving through the area. The dumpster adds a nice touch to the desolation of the image. To me, the plant looks like a robotic enemy rising above the skyline. I hope you enjoy it!

Learn to conduct, write, and publish systematic reviews and meta-analyses from experts in the field of dental research, including the editor of the Journal of the American Dental Association.
This workshop is SOLD OUT. To be placed on a waiting list for this workshop, or to receive updates about future workshops, please email ebd@ada.org.
“Very organized course—it is very hard to condense that much information in a very limited time and teach such a diverse group of people. Speakers are very knowledgeable, energetic, willing to teach, and very patient.”
“It is obvious that each of [the speakers] have put a lot of work into [their] topics and [their] efforts paid off. [The] presentations were excellent and helped to put together a great 2½ days.”
In a world where clinicians and patients are drowning in information, high-quality evidence summaries that follow a systematic approach to identify, select, appraise, and synthesize the research landscape have become an essential tool for clinical decision-making. Unfortunately, many systematic reviews lack the rigor needed to provide trustworthy evidence, and carrying out such research on one's own requires mastery of a number of methodological and statistical strategies.
The purpose of this interactive workshop is to arm clinicians and researchers with the skills they need to better understand primary studies and the principles of the systematic review methodology—skills that will make it possible to effectively conduct and publish high-quality systematic reviews of therapeutic interventions.
Of note for international applicants: The course is offered only in the English language; no simultaneous interpretation is provided.
Full refunds are possible up to four weeks before workshop (October 11). A partial refund of 50% is available after that.
Participants are encouraged to book a hotel room near ADA headquarters, which is located at 211 E Chicago Ave., Chicago, IL 60611. Discount lodging is available in this area to ADA members through the ADA's Chicago Hotel Program.
Romina Brignardello-Petersen, D.D.S., M.Sc., Ph.D., is a postdoctoral research fellow in the Department of Health Research Methods, Evidence, and Impact at McMaster University as well as a lecturer in the Faculty of Dentistry at the University of Chile. She holds a master's degree in biostatistics from the University of Chile. Dr. Brignardello-Petersen is associate editor for the Journal of the American Dental Association series Clinical Scans. She is also the author and coauthor of numerous publications, including the Journal of the American Dental Association series “A Practical Approach to Evidence-Based Dentistry."
Alonso Carrasco-Labra, D.D.S., M.Sc., Ph.D.(c), is a dentist who obtained his D.D.S. from the University of Chile. He also obtained a master's degree in clinical epidemiology from McMaster University. Currently he is a Ph.D. candidate in Health Research Methodology at the same institution, under the supervision of Dr. Gordon Guyatt. Since 2015, Dr. Carrasco-Labra has served as director of the ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry. He is a member of the Cochrane Patient Reported Outcome Methods Group, Applicability and Recommendation Methods Group, Wounds Group, the Oral Health Group, and the GRADE Working Group. Dr. Carrasco-Labra is an author of a series of 10 articles published in the Journal of the American Dental Association titled “A Practical Approach to Evidence-Based Dental Practice" and is a co-author of the Users' Guide to the Medical Literature (3rd edition, JAMA).
Michael Glick, D.M.D., serves as the editor of the Journal of the American Dental Association, a position he has held since 2005. He is professor and past dean of the School of Dental Medicine at the University at Buffalo, State University of New York. Dr. Glick has authored more than 300 journal publications, book chapters, and editorials, and he has edited and co-edited 10 books.
Kelly O’Brien, M.L.I.S., is an informationist at the ADA Library and Archives. In this role, she provides expert searching and reference assistance to ADA members and staff, including in the development of systematic reviews and clinical practice guidelines. She holds a master of library and information science from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.
Lauren Pilcher, M.S.P.H., is a research assistant at the Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry, where she specializes in clinical practice guideline methodology and evidence synthesis. She holds a master of science in public health from Meharry Medical College.
Malavika Tampi, M.P.H., is a manager at the ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry. She has been with the ADA since 2013, and in her current role, she leads the team in systematic review and clinical practice guideline methodology. She has authored three systematic reviews and three clinical practice guidelines and is looking forward to collaborating on an upcoming systematic review with Cochrane Oral Health. She is a member of the GRADE Working Group and the Guidelines International Network and holds a master of public health from the University of Michigan.
Olivia Urquhart, M.P.H., is a research assistant at the ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry, where she specializes in clinical practice guideline methodology and evidence synthesis. She is a member of the GRADE Working Group and the Guidelines International Network and holds a master of public health in epidemiology from Emory University.
ADA CERP is a service of the American Dental Association to assist dental professionals in identifying quality providers of continuing dental education. ADA CERP does not approve or endorse individual courses or instructors, nor does it imply acceptance of credit hours by boards of dentistry.
Download Free PDF eBook of 4000 Essential English Words 5 - Paul Nation & Fidel Cruz. 4000 Essential English Words is a six-book series that is designed to focus on practical high-frequency words to enhance the vocabulary of learners from high beginning to advance levels. The series presents a variety of words that cover a large percentage of the words that can be found in many spoken or written texts. Thus, after mastering these target words, learners will be able to fully understand vocabulary items when they encounter them in written and spoken form.
Each unit presents 20 words which are defined and used in sample sentences. The activities in the books are designed to present the words in different uses so that learners can fully see how they can be utilized. Also at the end of each unit there is a story whch contains the unit's target words to give learners further examples of the words in use. Each level properly prepares the learner for the next which progressively challenges the learner with more sophisticated vocabulary and stories.
(6) Free downloadable supplemental audio recordings of target word lists and stories to aid in listening and pronunciation
Targeted Age Group: 30-60 Have you ever awoken to find you’ve contracted a devastating disease that ended life as you knew it forever? Lisa did …multiple times. After surviving four different cancers, she hit the final wall when a life-threatening autoimmune took over. Exhausted and discouraged … [Read more...]


RD384 (Published 2017) - Summary of Training Center Expenditures for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017
Quarterly accounting of the costs to operate and maintain each of the three existing training centers. [Q1 FY 2018]

Germany live results on football. Here you will find everything online football results of matches for yesterday, today, tomorrow by means of which it is possible to monitor changes of the table of the championship on football. The full schedule football matches Germany is on the homepage for today. Each standings on football consider everything online matches Germany and show as their results influence an arrangement of teams at present. If you just want to learn when to look at football, the schedule of games Germany it is specified the week ahead.
On our portal the full football schedule for fans and experts is collected. There is information as about broadcasting online football of matches Germany, and about football of team Germany. According to all teams players football have the statistics on goals, assist and cards which we conduct taking into account each game.

Company Drivers stable company great opportunities consistent freight Owner Operators earn up to $.97 per mile Incentive bonus increase - call for details Company Drivers earn up to $.405 per mile Optional per diem - after 90 days Great home time plan 99% no touch freight Pet policy Rider policy Excellent benefits package Average 1,200 miles per trip Additional pay for Hazmat loads Safety, mileage and referral bonuses small fleets welcome REQUIREMENTS To be qualified for employment at SRT you must: 1. Have a current license Class A CDL 2. Have at least 1 year OTR experience 3. Be at least 23 years old 4. Have a good driving record 5. Pass DOT drug screen and physical requirements and meet or exceed all other federal, state, insurance and company policies, rules, or regulations for qualification. DOT To experience bonus BETS_ARC_Setter BACH_a33d1a driving per per MYK62683JR
Members of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity at Wayne State University have been suspended now that a young man has come forward claiming that he was beaten so severely his urine turned red and he was hospitalized for two weeks from kidney failure. Continue
If you’d like to add a patio to your back yard, add character to your garden, turn plain concrete stairs or sidewalks into something beautiful, or build an entire outdoor living area for your home, I’m the one for the job.
To me, stone masonry is an art, not just a trade and a way to make a living. I’m passionate about stone- which sounds like a simple marketing exaggeration, but when I was in middle school my friends made fun of me for getting excited about geology. I take serious pride in working with my hands and creating lasting functional beauty for my clients.
I grew up in the masonry industry working in the family business, learning all the skills necessary to create quality, lasting work. I started laying stone when I was just about 14 years old, learning about cuts and fits, and all the details that make stone beautiful instead of just functional.
If you know exactly what you want, that’s great! And if not, I can lead you through the design process, help you choose from the various types of stone, construction options, and functional aspects of the project. Stone masonry is a beautiful world, and I’d love to bring it to your home!
Still around, but two of us are getting ready for Uni and our third contributor has had no internet for the past few weeks – we’ll try to keep this alive, but keep an eye on the blogs that Sims and I have set up separately (listed below).
We reserve the right to remove you from any campaign at any time if we think you are not honest, or spam the forum.
If your rank changes during the campaign, you must contact the campaign manager, Trugad in a bitcointalk PM.
Using multi-accounts, cheating and spamming are not allowed. It will result getting all of your accounts permanently banned from the campaign.
At final calculation of points in each campaign the rating system will be used. TOP-40 receive additional points, depending on the place in rating.
• Twitter account must be original. Inactive account or account with fake followers will not be accepted.
• Facebook account must be original. Inactive account or account with fake followers will not be accepted.
• You must not discuss bounty topics in the telegram group. Please keep all bounty conversations to this thread only or PM Trugad in telegram.
• The task of participants is to give a constructive answers on others members’ questions, to provoke activity in chat if it “sleeps”, if you have an opportunity – invite people to chat, share your positive opinion about the project.
• At the end of the week Telegram-manager will appreciate your activity in chat. The maximum award a participant may receive is 70 stakes in a week, it’s a 10 stakes daily.
• To proof your ownership of the blog you must add your bitcointalk profile link to your blog posts footer.
• Put the following links at the end of the article and in the video descriptions (if you didn’t use them before):
• After being accepted and completing the translation, post in this thread with a link to the translated thread.
• For moderation will only be counted constructive posts (100 and more chars) from the user who reserved a language.
A single post dead thread is useless for the Project and will not be accepted. We expect from the translators to take the responsibility to moderate their threads by keeping them active with translated official announcements, news and updates regularly. If a translator just posts the thread and leaves it dead, with no updates, he will either be disqualified or have his reward reduced by 50%. There are additional Rewards for active Moderation. So it is paid work.
← Previous Previous post: [BOUNTY]🚀AKAIITO🚀 – use cryptocurrency in Your every day life❤️ 3% UP TO $900K

When Cleaning Windows! Use a Holy Moly Glass Cleaning Cloth. This will cut your cleaning time in half. September 10, 2018

© 2018 KPMG Tax and Legal Advisers, a Belgian civil CVBA/SCRL and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative ("KPMG International"), a Swiss entity. All rights reserved.

Corrections about details of this institutions should be sent to Christian Zimmermann. Corrections about the member listing should be made by the members themselves by adjusting their affiliations at the RePEc Author Service. Adding or correcting alumni is done at the RePEc Genealogy by anyone with a RePEc author account. Serials from this institution can be added with the Publisher-Institution: RePEc:edi:dbmscus line in the series template of their RePEc archive. If there is no local RePEc archive, follow these instructions to create one to have the local publications listed on RePEc services.

I bought this pen because I'm going to switch the desktop to a division that has no cable network connection and wanted a cheap solution.
The installation was simple (CD that accompanies the pen) and after restarting the PC appeared on the taskbar the network icon just like a laptop.
I did a speed test and got 40MB (unfortunately I think it's the maximum my router gives because the smartphone is my box I have the same speed) with the router extremely close. Since I'm going to stay relatively close, I do not think I'll have any problems.
With the points neither 2 € cost what is very good compared to other solutions that are in Portuguese shops as worten and others.

What could be the reason for the error in the attached screenshot? One node was loaded to the system and Simatic NET OPC server was installed after this.


The USC Trojans jumped out to a 33-6 lead 11 minutes into the first half of their exhibition game Friday (Nov. 4) vs. Cal State Dominguez Hills in front of 1,137 fans at the Lyon Center on the USC campus, and cruised to a 97-84 victory.
Junior Lodrick Stewart paced the Trojans with 19 points and six rebounds and sophomore Gabe Pruitt added 18 points. Both guards hit four of six from beyond the three-point stripe. As a team, USC connected at a 62 percent clip from three-point range, hitting 13 of 21.
Freshman guard Ryan Francis scored 12 points on 4 of 7 shooting and led the Trojans with seven assists. Fellow freshman Jeremy Barr, a 6-8 forward, also scored 12 points by going 4 of 5 from the field and 4 of 6 from the line.
Cal State Dominguez Hills junior forward Mario Malave led all scorers with 26 points on 10 of 18 shooting.
The Trojans shot 59.3 percent from the field for the game and led 49-27 at the break. Cal State Dominguez Hills shot only 30 percent in the first half, but hit 55.2 percent of their second half shots to close the gap.
The Trojans are 1-0 in exhibition play and will host CS San Bernardino on Sunday, Nov. 13 at the Lyon Center in their final preseason contest, before opening up the regular season vs. CS Northridge on Nov. 20 at the Sports Arena.
Stanford, Calif. - Stanford football head coach Jim Harbaugh, along with players Kris Evans and Tim Mattran, will participate in the weekly Stanford Football Press Conference on the Stanford campus this Tuesday, November 6. A live webcast of the press conference that begins at 11:30 am, PT, and audio and video clips following the event will both be available online at gostanford.com.
Stanford (3-6, 2-5 Pac-10) will try to snap a two-game losing streak with a contest at Washington State (3-6, 1-5 Pac-10) this Saturday, November 10 (3:30 pm, PT). The game will be televised live by Fox Sports Net Bay Area and Fox Sports Net Northwest with Brian Davis, Todd Husak and Jason Stiles on the microphones. Stanford's audio account of the contest featuring Dave Flemming and Bob Murphy in the booth with Mike McLaughlin on the sidelines can be heard live on KNBR 1050 AM and from a Yahoo! Sports link at gostanford.com.
A recent photo release from famed Filipino photographer Raymond Saldaña made the rounds of social media today that shook pageant fans and pundits around the world for it showcased yet again the alluring beauty of Miss Universe 2018 frontrunner Catriona Gray!

A big problem for me is that with my ongoing lack of strength and flexibility I’m having trouble cleaning my home. Right now the biggest challenge is the bathtub. Does anyone have suggestions on a product that I can simply spray on, wait a while and rinse off that actually does the job? Or another way to clean it that doesn’t require crouching down and scrubbing, both of which I can’t do anymore.
Is there a place here where we can exchange helpful tips on working around or adapting to the challenge of RA when it comes to necessary chores? Thanks for reading.
Hello. I am a bath fan and yes i understand what you are saying. My hands don’t seem to scrub effectively and everything looks the same after i have cleaned it. I purchased a chargeable operated scrubber. It’s not brilliant but it is better than me, it’s great for the bath though.
It has 3 attachments to do different things. I also found a grout cleaner that is good around taps etc another spot i was to put it mildly ineffectual. Good luck. I would give you a link to it but i am in Tasmania, Australia and i am sure there is something similar for you.
My husband bought hose end sprayers that attach to the shower that helps with rinsing, etc. If I rinse the tub/shower daily the soap scum doesn’t build up. Also, there are products, such as Clean Shower, you can spray on tile walls or the tub after each shower to help keep them clean and decrease how often things need to be deeper cleaned. I also like Scrubbing Bubbles. Spray it on and let set a couple of minutes. None of these are as good as a good scrubbing, but helpful.
While I was still working, I did pay to have someone come in once a month to clean the bathrooms and mop the kitchen floor. Amazing! Unfortunately, not an option for many people.
The hose and sprayers sound a good idea. It’s such a specific thing that hurts isn’t it? And that can change. I did my shower once with a garden kneel pad and my wrists that are weak gave way as I tried to get up. It has made me cautious how I go about things.
Hi Introvert. Trouble with cleaning certainly is not an uncommon problem in the community. Seems like you have gotten a lot of good feedback from Jane and Jo J (it is always great to see how community members try to help each other out). While these suggestions are broad based, thought you might be interested in this article which compiled thoughts from the community on handling chores and errands: https://rheumatoidarthritis.net/living/community-tips-chores-errands/. Best, Richard (RheumatoidArthritis.net Team)
Indonesia’s economic growth reached 5.8 percent in the first semester of this year or higher than 4.3 percent in the corresponding period last year, Minister of Finance Agus Martowardojo said on Monday.
The economic growth in the second semester of this year is projected to reach 6.9 percent so that the growth rate in the whole year is expected to rise to 6 percent, he said.
The finance minister made the remarks at a hearing with members of the budget agency of the House of Representatives in Jakarta. The meeting was also attended by Bank Indonesia governor Darmin Nasution, according to the kompas.com news portal


TYRA Banks needs security for a really good reason – to carry her doggie bag to the car. The diva dined at Cafeteria in Chelsea on Thursday, where a Page Six source noticed her leaving. “She took her leftovers in a doggie bag,” said the tipster, “and she handed it to her security guard/driver, who was standing next to the table. He followed behind her carrying the food out.”

I gave this game five stars because it’s fun easy and I really like basketball. I also like this game bc when it’s cold outside I can’t really go out and shoot some hoops I can on the game and shot some hoops and learn new strategies on how to shoot a basketball ❤️😍😍 I give this game
I love flappy dunk it’s sooo fun and I had I since 2013-2018 and I am so happy you created this game I play it 10 times a day in a week and I am happy to play this fun game
I really love this game It’s just you should be able to have 3 times to try in a game but otherwise it is really amazing!.
This game is very good in bugs and also glitches and lags . This company is very good for me and I play a lot of games of voodoo and I like it!.Im a good respectful and kind person . I never say any bad things to people so I will take care of the problems of the game. Problems The problems don’t make me angry and I will try to not get angry with ads and some stuff . I would like to say that one of my greatest companies in the whole wide world is this. I am the son of the CEO of fortnite battle royale. As you can see I am famous and I like to enjoy with friends in fortnite and the fortnite company is Epic games. It is very good company and voodoo I think is the kind of same workings as epic games . Voodoo will be supported by my father and my father the CEO of fortnite will transfer voodoo 4.9 million dollars . I’m not lying . I’m a truthful person . Thank you Voodoo!
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar Motivation contains a set of inspirational thoughts and sayings that will urge you to take daily action or if you just need a little dose of “pick me ups" throughout the day. These quotes will guide and inspire you for any occasion! Set many daily reminders for yourself and share the uplifting quote of the day with your friends and family, or use the image for Instagram or as a wallpaper. Motivation contains hundreds of quotes with deep and rich meanings, with a continuous stream of new ones added daily! + Read through Hundreds of Quotes + Find motivational books + Save or Share your Quote of the day + Set Motivational Reminders throughout the day And now with Motivation Premium you can: + Remove Ads + Save your Favorite sayings + Change Font and Colors + Filter Quotes by Category + Set Background Photo + Search Quotes To have access to the Motivation Premium content and functionality, you can choose between a lifetime, monthly and yearly auto-renewable subscription. This is a recurring transaction that will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase and will automatically renew unless you cancel it at least 24 hours before the end of your subscription. Renewals will be charged the same cost within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can manage your subscriptions and auto-renewal can be turned off by going to your iTunes Account Settings after purchase. Privacy Policy: http://monkeytaps.net/privacypolicy.htm Terms of use: http://monkeytaps.net/termsofservice.htm

Systematic Metaphor Analysis in drug taking narratives This paper deals with cognitive metaphor theory linked to corpus linguistics: the systematic metaphor analysis. The author collected narratives of drug takers from autobiographic interviews and written texts from the web. The selected Hungarian narratives deal with the experience of drug taking. Based on the embodied hypothesis of conceptual metaphor theory and by the systematic metaphor analysis two main topics were defined: I. Substantial changes in the embodiment, II. Perceptual changes in space, time, and movement. The different drugs (heroin, party drugs, marijuana) had different source concepts. These source concepts were investigated and compared to alcohol use expressions, and drug use expressions from the 70s and 90s. With the help of this study we can learn more about the embodiment hypothesis and about the phenomena of drug taking

For a new line of CT Scanners, General Electric identified the key customer requirements (CTQ) as; Image quality, Speed, Software reliability, and Patient comfort. To achieve all of these requirements would require leading-edge technology and a discipline DFSS (Design For Six Sigma) approach.
The design team implemented a disciplined DFSS IDOV systems approach. 90 system CTQs were carefully gathered via VOC activities, identified and translated into specifications. 33 Six Sigma DMAIC or DFSS projects and studies were commissioned. Rigorous system and parts scorecards were used to track progress and roll-up capabilities. As the projects evolved, the team utilized various robust design tools and developed:
Typically, DFSS has provided at least a one sigma gain in quality at launch over previous designs. This is a major improvement over other methodologies. Additionally, DFSS conservatively decreases time to market by at least 25%. A more typically seen reduction in time to market is 25%-40%. Cost savings due to total resources utilized, which is highly correlated to time, is in the 20%-40% range.
The results of the DFSS efforts yielded; Better image quality for earlier & more reliable diagnoses, Much faster scanning, Clinical productivity up 50%, 10x improvement in software reliability, Patient comfort improved with shorter exam time, Development time shortened by 2 years, Higher market share and significant profit margins.
*Additional details are available for the General Electric CT Scanner projects. Please contact Air Academy Associates for additional details.

electric oven igniter luxury gas stove and electric oven gas oven hotpoint gas stove electric Roper Dryer Wiring Diagram Cub Cadet Wiring Diagram

It was assigned to Proetida by Sepkoski (2002); and to Bathyuridae by Fortey and Droser (1999) and Jell and Adrain (2003).
It was assigned to Proetida by Sepkoski (2002); and to Bathyuridae by Neuman and Bruton (1974) and Jell and Adrain (2003).

For session 70, we will read “Positively shaping the development of artificial intelligence” by Robert Wiblin.
"Electronic Commerce Success Theory: A Proposed Model for Supply Chain " by Lori N.K. Leonard and Timothy Paul Cronan
Electronic commerce and supply chain management are becoming more interlinked everyday. The assumed benefits of electronic commerce (reduced costs, improved customer service, etc.) are understood to exist in supply chain management when electronic commerce is applied across that medium. The question becomes whether these assumed benefits are real benefits. This paper proposes an electronic commerce success model using an application of electronic commerce, supply chain management. The model incorporates the supply chain, its members and functions, and electronic commerce success measures. Future research should seek to test the proposed model, measuring electronic commerce success given the supply chain member and its function.
A recent analysis of the Victorian Cancer Registry melanoma data from 1985 to 2015 shows that the rate of melanoma continues to increase between 0.5 and 1 % each year.
The Australasian College of Dermatologists is calling on all Australians to implement sun protective behaviours and watch for changes in skin spots that may indicate skin cancer.
“Previous research by Australian dermatologists has shown that too many Australians are not using sufficient sun protection,” says Associate Professor Chris Baker, President of the ACD.
“We need to remember the slip, slop, slap, slide and seek shade message. It has been 30 years since the first sun protection campaign. We still have work to do as melanoma rates continue to rise.”
“One of the major risk factors for melanoma is sunburning. The other risk factors include a family or personal history of melanoma, having multiple moles and having fair skin and having red hair.”
According to Associate Professor Rosemary Nixon, from the Australasian College of Dermatologists, a major reason behind the incidence of sunburn is lack of awareness that it is ultraviolet (UV), not heat, which burns the skin.
“This is especially relevant in cooler southern Australia,” she says. “Thus a mild January day in Tasmania may be associated with high rates of sunburn, as the UV levels are very high at this time of the year.”
The College says that while sunscreen remains the sun protection for most Australians, 85% don’t know how much to apply to give themselves the sun protection factor protection on the label.

Aker Solutions received a notification of award for orders valued at more than NOK 1.7 billion from the China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) to provide the subsea production system and umbilicals for the Lingshui 17-2 gas field.
Lingshui 17-2 is CNOOC's first subsea deepwater project developed by the company with water depths of up to about 1,500 meters. The field is located in the South China Sea, off the Hainan Province.
The subsea production system for the Lingshui 17-2 field consists of 11 horizontal subsea trees, four manifolds, topside and subsea control system and a vertical tie-in connection system. The work scope also includes more than 70 kilometers of static and dynamic umbilicals, linking the subsea development to a new, semisubmersible platform.
"We are pleased to extend our partnership with CNOOC in China to the Lingshui gas field and leverage our global deepwater capabilities," said Luis Araujo, chief executive officer of Aker Solutions. "Our complete offering of a subsea production system and umbilicals will enable CNOOC to reduce costs and maximize the production of the field."
The project will further strengthen the supplier base in China. Aker Solutions is committed to developing the supplier industry in China and assist them in unlocking new opportunities in the industry through this project.
The subsea manifold will be manufactured and tested locally by China Offshore Oil Engineering Company (COOEC). The services for installation and commissioning will also be executed in China.
The global project will involve Aker Solutions' facilities in Malaysia, Norway and the United Kingdom. The delivery for the subsea production system and umbilicals will be from the second half of 2019 to 2020.
In August this year, Aker Solutions secured CNOOC's power umbilical system order for the Liuhua oilfields in China. CNOOC is also a partner in Brazil's Libra field development consortium, led by Petrobras, where Aker Solutions recently won a contract to provide a subsea production system and related services for the Mero 1 project.
Aker Solutions helps the world meet its energy needs. We engineer the products, systems and services required to unlock energy. Our goal is to maximize recovery and efficiency of oil and gas assets, while using our expertise to develop the sustainable solutions of the future. Aker Solutions employs approximately 14,000 people in more than 20 countries.
This press release may include forward-looking information or statements and is subject to our disclaimer, see https://akersolutions.com

Highest quality Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser Get Premium If you want to shop for Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser for sale discount prices Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser Get the best price for cheap bedroom furniture sets I urge you to behave at the same time. Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser Luxury Brands Obtain the best price for cheap bedroom furniture sets interesting for special low cost Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser Obtain the best cost for cheap bedroom furniture sets fascinating for low cost?, Should you inquiring for unique low cost you'll need to looking for when special time come or holidays. Inputting your keyword like Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser into Google search and fascinating for promotion or unique program. Inquiring for discount code or cope with your day might help. Suggested This Shopping shop for a lot of Find out more for Lupe 6 Drawer Dresser
When selecting household furniture furnishings sets, quality may come before cost. Nevertheless, if you're with limited funds, just as we are, you should try to obtain the best you possibly can within the restrictions of your budget. It's usually better to purchase less components of higher quality, than more items of lower high quality.
That is because it's false economy to purchase as well inexpensively. Well made solid wood furniture can last longer and need fewer repairs, this being particularly so from the padded furniture that can comprise a significant proportion of home furniture furniture sets.
Bedroom accessories models can be found in designs which range from conventional and classic to modern and contemporary.
Traditional designs vary from elaborate looks (think Chippendale, Queen Anne, or Victorian) to the traditional yet simplistic Mission-style furnishings of the earlier 20th century. Modern furniture is commonly much less elaborate and much more mathematical with flair reminiscent of the fifties, 60s, and 70s. Soft outlines and ample upholstery frequently characterize the modern designs to come today.
Not sure which style is right for you? Whilst its certainly a matter of personal preference, you may want to consider your houses overall style, the rooms architectural components, and the end result youre attempting to achieve.
Sometimes it can be hard to pin number yourself to one design, but that is okay: Do not be afraid to combine. But when youre buying pine wood furniture and want a uniform appear, make certain each piece has got the same veneer or finish.
Also, buy the best quality you are able to using the budget you are working to. This is where household furniture furnishings models will pay, because models are often more economical than purchasing the products individually. You can purchase home furniture furniture sets comprising two sofas and a connecting corner item, or a sofa and two living room or arm chairs. For those who have kids, a sofa in a durable material might be better initially than leather.
Buying a household furniture established can often present the task to find balance between type and function. A home furniture established should complement a home's decoration, it should serve the customer's house requirements, also it should withstand the ages. Using the wide array of home furniture models that's available around the consumer market, retailers like furniture showrooms an internet-based websites like on the internet strore might help purchasers successfully narrow down their choices to find the best match for their home. They have to consider the space that the household furniture set will make use of in accordance with their home furniture's measurements to guarantee a good match. Smaller families may find that a five-item set is more than adequate for his or her needs, whilst a larger loved ones may need a 7-piece set in order to support all the family members. Buyers should also find the right material for his or her household furniture established to match the style and ambiance from the home's inside. With so many home furniture models to choose from, we can help any home owner enhance their home furniture room in the most stylish and practical method feasible.

Halloween is our very favourite holiday around here at Puzzle Patterns. At the moment the studio is covered in glitter, tulle, panne velvet and all the fuzzy animal ears! In this week leading up to to the big fright night we will be sharing a few handmade costumes from our Playtime Collection as they come off the machine and are suitably glue gunned and ready to roam the streets tricking and treating!
For the first spooky costume on the roster we used the Merry Go Round dress to make this little lady into a witchy woman. I had as much fun stitching this together as she did running around town in it casting all the spells.
Since this was a knit velvet I sized the bodice down one size so it still had a nice fit (the pattern was designed for a woven) but left the skirt and the sleeves at her original size for a bit more of a dramatic effect. I also left the hem and the sleeve edges raw for this same reason. Since I did this I didn't bother with the sleeve lining and instead used a glittery tulle as a second layer sleeve to give it a little lift and shimmer.
I tied the rest of the tulle in an oversized bow, hot glue gunned it to a witches hat I dug out of our dress up box, along with a few creepy crawlies and black roses and Wah-Lah! a witch was born!
To create this itty bitty little kitty I used the the Merry Go Round Top paired with the long bloomers from the Ring Around the Rosie romper. Again I used a panne velvet in a sparkly black, I found an extensive and fabulous selection at the local Spotlight and had so much fun working with it.
Paired with a kitty collar, ears and a few whiskers and you've got yourself a kitty ready to roam the streets on Hallows Eve.
For the tail I sewed two 2" triangles of fabric together (with a 1/4" seam allowance), curved at the end. I tucked some gathered tulle around the curve at the end and stuffed it with my leftover velvet scraps. I then tucked the tail in between the bodice and the bloomers at the centre back and sewed it neatly inside when attaching them together. I omitted the back placket for this because it was unnecessary with the knit fabric.
So there you have it, a perfect costume combo to send a couple siblings out to mingle with the ghosts and goblins. For this duo you will need the Merry Go Round & Ring Around the Rosie pattern's.
If you find any of this is confusing or hard to navigate please join us on our Facebook Group full of inspiration and fellow Puzzle sewers! I'm always over there to help guide you through and don't forget to share your Puzzle pieces too!

14 christmas diy decor ideas pinterest is one of our best images of christmas diy decorations and its resolution is 470x680 pixels. Find out our other images similar to this 14 christmas diy decor ideas pinterest at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about christmas diy decorations, you could use search box at the top of this page.
The ethnic-Manchu rulers of China’s Qing Dynasty reigned over the Middle Kingdom from 1644 CE until the early 20th century. What brought about the collapse of this once-mighty empire, ushering in the modern era in China?
The collapse of China’s Qing Dynasty was a long process. Qing rule gradually collapsed during the second half of the nineteenth century and the early years of the twentieth, due to a complex interplay between internal and external factors.
Europe’s leading countries expanded their control over large portions of Asia and Africa in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, putting pressure even on the traditional superpower of East Asia, imperial China. The most devastating blow came in the Opium Wars of 1839-42 and 1856-60, after which Britain imposed unequal treaties on the defeated Chinese and took control of Hong Kong. This humiliation showed all of China’s neighbors and tributaries that the once-mighty China was weak and vulnerable.
With its weakness exposed, China began to lose power over peripheral regions. France seized Southeast Asia, creating its colony of French Indochina. Japan stripped away Taiwan, took effective control of Korea (formerly a Chinese tributary), and also imposed unequal trade demands in the 1895 Treaty of Shimonoseki.
By 1900, foreign powers including Britain, France, Germany, Russia and Japan had established “spheres of influence” along China’s coast – areas in which the foreign powers essentially controlled trade and the military, although technically they remained part of Qing China. The balance of power had tipped decidedly away from the imperial court and toward the foreign powers.
While external pressures chipped away at Qing China’s sovereignty and its territory, the empire also began to crumble from within. Ordinary Han Chinese felt little loyalty to the Qing rulers, who were Manchus from the north. The calamitous Opium Wars seemed to prove that the alien ruling dynasty had lost the Mandate of Heaven and needed to be overthrown.
In response, the Qing Empress Dowager Cixi clamped down hard on reformers. Rather than following the path of Japan’s Meiji Restoration, and modernizing the country, Cixi purged her court of modernizers.
When Chinese peasants raised a huge anti-foreigner movement in 1900, called the Boxer Rebellion, they initially opposed both the Qing ruling family and the European powers (plus Japan). Eventually, the Qing armies and the peasants united, but they were unable to defeat the foreign powers. This signaled the beginning of the end for the Qing Dynasty.
The crippled Qing Dynasty clung to power for another decade, behind the walls of the Forbidden City. The Last Emperor, 6-year-old Puyi, formally abdicated the throne on February 12, 1912, ending not only the Qing Dynasty, but China’s millennia-long imperial period.

Ayşe Önal Zamboğlu –This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. - TURKOFAMERICA bring together three important figures of the venture capital community in Silicon Valley: Barış Karadoğan, George Nuray Uğraş, and Aydın Şenkut.
Everyone has heard about Silicon Valley; the home to big names in the high tech industry such as Google, Yahoo, McAfee, Adobe Systems, Cisco, Apple, Ebay, Oracle and many more. The term “Silicon Valley” was coined by Ralph Vaerst, a Northern California entrepreneur, in 1971.
Geographically, the Valley is the Santa Clara Valley, which is located in the southern part of the San Francisco Bay Area in North California. The term originally referred to the region's large number of companies working on silicon chip technology, but eventually came to refer to all the high-tech companies in the area.
Venture capital investments in Silicon Valley began with Kleiner Perkins in 1972. After that, many semiconductor companies emerged in the area. The $1.3 billion IPO of Apple Computer in December 1980 marked the beginning of a new era in venture capital. Investors were less reluctant to invest in early stage companies (start-ups). Many of the start-up companies changed and shaped the future of high tech industry; making venture capital the most crucial part of technology advancement and financing. Even though venture capital as an investment is growing virtually everywhere in the world, Silicon Valley has been in the lead since the 70’s. In 2007, venture capitalists invested $7.6 billion in San Jose and another $2.5 billion in the San Francisco/Berkeley area.
Let’s get to know these wonderful people briefly. Barış Karadoğan is a partner at Velocity Interactive Group who focuses on the internet and digital media investments. Prior to joining Velocity Interactive Group, Karadoğan worked six years at U.S. Venture Partners, a leading Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm. Karadoğan's recent board seats/investments include: HIP Digital Media, Like.com, SpectraLinear, Minerva Networks, Redline Communications (LSE: REDL) and Aspendos Communications. Before becoming a venture capitalist, Karadoğan worked in both engineering and marketing at 3Com/U.S. Robotics, where he worked to develop the company's networking and cable industry products. His efforts at U.S. Robotics resulted in a number of U.S. patents.
Karadoğan has a strong background in terms of his education as well; he holds an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of Business, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar, and an MS in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. He earned a BS in Electrical Engineering from Lafayette College, where he graduated summa cum laude. If you want to keep yourself up-to-date on recent developments in venture capital industry and get to know Karadoğan, you should invest the time to read his blog, "From Istanbul to Sand Hill Road” (http://baris.typepad.com) which focuses on high technology, venture capital, innovation and creativity.
N. George Uğraş joined Adams Capital Management in 1999 as a General Partner, from Apax Partners, a private equity firm in New York. Prior to joining Apax Partners, he was a Management Consultant at McKinsey & Co. in New York, working closely with clients in the telecommunications and media industries on strategic and operational issues for media and technology clients.
His industry expertise includes electronics, networking infrastructure and semiconductors. Uğraş received his B.S. in Engineering Physics from Fairleigh Dickinson University, and his Ph.D. with honors in Applied Physics from Yale University. He was Research Fellow in Physics at the California Institute of Technology before he decided to pursue a career in consulting. His current board seats are BuzzLogic, Inc., DATAllegro, Inc., NextIO, Inc., Luminescent Technologies, Inc., Optellios, Inc., Qspeed Semiconductor, Inc., and TouchdownTechnologies, Inc.
Among the three gentlemen Aydın Şenkut is the one most frequently featured by the media in the US. The fact that he was an early Googler has a lot to do with that. He joined Google in 1999 as a Product Manager (he was employee number 37 – his official number is 63 but 37 is the actual number) to launch Google's first 10 international sites, its first online search licensing products and its first Safe Search. He then became the first International Sales Manager at Google, eventually closing deals with all of Google's strategic syndication partners in Asia, including NTT, NEC (Biglobe), Fujitsu (Nifty), and Rakuten (Infoseek) in Japan, Sina, Netease and Tencent in China, Korea Telecom, Empas, and Dacom in Korea, iPrimus/AOL in Australia, and Yam and Hi-net in Taiwan. After Google’s IPO, Şenkut cashed in his options and took some time off to rest and to decide what to work on next. He entertained other options in retail and the restaurant business only to come back to what he knew - the high tech industry. He founded Felicis Ventures, an angel investment firm in 2005. He has invested in over 30 companies, including Buzzlogic, Disqus, Dogster, Meraki, Mint, Shopittome, Yapta, Yume Networks, Venturebeat, Webs.com, and Weebly since then, pitching in between $25,000 to $100,000 at a time.
Before joining Google, Aydin was the Product Manager for the Data Visualization and Data Mining software MineSet, and led the business development efforts for the financial services industry at SGI. Aydin received his BS in Business Administration from Boston University, his MBA in Marketing from the Wharton School and his MA in International Studies from the School of Arts at the University of Pennsylvania.
I met with Barış Karadoğan, George Nuray Uğraş and Aydın Şenkut for lunch at a restaurant in Palo Alto; we continued our conversation at Barış’s office two blocks down on University Avenue.
First question goes to Nuray. You invested a lot in your academic career before you decided to become a consultant, eventually going on to the VC track. What triggered your decision?
George Nuray Uğraş: First let me say that I miss academic research at times, but to me it is a big and a hard decision to invest 30 years of one’s life on a tiny detail, especially when the implementation of your findings is not entirely up to you. What lured me into this field was the ability to see the big picture rather than getting lost in details.
Barış Karadoğan: I definitely agree with Nuray, especially in the semiconductor industry you want to refrain from details as much as possible. VC’s have to keep a balance between research and the actual value add of that research.
Barış Karadoğan: A good VC has to analyze the added value the new product or process offers. “What makes it different than the existing products? What makes it better than the existing solutions?” are the questions to be answered first.
George Nuray Uğraş: Market analysis is more or less done by every entrepreneur before they start a business, but the main value is hidden in go-to-market analysis of a product or a solution. Even though China and India are strong technically, the main reason they struggle with introducing new technologies lies in this go-to-market analysis. The U.S. has been doing it for a long time. Strategic and tactical marketing execution is something VC companies excel in and add value.
Barış Karadoğan: Knowledge of the product development process is the key here. To identify what it takes to bring a product to market requires perspective.
Aydın Şenkut: Angel investors come in earlier than VC’s in the process. Since they are individuals investing their own money like myself, they do not invest as high amounts as the VC’s. Angel investors bear a lot of risk, so they look for a higher return on their investment. Mentoring the entrepreneurs early in the process, coaching them for their VC fundraising activities are notable value adds of angel investors.
George Nuray Uğraş: We can classify the reasons in two categories. One is cultural, thus educational; the other one is the way companies operate, how they define functionality. In Europe (including Turkey) education is more vigorous, you go deep in each subject, where in the U.S. you don’t go as deep in every subject, you have more freedom and more interaction between the disciplines. As a result of this you see differences in the way companies operate, in functional definition of the companies. For instance the decision making process in companies like Apple and Google varies from the traditional bureaucratic decision making.
Barış Karadoğan: I agree with Nuray. I want to add a couple things to that. The U.S. has a lot of experience doing this. It has a huge market and it has been investing a lot to monitor this market over the years. A product successful in the U.S. is very likely to be successful in the world. The U.S. has been the trendsetter in technology.
Aydın Şenkut: I agree with the main points Nuray and Barış made. I personally think the Israeli model works very well, where they do the research and development in Israel and the product development, market analysis and sales components in the U.S. It gives you the best of two worlds. That model has been successful in many cases and I see it as a good fit with Turkey.
Barış Karadoğan: The most important advantage in working with a VC firm is the money for the resources. VC money allows the entrepreneur to be able to stand up to the big players in the industry, by getting the resources he needs to evaluate the validity/feasibility of an idea as fast as possible. If you look at the process from this angle, there are similar instituions in Turkey that operate similarily to the VC principle like banks, but as we discussed earlier, these institutions lack the other value adds a VC firm has to offer.
George Nuray Uğraş: I think there are two types of VC in Turkey. The first one is the funds an individual raises among friends and family; the second one is the banks. So we can easily say that the concept of one individual or institution giving money to another to start a business is present in Turkey. However, the sole act of VC’s here in the U.S. is investing. There is a high probability that money invested will be lost. I am not sure this concept is well founded in Turkey yet.
Aydın Şenkut: When it comes to angel investing, there aren’t many examples in Turkey. The hardest challenge I face is many start-ups in Turkey is that they take a concept that has been successful in the U.S. and they try to repeat that success with limited resources in Turkey. I cannot invest large quantities of money since I am not a big enough firm to give them a sufficient competitive edge in the high tech sector.
What are the elements that need to come together for Turkey to start its own venture capital funds? Some say trust can be an issue in terms of venture capital funding in Turkey. Do you agree with that? Do you think Turkey has the right combination of qualities to attract VC money from the US?
Barış Karadoğan: I think trust is not an issue. There ways to overcome that, you can regulate more if you are worried about how the companies you are investing in use the money. The most imporatnt quality of the Turkish people in this context is their ability to take risks. I think culturally that is a plus. When I think about things that needs to be improved, the first thing that comes to mind is patience. You cannot expect a return on your investment in months or even a year. The investors in Turkey have to start thinking about long term gains to be succesful. Also failure should be acceptable. After all, you and the people you are investing in are all taking risks. Everyone should be in the right state of mind. The business culture is important as well. Here in the U.S., business is business, no one questions another’s religious beliefs or political views. They partner if the project is promising. We have to instill more of this attitude in Turkey.
George Nuray Uğraş: The first thing you need for a successful VC system is the capital. It exists in Turkey but not in the right places most of the time. For years the best investment was to lend money to the government; that perception has to change. You need good ideas and creativity and I believe Turkey is capable of that. Turkey also has the skill set (engineers, scientists to work on new projects) it needs. The only thing we have to work on is the cultural aspect of things. Especially legal and trust issues. In California a verbal contract is binding. If you signed your terms on a piece of a napkin that will protect your rights. You won’t wait for years for a case to be resolved. Turkey has a lot to do in terms of legal issues. First, the legislators have to do the ground work to protect the investors and the entrepreneurs. Lastly, to answer your last question I don’t why U.S. VC firms won’t invest in Turkey. We try to look into every opportunity that is presented to us.
Barış Karadoğan: All you need is one succes story from Turkey. When you have that you will most certainly see VC’s coming to Turkey looking for more investments.
Aydın Şenkut: I believe Turkey has the skill set. There are a lot of high quality educational institutions. The graduates of these schools usually go abroad for graduate school, and many of them are frequently checking back with the industry in Turkey for possible fits. The problem is not the lack of creativity, either, as Barış said. In my opinion, the lack of role models in the investment community is a major issue. The major players of the industry in Turkey, Koç Holding and Sabancı Holding, both are focused on banking, but these banks may fail to identify the potential of a Web 2.0 application/ product precisely. I agree with Barış, all we need is a couple of good examples. They will fuel the entrepreneurs in Turkey as well as local and foreign investment firms.
It is important to note here that these gentlemen are willing to help in every way they can the young entrepreneurs in Turkey and in the U.S. They all said they would be willing to spare some of their time if a council or an advisory board were to be formed in Turkey to evaluate start-ups in their early phases. We thank them for their time, their enthusiasm and their willingness to share their expertise.
After receiving my Ph.D. in Applied Physics from Yale University, I arrived at Caltech as a research fellow placed in charge of a research project to build a detector system for an airborne observatory. Our mission was to identify the process by which stars and galaxies form. I was working with some of the best technicians, grad students, and fellow academicians to build a system that would exceed the performance levels of current methods, and to see how far we could push the fundamental limits of physics. With more sweat than genius, the system worked as designed after a few months. We took our equipment to an airbase in Hawaii, which had an airborne observatory in a reconfigured military aircraft. The aircraft had a telescope dish on board and a four-foot hole in the fuselage, which would become exposed during observations. Our team was limited to three days and three flights to get the data we needed - if we failed, our next opportunity was at least another year away.
Day one - shortly after take off, our team quickly looked for a very small spot around Orion in the night sky. The crew (used to working for NASA) informed us that there was a problem with their guidance system and we would not be able to observe on this flight. We returned to base extremely disappointed, as we had just wasted one of our three chances. Day two - tensions mounted as we took off, our eyes focused on the flight crew and their equipment (we assumed that our equipment was always in order). As we started to take data, our equipment failed. A sobering experience for a bunch of academic types not used to failure. We returned to base, knowing that we had one day to figure out how to work well as a team. The chemistry transformed quickly as everyone focused on their piece of the project, trusted others to do the same, and helped each other to get the job done. Day three - we were tense, but ready, as we took off on our third and final flight. Everything went according to plan. We had gathered enough data to confirm the existence of complex molecules in the nebula halfway through the flight.
The lessons learned on those flights are never far from my mind - being driven can lure you into thinking that if you are very smart and work hard you can get anything done. In reality, our destiny often rests on how well we work as a team.
Venture Capital: A type of private equity capital typically provided by professional, outside investors to new, growth businesses. Venture capital investments are generally made as cash in exchange for shares in the invested company.
Venture capital fund: a pooled investment vehicle (often a limited partnership) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. Venture capital can also include managerial and technical expertise. Most venture capital comes from a group of wealthy investors, investment banks, and other financial institutions that pool such investments or partnerships.
Michael J. Astrue, Commissioner of Social Security, today announced the agency is expanding the services available with a my Social Security account, a personalized online account that people can use beginning in their working years and continuing throughout the time they receive Social Security benefits. More than 60 million Social Security beneficiaries and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) recipients can now access their benefit verification letter, payment history, and earnings record instantly using their online account. Social Security beneficiaries also can change their address and start or change direct deposit information online.
“We are making it even easier for people to do their business with us from the comfort of their home, office, or library,” Commissioner Astrue said. “I encourage people of all ages to take advantage of our award-winning online services and check out the new features available through an online my Social Security account.”
“Given our significantly reduced funding, we have to find innovative ways to continue to meet the needs of the American people without compromising service,” said Commissioner Astrue. “These new enhancements will allow us to provide faster service to more people in more places.”

Between his only novel (The Picture Of Dorian Gray) and his most famous plays, Oscar Wilde wrote the blank verse play Salome in 1891. Wilde’s tale of sexual greed and brutal revenge, not shown in Britain for almost forty years due to obscenity laws, has been brought to vivid life at North London’s Hampstead Theatre by the Headlong theatre group (who are also producing the highly recommended Lulu at the Gate Theatre).
Although over a century old (and based on a story much older), this one-act play directed and adapted by Jamie Lloyd has many modern touches: Herod’s troops are armed with automatic weapons as well as swords and knives while the music to Salome’s Dance Of The Seven Veils is provided by a gaudy boombox. During the dance, Herod masturbates furiously, his "petit mort" presaging the actual death of Iokanann (aka St John The Baptist). The set designer, Soutra Gilmour, has created a stark environment of black sand and bright lights which is used to drive the dramatic narrative to its terrible conclusion.
Lloyd has taken Wilde’s original work and added his own visual style. Zawe Ashton plays Salome as a decadent, petulant and wanton chav princess, spurned by Seun Shote’s Iokanann, a fearsome, glistening sight when on stage and an apocalyptic voice when off. Con O’Neill’s tetrarch Herod is an outrageously bisexual drunk, staggering across the set, stopping only to sexually molest a soldier and drink more and even more wine while drinking in the very sight of his niece and step-daughter Salome.
Unlike much of Wilde’s other work, there are few bon mots here and far less cynicism than usual. In its place we have a deliciously dark morality tale which, while packing few surprises in terms of plot, is an exciting ride into the depths of the human soul.
Salome can be seen at the Hampstead Theatre until July 17. Tickets can be booked here and a trailer can be seen here.
Outsider art is en vogue as seen in recent exhibitions at Wellcome Collection and the Hayward Gallery - it was even the central theme of last year's Venice Biennale. Tate Britain's current exhibition on British Folk Art is cut from a similar cloth, featuring works that the art world would not recognise as 'art' - needlepoint interpretations of Old Master paintings and shop signs in the form of boots and bears that would normally be seen more as craft than art.
The Tate has taken the bold step of breaking down this barrier and introduced a whole new world of work that we normally wouldn't see in a large gallery or museum. The more traditional works here are the weakest on display - landscapes and seascapes will never compete with the likes of Constable or Turner so they fall rather flat. But the attraction lies in the more radical designs such as a cockerel and a violin made from bone by French prisoners of war, and a straw effigy of King Alfred.
Folk art is a massive topic so rather than choosing to show the full breadth of variety in this field, the Tate has chosen to pick certain types of work. This 'buffet' style approach makes for a more coherent exhibition. A personal favourite of ours was the room full of ship figureheads including a mammoth version of an Indian man that was placed at the front of a British ship.
This is a varied exhibition and despite some works that fail to impress, it's a show that challenges pre-conceived notions of what is art and offers up some quirky alternatives. It may not be as boundary pushing as some outsider art we've seen but it is a step in the right direction for Tate Britain, following some recent criticism in the press.
British Folk Art is on at Tate Britain until 31 August. Tickets are £13.10 for adults, concessions £11.30.
Ever wondered what London would look like if a plague epidemic decimated the city's population as it did in 1665?
Now's your chance to find out with Miasmatic. Film-makers Claire and Maxime have created this amazing and slightly creepy short of an abandoned London. It comes complete with handy translation tool (the website is in French), location map and historical information. Keep your eyes peeled for the plague doctor.
BEYOND THE GREENBELT: The Built Environment Trust presents an exhibition about going Beyond The Greenbelt at The Building Centre. Is this British planning at its best? Or damage to our countryside? Decide for yourself. Free, just turn up, 9am-6pm
GET FIT FOR FREE: Start your Monday by getting your sweat on at this Beaumont Estate bootcamp. A mixture of traditional body weight exercises and interval and strength training. You'll be buzzing (or knackered) for the rest of the week. Free, just turn up, 10am
ESSENTIAL LONDON TOUR: Let's be honest, even the most diehard Londoners have a few must-sees still on their to-do lists, so tick them all off in one busy afternoon. From Westminster Abbey to the Household Cavalry, get a dose of London's finest on this walking tour. £15/£12, prebook, 1.30pm
HENRY JAMES GALA: Head to Middle Temple Hall for an exclusive evening of performance and food. Featuring an all-star cast, this new black comedy by Bruce McKay covers the life and struggles of Henry Fielding. Follow this reading with supper with the performers in Middle Temple's glorious surroundings — for Coram children's charity's 275th anniversary. £125 (+bkg fee), prebook, 6.30pm
GIN O'CLOCK: If you're into gin, get yourself to Bourne and Hollingsworth Buildings tonight for Last Liberations: Foraging Origins — an evening with actual forager, Geraldine. She'll show you how gin masters Glendalough use foraged ingredients in their lovely brew. You can even treat yourself to a five-course taste pairing banquet. £20-£60 (+bkg fee), prebook, 6.30pm
UKULELE HOOTENANY: If George Formby did parties, they'd probably be just like this. Grab your uke (or rent one there for free) to jam away to old classics, modern hits and plink to your heart's content. Beginners and the uke-curious welcome at the Queen Of Hoxton. Free (£20 deposit to rent a ukulele), just turn up, 7pm
FREE COMEDY: Theatre Royal Stratford East, presents a night of free, fabulous comedy to cheer up any blue Monday. Shows take place in the bar, so grab a tipple and enjoy the silliness. Free, just turn up, 8pm
JAZZ JAM: A free session for jazz-loving Londoners takes the stage at Hideaway tonight. All abilities welcome, so come down and spread the musical love with a jam. They even provide a PA, piano and drumkit. Free, just turn up, 9pm (doors at 7pm)
The After School Comedy Club is funny stuff for adults, with childish silliness at its heart. Tonight, in aid of Syrian charity Jusoor, which aims to give Syrian children a better start in life, it crashes into The Book Club. Homework is strictly off limits but some funny folk (many of whom you will have seen on TV and stages across the country) are taking charge instead of the teachers. Giggle along to the likes of James Farmer, Catherine Bohart, James Ross and Stephen Bailey. You won't get told off for laughing in class, we promise. £5, 7.30pm, 11 April
Looks like this article is a bit old. Be aware that information may have changed since it was published.
No surprises that Harry Potter and the Cursed Child won best play at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards.
A man was attacked and left with life-threatening injuries in Sutton High Street early this morning.
Deal hunters got more than they bargained for when Nazi memorabilia turned up at a school car boot sale.


Rachel & Dave switch detours. Dave wants to use the express pass, but Rachel doesn't. Nary & Jamie switch. Bopper & Mark switch, and they steal Kerri & Stacy's taxi. They lied to Kerri & Stacey about the difficulty of the watermelon stacking.
Bopper & Dave steal a taxi. This always comes back to bite the team. Maybe not in the same leg, but karma is a b.
Balance a bottle on top of their dance and perform a choreographed dance. If all the bottles provided are broken, they get a 2 hour penalty.
Border Patrol agents finish the Bottle Dance and head to the pit stop in 1st. And they win the leg. Boo.
Art finishes. Art & JJ are so far ahead. Pit stop is a monument... Art & JJ finishing first on leg 3. We all know what this means! They win a trip to the Bahamas.
Bertram loves to have music playing in the tasks. And it's lots of music at the harp task. This is so funny.
Bopper & Mark and Nary & Jamie are at Stringed Out. The strings are all tangled. Elliot & Andrew are there. Kerri & Stacy are there.
Dave runs out of bottles! 2 hour penalty! They get their clue and arrive at the pit stop. They have to wait at the pit stop for 2 hours.
This topic is to keep track of all funds raised during local fundraising campaigns and other charitable activity. If there is a representative appointed, I would like to ask that person to provide the information now. If no one has stepped up, can I ask the BCO to do it?
If you don't have any records of funds raised for a given year just put a $0 and list all charities you worked with. If you have any questions, ideally contact me directly because there's a lot of forums to keep track of.
I'm trying to make a off ramp with only the right lane that merges to the off ramp. I must be drawing the line incorrect for the City Traffic Cross. Attached are two images one show how the lanes are forming the other is how I drew the line for the intersection.
"The automatic intersection modeling system makes it possible to quickly arrange numerous typical intersections. Nonetheless, it does not provide flexibility in managing traffic lanes, enabling turns from specific lanes, and making unusual radiuses and curves at intersections. If you are facing a task to develop an uncommon intersection, you need to do it manually. Draw all necessary traffic trajectories, turns and U-turns with splines, assign CityTraffic Road(WSM) modifier and transform the splines into road sections with necessary characteristics. Try to connect the spline edges to the adjacent to intersections road sectors accurately. However, they do not have to be perfectly precise as the system as such is intelligent enough to allocate traffic flows correctly."
So I drew a line for every lane and all lines are one object. I put the City Traffic Road WSM on and run the simulation. The issue is there is no interaction between lanes.

Ask Italian Bath - Bath - Team member needed to support our front of house team during Christmas time. Bath, Somerset (Preferred). 6 weeks contract.......
French Selection - Bath - recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian and Russian speaking...
French Selection - Bath - the placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian and Russian speaking professionals and executives...
Zizzi Ristorante - Bath - you to share this this with your team and our customers. Italian food is at the heart of what we do and you’ll...
Bath - placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian and Russian speaking professionals and executives throughout...
Bath - leading recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian...
Prezzo Bath - Bath - . What will I be doing? As a Chef in one of our excellent Italian restaurants (renowned for their authentic Milanese...
Sunglass Hut - Bath - Sales Assistant / Sales Associate Luxottica Retail UK We are an Italian company...

For Allocation, intake or which year you are in please contact your Senior Advisor for this information.
Note: While we endeavour to maintain accuracy, the session titles, presenters and session descriptions are subject to change without notice.
Lecture Summary: In the Western tradition there are two fundamentally different ways of thinking about justice; I call them "the right order conception" and "the inherent rights conception." After explaining the distinction and arguing in favor of the latter conception, I will then explore the concept of rights, and argue against the prevalent idea that natural rights are guarantees of autonomy and in favor of the idea that one's natural right to being treated a certain way is what is required by due respect for one's worth or dignity.
Lecture Summary: The dominant theme in almost two millennia of discussions in the West about the relation between love and justice is the theme of tension or incompatibility: if one treats someone as one does because justice requires it, one is not acting out of love, and if one acts out of love toward someone, one is not treating them as one does because justice requires it. I will point to the paradoxes that this view yields, and then present a way of understanding love (and justice) such that love incorporates justice rather than being in tension with it, while also often going beyond what justice requires.
Lecture Summary: The popular movements that have erupted around the globe, from Tahrir Square to the demonstrations in the Eurozone to the Occupy movements, are simultaneously movements for social justice and movements for democratic reform. Popular protest has stimulated a renewed – and now, more than ever, a truly global - public sphere that consciously links failures of democratic legitimacy on the national scale with failures of economic justice on the global scale. At the same time, the global economic crisis hastens the unraveling of the social welfare state whose stability has been the presupposition of our most powerful theories of social justice. Those theories, though enriched and deepened through the critiques from difference that emerged in the 1980s and 1990s, may rest on Westphalian assumptions about the boundaries of justice that are difficult to sustain in the context of neoliberal globalization. Looking to the practices and rhetoric of those who are acting on behalf of "globalization from below," the lecture will explore alternative political imaginaries for linking aspirations to justice and claims for democratic rights in our dynamic and interconnected world.
Summary: In recent years, debates around accommodation, inclusion, and human rights have highlighted both challenges and the contributions presented by religious communities in Canadian society. Addressing such challenges and contributions, this panel will discuss what is at stake in questions of justice and religious freedom for faith traditions in Canada. How do Judaism, Christianity, and Islam consider questions of rights and equity in a society that is religiously plural and in a civic space that is largely secular? What are religious communities doing to negotiate the perils and promises of being Canadian while remaining faithful?
For practitioners, engaging the public with issues of social justice and human rights is no easy task. The Office of Social Justice, for example, is mandated to "equip and lead the Christian Reformed Church in carrying out its transforming mission to pursue God's justice and peace." To accomplish this, the OSJ needs to translate the academic and legal discourse of social justice and human rights into accessible language and provide practical activities to engage and mobilize our constituents.
This informal sharing session will provide an opportunity for practitioners to network and discuss how we engage and equip our constituents on topics of social justice and human rights. Please come prepared to share briefly about your work and the ways in which you engage and mobilize the general public or your constituency.
Summary: Law and legally secured rights, while they have come to be powerful means of articulating and accomplishing the demands of justice, also exist in tension with other ways of conceiving of justice. By means of discussion of phenomena such as culture, community, religion, forgiveness, apology, and the exception to the law, this panel will address the tensions between different conceptions of justice, and the significance and inadequacy of law and rights as mechanisms of justice.
Summary: This session will explore the tensions between group rights and individual rights in relation to the history of aboriginal rights in Canada. John Olthuis, recognized by the Canadian Bar Association as a leading aboriginal rights lawyer in Canada, will reflect on years of experience in dialogue between aboriginal bands and federal and provincial governments in Canada. Dean Jacobs, from the Walpole Island First Nation, will speak from his experience and hopes for the future of aboriginal communities in Canada.
Summary: In the news with increasing frequency, we see immigration issues profiled—from open borders with fast-track permanent residency status for certain kinds of skilled workers to closed borders for certain applicants from poorer countries or refugee claimants or unhealthy family members of immigrants. What kinds of human rights claims can be made at the borders? Does Immigration Canada have an inherent right to preserve the "social order" in certain ways, granting access to some groups or kinds of people but keeping others out? How significant should human rights claims be at the borders? Is there a "common good" that joins insiders and outsiders, yet also makes for a just social order?
Panel Summary: This panel will address the tensions that sometimes occur between ideals of justice and other social norms, such as memory and tradition, cultural expression, global security, and peace between religious and cultural communities. Are there instances when honouring particular cultural heritages should mitigate concerns for universal human rights? What roles should civil society play in addressing questions of rights, as compared to strong emphases on government obligations? What is the significance of social memory in public concerns about justice? Should there be limits to religious and cultural diversity in order to promote a common good?
Summary: In the discourse of rights and the practice of making rights-claims, formal rights (civil and political) and substantive rights (social, economic, and cultural) have been distinguished from each other, with formal rights often taking precedence. In what ways are these two kinds of rights in conflict with each other? Is there a framework by which they could be shown to be compatible? What is the significance of their incompatibility or their compatibility, and how should a system of justice be organized in a way that is responsive to their relative significance?
Summary: This panel will discuss issues raised in linking human rights discourse with matters of disability. For example, in 2006 the United Nations adopted the "Convention on Rights of Persons with Disabilities," later ratified in 2008. The objective of the Convention is to promote, protect, and ensure the full and equal enjoyment of all human rights and freedoms by all people with disabilities, including children. Canada has ratified the convention and is currently preparing its initial report to the UN Committee, due in April 2012. But what is a "right" and "freedom" vis-à-vis disability? How is "equality" between all persons—disabled and non-disabled—to be understood and lived out in a Canadian context?
Summary: Many legal proceedings follow an adversarial model, based on the assumption that legal justice requires retribution and that retribution requires both winners and losers. This model seems at odds with a more recent emphasis on restorative justice, as witnessed in South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission and in recent innovations within criminal and juvenile justice systems, where restoring the victim, the perpetrator, and the community have more weight than simply upholding the law and meting out punishment. This panel brings together a provincial court judge, an advocate for restorative justice and a commissioner from Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission to discuss the pros and cons of the restorative justice model for the adjudication of justice.
Summary: Twenty years ago every country except two enthusiastically adopted a Convention on the Rights of the Child. In Canada a recent Senate study found that children's rights have not become part of our culture or public life. Why not? Is change possible and desirable? In many parts of the world children's rights are violated with impunity. This session will explore conceptual tensions in the field of children's rights that create barriers for implementation and practical experiences that improve the situation of children. Presenters will be Kathy Vandergrift, Chair of the Canadian Coalition for the Rights of Children and instructor in Public Ethics, and Jamie McIntosh, Executive Director of International Justice Mission Canada, an international organization that defends the rights of children caught in child labour, sexual exploitation, and oppressive regimes.
Summary: This panel will focus on the relation between environmental issues and human rights. For example, there are basic questions regarding the nature of "environmental rights" and how to define them in relation to, or as, human rights. Other issues relate to the rights of individuals and collectives to be informed and have a say in how state and corporate actions affect their local environment. The question of what constitutes a just distribution of resources and environmental impact is also important, particularly given arguments about the current injustice of that distribution.
Summary: Campaigns against poverty use human rights language, such as the right to food and shelter, to press for changes in public policy. These rights, called sustenance rights, have a long history in religious thought, but they do not fit easily in contemporary free market societies, which consider property rights as foundational. Can sustenance rights and property rights, which often come into conflict, be reconciled? Joe Gunn, Executive Director of Citizens for Public Justice, will discuss the current Dignity for All campaign as an attempt to reclaim the rights of people marginalized in our economic system. Michael DeMoor will discuss alternative ways to approach the concepts of property rights and sustenance rights and the challenges our market society poses for the pursuit of a broader concept of public justice.
Summary: Rights for women are controversial; over time they have been alternatively advocated and condemned by scholars and activists concerned with improving the status of women around the globe. The panel speaks to this controversial context, addressing the following questions: What are women's rights and how do they operate? Do women's rights operate to support women, or can they further contribute to their oppression? How are rights for women elaborated in different cultural contexts, and are there problems involved in doing so? In what real ways and in what real areas are rights claimed for women, and what are the gains and losses associated with such claims?

Tree removal is necessary when the tree has become decayed or diseased posing as a hazard to persons or your property.
We can advise you to whether your tree is a candidate for removal. The first thing we will do is determine a means of saving the tree from removal. Maybe the tree only needs a dangerous section removed and still can have a many of healthy years ahead.
We use the safest and most efficient techniques along with the necessary equipment to get any job completed. Whether you have a small Crab apple tree in your front yard or an enormous White Oak overhanging your home, you can trust Arbor Pro Tree Management to get the tree down safely and efficiently.
If you would like to get in touch to set up a consultation, the button below will help you get there.
Find answers to the most commonly asked questions about our Edexcel GCSEs and Certificates in English.
For English GCSE controlled assessments certificating in 2014, 2015 and 2016, which theme/task should I be doing?
Tasks marked ‘valid from June 2013 to November 2014’ Tasks marked ‘valid for summer 2015 and November 2015’ Tasks marked ‘valid for summer 2015 and November 2015’ Tasks marked ‘valid for summer 2016 and November 2016’ Tasks marked ‘valid for summer 2016 and November 2016’
You will need to carry out the correct task with your students. If you feel that there are exceptional circumstances that prevent you from doing so, please contact the assessment team by emailing emenglish@pearson.com.
In September 2015 for two-year courses or September 2016 for one-year courses, for post-16 students for example. The new GCSEs will be examined in summer 2017 for the first time.
This qualification is available until summer 2016, with a re-take opportunity in November 2016. Students start one-year courses in September 2015, such as post-16 students, can take this qualification.
Yes, November exam series from November 2017 are for students who were aged at least 16 on the preceding 31 August.
International GCSEs from any awarding organisation count in performance table measures. Edexcel English Certificates will count in 2014, 2015 and, for the last time, in 2016.
Each Certificate is equivalent to a GCSE and, as such, until summer 2016, won’t be viewed as a non-GCSE qualification in the performance table rules.
The Certificate in English Language will receive the A*-C points for the maths and English indicator and will count towards the English Baccalaureate in the same way as GCSE English Language until summer 2015. From summer 2016, as with GCSE, there are new arrangements for English in performance measures. Please see the ‘Performance measures from summer 2016 (reported early 2017)’ section below.
On 24 July 2014, the DfE published an update on the types of qualifications to be counted in 2017 school performance tables. The only English qualifications that will count in the 2017 secondary school performance tables will be reformed GCSEs.
Yes, until summer 2016 Certificates and GCSEs can be offered interchangeably. However, only reformed GCSEs will count in school performance measures from summer 2017.
When the new GCSEs are introduced from September 2015, can we still offer Edexcel Certificates to count as ‘English’ within the new 2017 accountability measures?
No, on 24 July 2014, the DfE published an update on the types of qualifications to be counted in 2017 school performance tables. The only English qualifications that will count in the 2017 secondary school performance tables will be reformed GCSEs.
How are the Edexcel Certificates affected by the Secretary of State’s announcement (29 September 2013) on first entry GCSE exam results and school performance tables in England?
Only the result of a student’s first attempt for subjects in the GCSE family - including Edexcel GCSE English, English Language and English Literature and Edexcel Level 1/Level 2 Certificates in English Language and English Literature - will count in school performance tables.
This affects Year 11 (academic year 2013-2014) whose results will appear in performance tables in January 2015, and all other students in Years 9 or 10 preparing to take English subjects in the GCSE family.
Students who attempted an English subject from the GCSE family before 29 September 2013 result will have the better of either their pre-29 September 2013 or their next attempt counted.
Schools should be aware that if students have attempted a GCSE or Certificate in English language, their English result will only count in performance measures; if they also attempt GCSE or Certificate English literature. Attempting GCSE English after having sat GCSE/Certificate in English language (post 29 September 2013) will result in the student not meeting the English performance measure.
As International GCSEs in English language and literature do not count in school performance measures, they are not affected by this rule.
Further details about this announcement, including guidance for schools making decisions about early entry at GCSE, are available from the Department for Education.
Please can you explain the place of GCSE English in the current performance tables with particular reference to the headline measure?
* In order to meet the requirements to be counted as “English” for Performance Tables/English Baccalaureate, pupils must take both GCSE/Certificate in English Literature and English Language and achieve at least a grade C in English Language. This is to ensure that anyone achieving the Level 2 threshold has studied the whole English curriculum. The DFE has clarified that what they will count as an “entry” for English literature will be anything that is graded A*-G or U (but not X). This means students need to achieve A*-G or U (but not X) in GCSE English Literature for their English Language C grade or above to count.
• English Studies, English Literature, English as a second language and Digital Communication are not included in the English Baccalaureate and do not satisfy the English element of the ‘basics’ indicator, but they count as a GCSE in the usual way. However, you should check which of these will be subject to discounting for performance table recognition against other available English qualifications.
• ‘Progress 8’: students’ progress measured across eight subjects: English; mathematics; three other English Baccalaureate (EBacc) subjects (sciences, computer science, geography, history and languages); and three further subjects, which can be from the range of EBacc subjects, or can be any other approved, high-value arts, academic, or vocational qualification.
• Attainment 8, showing pupils’ average achievement in the same suite of subjects as the Progress 8 measure.
• English and mathematics. The percentage of pupils achieving a C grade or above in both English (either language or literature) and mathematics.
• The EBacc. Showing the percentage of pupils achieving good grades across a range of academic subjects.
Schools can opt into the new system for the summer 2015 results (i.e. for students who started Year 10 in September 2013).
The points for English will only be doubled if the student has attempted* both GCSE English Language and GCSE English Literature (or, in 2016 only, Edexcel Certificates). The double weighting will be applied to the better of the two grades. If double-weighted, English contributes 20% of the measure, while the remaining six subjects will each contribute 10% (mathematics also contributes 20 %). GCSE English will still be eligible to count in summer 2016, and will be automatically double-weighted because pupils will have studied both English Language and English Literature to achieve this qualification.
*An “attempt” for English Language or English Literature is currently defined as any result that is graded A*-G or U (but not X).
Can students study for just GCSE English Language when teaching of reformed GCSEs begins in September 2015?
Students need to study both English Language and English Literature in order to meet the requirements of the English programmes of study: key stage 4, National curriculum in England (updated July 2014).
What are the implications for performance tables if a student takes only English Language GCSE or Certificate in summer 2016?
The new Progress 8 and Attainment 8 measures to be used from summer 2016 encourage students to enter both qualifications.
The points for English will be double weighted if the student has attempted* both GCSE English Language and English Literature (or, in 2016 only, Edexcel Certificates or GCSE English). The double weighting will be applied to the better of the two grades. If double weighted, English contributes 20% of the measure, as does mathematics, while the remaining six subjects will each contribute 10%.
If the student does not take English Literature alongside English Language, then there is no double weighting of points for English achievement. The English Language result will contribute only 10% towards the Progress 8 and Attainment 8 measures, and the overall measures will only have been 90% met - in effect the student's total points from across 9 subjects will still be divided by 10 to get an average grade achieved.
However, from summer 2016 the new headline measure for English and mathematics achievement can be met without the student having attempted both language and literature.
For the Ebacc separate measure, a pupil must study both English language and English Literature, and achieve a C grade or better in at least one of these qualifications, to satisfy the English requirement (in 2016, a C in Combined English would be sufficient).

I can’t believe you are telling people how to get rid of toads. Toads and frogs are endangered due to pesticides, loss of habitat, and pollution. They are the best defense against slugs and caterpillars in the veg garden. Why would you even think there is a plague of toads?
We have many other articles on how to keep these, and invite these to the garden. We understand the importance of these creatures in the garden, but there are enough people who request ways to keep these out of the garden, and because of that, we must also provide ways to keep them out.
Anti Pill Warm Fleece Fabric Black 58inX3yd. This fabric is wide to suit your sewing project needs and made from 100% polyester. Combine colors to create and design pullovers, sweatshirts, pajamas and home decorative features including pi
I imagine Him saying, “Yea dudes, like, you know, love thy awesome neighbor as you love, like, yourselves.” I wouldn’t wish communicating today on anyone…let alone my Lord. I have adult nursing students that cant sit through 2 hrs of lecture w/o doing whatever on those phones. They don’t even get that it’s why they don’t do well on the tests and have to repeat.I cant imagine what the Sermon on the Mount would have been like. “Wait, you mean they passed out lunch? OMG, I missed it. Is there any left? I dont know. Who made lunch?” The phone is making us dumber than the TV did.
It is simply the truth that the political system that I am part of has degenerated to the point that it needs fundamental change.

Perfect location for your future home! This beautiful wooded lot is located close to the bottom of Forest Lakes on the north side of the road. The pie-shaped lot gently slopes upward and is in a private setting at the end of the cul-de-sac. This lot location is perfect for quick in & out access to CR 501. The end of Snowbird Court has been roughed in, but not developed. Buyer will need to contact FLMD to get them to bring the water and sewer lines to the property. Building plans must be provided. Electricity and natural gas are nearby. Propane is also an option.
Unless and until Yasiel Puig is ever talked and written about as a normal human being instead of some scary monster which portends dread and personifies all of our darkest fears, we’re gonna start handing out awards. With apologies to Charles Krauthammer, who coined the term Bush Derangement Syndrome, our awards will commemorate Great Moments in Yasiel Puig Derangement Syndrome.
The definition of Puig Derangement Syndrome: “the acute onset of paranoia in otherwise normal people in reaction to the play, the acts —nay—the very existence of Yasiel Puig.” Statements of criticism of Yasiel Puig which appear to be of an emotional origin rather than based in fact or logic.
While some may say this should be called the Plaschke Award for Los Angeles Times’ columnist Bill Plaschke’s perfection of the form, in reality, CBS’ Scott Miller is the gold standard here. That was All-Star work, while Plaschke’s Puig Derangement is more of the lunch bucket variety. He puts in the time and will even be sure to lash out at Puig even when he doesn’t have his best stuff. You gotta respect that kind of dedication.
Today is a great example, as his Puig Derangement operates on two different fronts in one single column. First, he uses his game story to note Puig’s shortcomings in last night’s game, despite the fact that Puig did nothing of consequence, good or bad, that even came remotely close to affecting the outcome of the game:
One of the few familiar sights at Petco was the play of Yasiel Puig, who encapsulated his 2013 struggles in the first inning alone, striking out wildly on three pitches and then overthrowing the cutoff man from right field.
Carl Crawford struck out three times and Andre Ethier twice, but I guess those weren’t as bad as Puig’s one strikeout. And that throw that missed the cutoff man arguably could have gotten the runner heading to third had Hanley Ramirez not intercepted it, but we’ll let that go. We have a narrative to pound. Perhaps as many as a thousand times!
That alone would not have gotten Plaschke notice for his Puig Derangement Syndrome, however. For that we have to keep reading:
In more Puig news — can there ever be enough? — there has been clarification on a report last week that Mattingly called a team meeting about Puig. Actually, it was Puig who summoned several players hanging around the clubhouse and asked them if anybody had a problem with the way he played.
One veteran spoke up. Then another. Both had the same problem, that Puig was playing too fast and loose with their championship hopes.
There is no sign yet that he has listened, but at least on this night, the losing story revolved around the older guys.
This is Plaschke backing off his column of last week in which he talked about how “Don Mattingly held a meeting” in which Puig was lectured by his manager and team veterans about his recklessness. As we noted yesterday, however, the real story was that Puig himself called that meeting in order to ask his teammates how he could get better. Now that the meeting tends to put Puig in a better light, however, it’s no longer a meeting to Plaschke. It’s an informal thing in which Puig basically shouted at veterans “asking them if they had a problem” with him, which is clearly designed to make Puig look belligerent and confrontational. Guys like Puig don’t have meetings, you see. They summon people and put them uncomfortably on the spot. And, of course, it is assumed that he didn’t listen to them.
Excellent work, Bill. Keep this up and we may just name Great Moments in Puig Derangement Syndrome the “Bill Plaschke Awards” after all!

CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) are a W3C standard. They save you time when building a web site, because they allow you to separate the "feel" of a site (layout and styles) from its content. If you want to get up to speed quickly on what you can do with CSS, you'll want to check out the tutorials in this section.

Every Transport I Series Single Roller has an over-sized accessory pocket, smooth thru-wheels (perfect for rolling in bowling centers), and an extendable square handle and a separate shoe compartment.

Also photos which contain several copyrighted objects are derivative works of those. Only if those objects are totally unimportant and not the subject of the photo, then your photo is no derivative work since the objects are de minimis. --Saibo (Δ) 01:02, 9 March 2012 (UTC)
This message was added automatically by Nikbot, if you need some help about it please read the text above again and follow the links in it, if you still need help ask at the → Commons:Help desk in any language you like to use. --Nikbot 01:56, 24 April 2012 (UTC)
File:ImageFromShinoWatabe01.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:ImageFromShinoWatabe02.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
This message was added automatically by Nikbot, if you need some help about it please read the text above again and follow the links in it, if you still need help ask at the → Commons:Help desk in any language you like to use. --Nikbot 01:56, 26 August 2012 (UTC)
Thank you for contributing to Wiki Loves Monuments 2012, and for sharing your pictures with the whole world!
Thanks to the participation of people like you, the contest gathered more than 350,000 pictures of cultural heritage objects from 36 countries around the world, becoming the largest photography competition to have ever taken place.
You can find all your pictures in your upload log, and are of course very welcome to keep uploading images and help develop Wikimedia Commons, even though you will not be able to win more prizes (just yet).
If you'd like to start editing relevant Wikipedia articles and share your knowledge with other people, please go to the Wikipedia Welcome page for more information, guidance, and help.
To make future contests even more successful than this year, we would like to invite you to share your experiences with us in a short survey. Please fill in this short survey in your own language, and help us learn what you liked and didn't like about Wiki Loves Monuments 2012.
Message delivered by the Wiki Loves Monuments 2012 notification system on 18:02, 26 October 2012 (UTC)
Sr. Garcia--your photograph of that cemita sandwich is making me incredibly hungry. Drmies (talk) 18:56, 10 November 2012 (UTC)
Thank you for contributing to Wiki Loves Monuments 2013, and for sharing your pictures with the whole world! We would like to ask again a few minutes of your time.
Thanks to the participation of people like you, the contest gathered more than 365,000 pictures of cultural heritage objects from more than 50 countries around the world, becoming the largest photography competition to have ever taken place.
To make future contests even more successful than this year, we would like to invite you to share your experiences with us in a short survey. Please fill in this short survey in your own language, and help us learn what you liked and didn't like about Wiki Loves Monuments 2013.
Thank you for taking part in the Wiki Loves Monuments participants' survey. Your answers will help us improve the organization of future photo contests!
And by the way: the winning pictures of this year's international contest have been announced. Enjoy!
Wikimedia Commons is happy to announce that the second round of the 2013 Picture of the Year competition is now open. This year will be the eighth edition of the annual Wikimedia Commons photo competition, which recognizes exceptional contributions by users on Wikimedia Commons. Wikimedia users are invited to vote for their favorite images featured on Commons during the last year (2013) to produce a single Picture of the Year.
Hundreds of images that have been rated Featured Pictures by the international Wikimedia Commons community in the past year were entered in this competition. These images include professional animal and plant shots, breathtaking panoramas and skylines, restorations of historical images, photographs portraying the world's best architecture, impressive human portraits, and so much more.
There are two total rounds of voting. In the first round, you voted for as many images as you liked. The top 30 overall and the most popular image in each category have continued to the final. In the final round, you may vote for just one image to become the Picture of the Year.
This Picture of the Year vote notification was delivered by MediaWiki message delivery (talk) 19:23, 22 February 2014 (UTC)
The 2013 Picture of the Year competition has ended and we are pleased to announce the results: We shattered participation records this year — more people voted in Picture of the Year 2013 than ever before. In both rounds, 4070 different people voted for their favorite images. Additionally, there were more image candidates (featured pictures) in the contest than ever before (962 images total).
In the second round, 2919 people voted for the 50 finalists (the top 30 overall and top 2 in each category)
We congratulate the winners of the contest and thank them for creating these beautiful images and sharing them as freely licensed content:
157 people voted for the winner, an image of a lightbulb with the tungsten filament smoking and burning.
In second place, 155 people voted for an image of "Sviati Hory" (Holy Mountains) National Park in Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.
We also sincerely thank to all 4070 voters for participating and we hope you will return for next year's contest in early 2015. We invite you to continue to participate in the Commons community by sharing your work.
File:AdalbertoSelfPortrait.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
A file that you have uploaded to Wikimedia Commons, File:Zapatista1915.JPG, was missing information about where it comes from or who created it, which is needed to verify its copyright status. The file probably has been deleted. If you've got all required information, request undeletion providing this information and the link to the concerned file ([[:File:Zapatista1915.JPG]]).
A file that you have uploaded to Wikimedia Commons, File:ZapatistasCruz1914.JPG, was missing information about where it comes from or who created it, which is needed to verify its copyright status. The file probably has been deleted. If you've got all required information, request undeletion providing this information and the link to the concerned file ([[:File:ZapatistasCruz1914.JPG]]).
A file that you have uploaded to Wikimedia Commons, File:ZapatistaprisonerDF.JPG, was missing information about where it comes from or who created it, which is needed to verify its copyright status. The file probably has been deleted. If you've got all required information, request undeletion providing this information and the link to the concerned file ([[:File:ZapatistaprisonerDF.JPG]]).
File:CarnVidaMex4BADF.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:RMontenegroBADF.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
Hello, would you please comment on User_talk:Fastily#Commons:Deletion_requests.2FMurals_by_Diego_Rivera? Thanks in advance. --Julius1990 (talk) 12:41, 10 June 2014 (UTC)
File:NuestroMercadoQuesos08.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:HomenajeNicolasMoreno11.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:CarrascoMcGheeSalazar03.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:ElpalcoZuloaga.JPG has been marked as a possible copyright violation. Wikimedia Commons only accepts free content—that is, images and other media files that can be used by anyone, for any purpose. Traditional copyright law does not grant these freedoms, and unless noted otherwise, everything you find on the web is copyrighted and not permitted here. For details on what is acceptable, please read Commons:Licensing. You may also find Commons:Copyright rules useful, or you can ask questions about Commons policies at the Commons:Help desk.
File:LaMejorSuerteZuloaga.JPG has been marked as a possible copyright violation. Wikimedia Commons only accepts free content—that is, images and other media files that can be used by anyone, for any purpose. Traditional copyright law does not grant these freedoms, and unless noted otherwise, everything you find on the web is copyrighted and not permitted here. For details on what is acceptable, please read Commons:Licensing. You may also find Commons:Copyright rules useful, or you can ask questions about Commons policies at the Commons:Help desk.
File:ElpalcoZuloaga.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:LaMejorSuerteZuloaga.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
You were previously nominated to receive a free t-shirt from the Wikimedia Foundation through our Merchandise Giveaway program (https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Merchandise_giveaways). Congratulations and thank you for your hard work!
Please email us at merchandise@wikimedia.org and we will send you full details on how to accept your free shirt.
File:2016BurningLinares014.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:2016BurningLinares015.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:AmealcoDollMuseum021.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:SceneTacubaya1904.JPG has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
Hello! The Wikimedia Foundation is asking for your feedback in a survey. We want to know how well we are supporting your work on and off wiki, and how we can change or improve things in the future.[survey 1] The opinions you share will directly affect the current and future work of the Wikimedia Foundation. You have been randomly selected to take this survey as we would like to hear from your Wikimedia community. To say thank you for your time, we are giving away 20 Wikimedia T-shirts to randomly selected people who take the survey.[survey 2] The survey is available in various languages and will take between 20 and 40 minutes.
You can find more information about this project. This survey is hosted by a third-party service and governed by this privacy statement. Please visit our frequently asked questions page to find more information about this survey. If you need additional help, or if you wish to opt-out of future communications about this survey, send an email to surveys@wikimedia.org.
↑ This survey is primarily meant to get feedback on the Wikimedia Foundation's current work, not long-term strategy.
↑ Legal stuff: No purchase necessary. Must be the age of majority to participate. Sponsored by the Wikimedia Foundation located at 149 New Montgomery, San Francisco, CA, USA, 94105. Ends January 31, 2017. Void where prohibited. Click here for contest rules.
File:LajuergaBilbao.JPG has been marked as a possible copyright violation. Wikimedia Commons only accepts free content—that is, images and other media files that can be used by anyone, for any purpose. Traditional copyright law does not grant these freedoms, and unless noted otherwise, everything you find on the web is copyrighted and not permitted here. For details on what is acceptable, please read Commons:Licensing. You may also find Commons:Copyright rules useful, or you can ask questions about Commons policies at the Commons:Help desk.
File:MercadoNiñoDiosDF043.jpg has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
File:MercadoNiñoDiosDF042.jpg has been listed at Commons:Deletion requests so that the community can discuss whether it should be kept or not. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at its entry.
Hello! This is a final reminder that the Wikimedia Foundation survey will close on 28 February, 2017 (23:59 UTC). The survey is available in various languages and will take between 20 and 40 minutes. Take the survey now.
About this survey: You can find more information about this project here or you can read the frequently asked questions. This survey is hosted by a third-party service and governed by this privacy statement. If you need additional help, or if you wish to opt-out of future communications about this survey, send an email through EmailUser function to User:EGalvez (WMF) or surveys@wikimedia.org. About the Wikimedia Foundation: The Wikimedia Foundation supports you by working on the software and technology to keep the sites fast, secure, and accessible, as well as supports Wikimedia programs and initiatives to expand access and support free knowledge globally. Thank you! --EGalvez (WMF) (talk) 07:59, 24 February 2017 (UTC)
Category:Bridge_over_Coatzacoalcos_River,_Highway_150,_Veracruz has been listed at Commons:Categories for discussion so that the community can discuss ways in which it should be changed. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at Commons:Categories for discussion/2017/04/Category:Bridge_over_Coatzacoalcos_River,_Highway_150,_Veracruz.
Puente Jaime Dovali has been listed at Commons:Categories for discussion so that the community can discuss ways in which it should be changed. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at Commons:Categories for discussion/2017/04/Category:Puente_Jaime_Dovali.
Category:Alavardo_Bridge_(Papaloapan) has been listed at Commons:Categories for discussion so that the community can discuss ways in which it should be changed. We would appreciate it if you could go to voice your opinion about this at Commons:Categories for discussion/2017/04/Category:Alavardo_Bridge_(Papaloapan).
We want to hear from you on how we can improve our community and looking forward to seeing you share your experience with other members. Take a look at the list below, find the ideas you like or submit your own.
Note: You can submit an official Aruba product feature request by going to Aruba Support Center. In case you need more information on how to submit a feature request, please read our how-to article.
Hi All, maybe it just exsist and i miss it, it's possible to have a mailing list that inform us when a new arubaos/meshos comes out with attached release notes? lot's of time i know that there's a new release only when i've issue and i look for that, maybe have a ml can help to prevent issues and keep us update on new release feature. ... View more
So, I find myself posting instructions at least once a week on how to put a user's device into debug mode on the controllers. I'm thinking it might be nice to have a Start Here section with information on how to do things like this. This would be a place where we could post a list of things to do before calling TAC or posting in the forum about a bug/issue. There is probably a way to have moderator approval prior to it being posted in that section, which would probably be a good idea as well. Just a thought. Zach ... View more
The current subject column is too short which makes it hard to read. It would be great if you could increase the column width for subject. so that it appears on a single line. ... View more
I am relatively new to Aruba Networks, and used the search to see if an application existed in my iPad/iPhone for an Aruba Networks application to use when in the lab to carry with me to reference material for configuration. Does Aruba have an app for that? ... View more
It would be too much asking making a gereral discution forum in which we can talk about anything? or is not part of the vision of airheads social? I wanted to post a tread about Cisco Buying meraki and i got no where to post it ... View more
Hello i was wondering if it possible to create a presales corner... Maybe a subforum for presales in which presales engineers can ask presales stuff to the community Also MAterial for presales for example Features that Cisco does not have that aruba has Features that Aero hive does not havethat aruba got A vs stuff like that in which it will help presales selling aruba :) ... View more
Hi, I would like to see tapatalk support for this forum, tapatalk is an optimized client to access webforums on mobile devices like tablets and phone (IOS/Android) http://www.tapatalk.com/ Regards Rene ... View more
BG: My LO (little one) will be 5 months next week. He's ALWAYS been a cat napper. We've tried an Eat/Wake/Sleep schedule, but he'll still nap for half hour max (on the very odd occasion an hour max). But these would at least be in the swing, or he was easily transferred to the crib.
Then at 4 months, enter ear infections, colds, sleep regression and international travel with time changes.
3 nights ago we started sleep training. We don't go in at all. The first night he cried for 36 mins, fell asleep and woke to eat at 4:30!
Last night back to 35 mins, woke at 11 and 3 to eat. With one extra wake up, but he cried for about 10 mins and went back to sleep.
Because he cat naps, at about 7 he sleeps for about 20 mins after his bottle and wakes up. So we continued with his regular bed time of about 8:45pm.
I know this is too late, and I want to try and cut his 7pm nap, but I'm worried about him being really overtired. Should I try to put him to bed after his bottle and let him CIO (cry it out) earlier? Or will that just lead to hours of crying?
Also, the crying time 36,45,35 doesn't seem right. Isn't is supposed to trend down? Am I doing something wrong?
The crying times will vary and may even get worse for a few nights if he fights the sleep training, but eventually will go down to nothing most nights. What are you doing for naps? CIO (cry it out) or rocking? When we sleep trained our son around 4/5 months his naps started getting better after a few days and over time got much better, but we nap trained at the same time. He was a cat napper too but before I knew it he was a great napper!
Part of the problem I think is that he doesn't have a nap schedule. I wait for sleepy cues from him (otherwise it's proved futile).
If he's in daycare he might have 1- 2 naps, usually after a bottle. With me at home I try and get him to sleep as soon as I see him getting tired. Usually 3-4 mini naps a day, consistant ones tend to be around 4pm and again at 7pm. All need him to be rocked to sleep, occasionally the swing helps.
So far it's taken him: 36, 45, 35 minutes, but eventually falls asleep and stays asleep until next feed sometime between 11pm -
Naps and bedtime might be at different times everyday, depending on a.m. wake up time and nap length.
The important thing is, to just follow the suggested wake times and do naps and bedtime accordingly.
After bath, massage and into PJs, then a short story. Then we kiss him and say goodnight and into the crib he goes
You can either go ahead and nap train at the same time as nights, or you can wait on nap training until nights are sorted out.
If naps are short, yes, you would just follow the next wake time. Bedtime might be on the early side for a few weeks.
Note: The Public Course Index is currently an account opt-in feature. If you cannot see the courses link, your institution has not enabled this feature. Learn how to include your course in the public course index.
You can view all courses that have been included in the public course index, with the most recently created courses shown first.
You can search for courses in several different ways. In the Name field [1], you can type the name of a course.
You can also search for courses by status. If you want to view only public courses, click the Public courses only checkbox [2]. If you want to view only open enrollment courses, click the Open enrollment courses only checkbox [3]. Open enrollment courses are courses that you can join at any time.
To view a course, click the name of the course [1]. If a course lets students self-enroll, you can join the course at any time by clicking the Join this Course button [2]. However, you can view the course first and enroll in the course home page.
Table of Contents > Global Navigation > How do I view my institution's Public Course Index as an instructor?
We want to start using the Auto-Responder feature but we can only see a good use for it if we were able to schedule the auto-responder email for a specific day and time. Right now, the only options for when to send is: immediately after contact is added to a list, hours after, days after, or weeks after. We don't see these as viable options ... View more
The new Marketing Calendar is good to have. But could the timestamp of each email show on the calendar, as well? The beta version used to have that and it was very helpful ... View more
I can no long upload pictures into any folder I want. We, as a company, have a lot of folders for media content and - for some reason - we cannot choose what folders we want to upload a picture in. We have two main folders and then a large amount of subfolders within the two. As of now, pictures can only be uploaded into the two main folders - not the subfolders. Please look into this. ... View more
I don't know how many times I have made this suggestion. I have seen many others make or support this suggestion on other CC feedback forums. Our company's sales reps keep asking the Marketing Dept to suggest this idea to CC over and over again, please implement it... ... View more
So many CC users have complained about the fact that there is currently no "view in browser" link. In addition, all of the sales reps in our company have complained about it. Working around this manually is too much, we need the simpler [and common] option! ... View more
Hi @Hannah_M I could not tell you which email campaigns this has happened with, but it has happened with multiple of them By duplicates, I mean duplicate contacts. I end up getting duplicate contacts when I download the Excel file and open it. The clicked links were not a factor, I made sure of it. ... View more
When I open a saved email draft, I have notice that random features are deleted (i.e. spacers, bold fonts, divider lines, etc.) There doesn't seem to be a system, it is completely random and only happens to some email drafts. ... View more
... Including duplicates. This used to never happen. Pulling unique clicks from a report means we should not be pulling duplicates from the same report. ... View more
This is a glitch that happens randomly, but often. When we upload an image and make it bigger (big enough to fulfill the 600 pixel width) it does not always save at the 600 pixel wdith. It gets a little bit smaller, but noticeable enough that it messes up the email. 1st picture shows you that there are 3 images (padding is added just to separate the images) 2nd picture shows you the result after it is saved and refreshed/tested. ... View more
Text boxes randomly change the spacing above and below text after some new text is pasted. If we wanted more space above or below text we would just add a spacer... ... View more
I don't know for sure that any removed email addresses received emails after being removed. The question only came to be when we still saw the removed email addresses under the bounce rate and [as a result] our bounce rate was higher than it should be. When someone thinks about removing an email address that is "recommended for removal", they think that the removed email address would disappear and not affect the bounce rate ever again. ... View more
Why do campaigns still attempt to send to bounced email addresses that were already removed a while ago? By removing the bounced email addresses, we should not see those email addresses show up as "bounces"... Screenshot attached. ... View more
Being able to attach a social media bar to an email is great. But we have more than one facebook account, twitter account, youtube account, etc. We would like the ability to change the social media link to each button depending on the email and NOT worry about the links changing in other emails. Attached [to this feedback] is 2 pictures to give an example of what we want to do with our 2 brands. We cannot do it because attaching the social media links in one campaign changes the social media links in all campaigns ... View more
A search bar to search through all campaigns would be nice / make things a little easier and faster ... View more
@Ariana_L We upload the full image while creating the email; then try to crop it, accordingly, using the "edit image" option. ... View more
It's really important to know what time each email is scheduled to be sent. We send out multiple emails per day - we cannot keep track of the TIME that each email is going to be sent without the Marketing Calendar or time stamp. ... View more
Cropping an image causes an unwanted border. See example (screenshot) below - the top left picture was cropped and the border shows up. The picture should be border-less like the other pictures around it. ... View more
We would like to be able to change the size of the button feature. Although we may have small text in the button (i.e. Contact Us) we still feel that a larger/longer button catches more attention. ... View more
We'd like to be able to change the size of a button. Although we may have small text in the button (i.e. "Contact Us") we still feel like a larger (longer) button draws more attention. ... View more
CC took away 2 things: 1. The date and time that emails are scheduled for in the "Status" folder. 2. The Marketing Calendar which was the only way to know what time emails were scheduled for. We need one or the other to know when emails are scheduled to send. Day and time are important. ... View more
We cannot create a new sign up form; nor can we rename any sign up forms. When we click "Create a new signup form" we are only able to edit the default sign up form - it does not "CREATE" a new one... ... View more
It would be really helpful to anyone who finds a search bar easier than scrolling through folders ... View more
Enable CTRL+click function to open a new tab from clickable link! Opening a new tab, then opening CC from the beginning, is tedious and annoying! ... View more
I, like many others, prefer to work using multiple tabs, even of the same website. Opening the same website in separate tabs is tedious. We would find it easier if we could CTRL+Click anywhere on a website to open a new tab. Thanks! ... View more
The email this happened on previously has already been fixed because it was sent out yesterday. This does seem to occur multiple times though. The email client I use is Outlook Portal and Microsoft Outlook 2010. I tried replicating the occurence using the email campaign named "Spacer glitch test". When I put the editing view and the test email side-by-side, there is noticeable extra space from the spacers. Sometimes, the extra space is even more dramatic. By all means, feel free to use the same draft in order to test it. Thanks! ... View more
Sorry for the delay in posting this, I started working on it some days ago but have only just found time to finish it today.
If we are compelled to use Nextcloud for commercially important collaborations on a deadline, for example, I think I’d like some more information on how it’s going to be supported and whether we can rely on it being available 24/7.
I was thinking primarily about reliability (an uptime guarantee or SLA?) and backups/disaster recovery… If we were to move important parts of our business to Nextcloud, I’d expect to have to pay (and I think someone should be paid) for those kind of guarantees.
I didn’t come up with the recommendations from Wortley Hall so I don’t feel that I need to defend them or explain what “should” means in this context and whether it can be equated with being “compelled” — other people are in a better position than I am to answer your first question.
Regarding “how it’s going to be supported” — we are, and intend to continue, supporting the Nextcloud server at office.coops.tech in the same manner in which we would support a Nextcloud server provided for a client, this involves:
Applying Debian security updates as soon as they are available (I start getting alerts from the server every 5 mins on my phone when security updates are available). Of course I take heed of the nature of the updates and depending on the application being updated and the reason for the update take more or less care in applying the update, for example an update to a package that isn’t used on a regular basis would be applied without much testing or thought (for example there was a new version of rsync for Stretch and Jessie servers that came out last night after I had gone to bed, so I did the updates while in bed) whereas a security update to PHP7.0 would require reading up on what exactly was changed and checking that this wouldn’t cause any problems, applying it to a test server first and then applying it to the office.coops.tech server and after applying it testing that everything is still working by logging into the server etc. These updates are often applied outside of office hours using a Linux phone.
Applying Docker CE updates, the quarterly version updates and security point releases haven’t caused issues in the past and these would be therefore be applied quickly, of course these update would be tested on a development server first.
Applying CODE updates, since the online editor is only available to authenticated users and is behind a proxy, security updates are less critical so updates would probably done as needs be or when important bugs are fixed or new features made available. CODE updates are also a little tricky as there appears to be unidentified bugs.
Applying Nextcloud security updates, within a working day, these updates are a little more complicated so need a little time to first deploy them on test / development servers and then on lives ones.
Nextcloud app updates can’t (last time I checked) be done using the command line, but can be done by anyone with admin rights in Nextcloud, we would generally leave these to clients to update for this reason but in this case, if nobody else does them then I expect that I would pick this up as and when. If a more formal agreement / process is needed for app updates then perhaps we can discuss this in the thread below.
Debian version updates, the point releases to Debian versions generally contain non-urgent security updates (urgent ones are pushed out straight away), for example see the updates in the recent 9.3 release and are applied quickly.
We generally have very good reliability on the infrastructure we have built in Sheffield (file servers running FreeBSD and ZFS and front facing servers running Debian and Xen) and we take regular snapshots of all the virtual servers we host and back these up onto another server and keep 60 days worth of these snapshots.
We did, and will again soon, then backup the backups to another server in another city but this isn’t happening right now due to a hardware failure, we have however ordered a pair of new backup servers in the last week (2 x 1U, 8 cores, 64GB RAM, 4 x 10TB disks and a 128GB SSD system drive) and hope to have these up and running early in the new year.
We don’t have any uptime figures from a third party (though we should get this set up) so we can’t claim 99.9% uptime or whatever, but we probably do achieve that. We were however, before the installation of our latest front facing server, having occasional issues with disk write time to the ZFS server and there were four incidences earlier this year where we had to reboot almost everything as a result (5th October, 24th August, 5th July and 30th April). We hope to be able to upgrade our main file server in 2018 to ensure that incidents like this never happen again.
This year we also had a data centre room move, but we don’t expect to have another of those for many years.
In terms of restoring data from the filesystem backups, this is a fairly straightforward task and don’t take long, it is however something we don’t need to do very often. In the event of a major accident in Sheffield (for example a meteor strike destroying the rack and all the server in it) we would have to quickly rent hardware elsewhere and restore from the Manchester backups, this is something that would take a little while but I expect that we would be able to get everything up and running again in a matter of days.
There are only two techies who work for Webarchitects (the other worker members are non-technical) and neither of us work shifts so in the event of a problem at, for example, 4am then you would have to wait untill we wake up to fix things — would this really be a problem? Are you expecting to need to use the Nextcloud server through the night? Also given the nature of the service (all data is synced to client machines) I find it hard to imagine a situation where a brief unavailability would cause a major problem.
However I do intend to create a CoTech shared address book on the Nextcloud server and I will put my mobile and home landline numbers in it so if there was a problem that you considered it worth waking me about (for example just before a deadline for a massive joint bid for work and somehow some data being on the server but not on any client machines or something) then of course I’d be happy to be woken up in order to help.
Of course when we have had problems with hardware and have needed to work through the night we have done so (we had some RAM fail after moving a 10 year old server some months ago and didn’t get to leave the data centre untill past 4:30am) — keeping things up and running is something that we take very seriously and is a very high priority for us.
But, I’m afraid to say that we don’t have a verbose, legal type document to link to that put all these things in a language designed for lawyers to argue over.
As I said to you a few other people at Wortley Hall, I have been working on the assumption that until there is a legal CoTech entity there isn’t really an organisation to take on things like the legal ownership of the coops.tech domain name or to do things like employ people. Furthermore a lot of the co-ops have been providing their time and services and in some case paying for things (of example Outlandish printing flyers) to help get the network established and I have viewed our hosting, sysadmin and devops services in this light — a contribution to help build this network
Thanks for the great explanation and insight into your setup and practices. It makes me think we should all be sharing info like this!
@chris - thank you so much for a detailed and informative write-up. As well as helping everyone to decide whether and how to migrate to Nextcloud you’ve also given us a great insight into the huge amount of “behind the scenes” work you and WA put in to making this kind of service available to everyone.
Not necessarily through the night, but I know that some coops have folks who travel (as it happens I’m on GMT-5 at the moment) so it’s good to know a bit more about what would happen “out of hours”. I don’t think this is a big concern at all for the collaborative projects we’re getting involved in at the moment, but it might be a bit more of a concern if we moved all of our coops stuff away from Google to Nextcloud.
Furthermore a lot of the co-ops have been providing their time and services and in some case paying for things (of example Outlandish printing flyers) to help get the network established and I have viewed our hosting, sysadmin and devops services in this light — a contribution to help build this network
I think this is very generous of you all and very much appreciated. I also think you should feel free to ask for contributions / people and organisations to join WA / cobudget etc if and when you feel you need it.
The weird sense of duty really good sysadmins have can border on the sociopathic, but it's nice to know that it stands between the forces of darkness and your cat blog's servers.
Hello, I have a new Motec ADL2 logger for $1750.00 US, this is the head unit only you'll need to go to Motec for a wiring harness. This is an incredibly powerful device. I've included a link to an owners manual in PDF format.
Hello out there. Just registered for membership today and looking forward to getting out to some HPDE events this year. Would be nice to link up with some locals as none of my friends are close by.
I just picked up a 2004 GTO to run HPDE events. A previous owner did some suspension work (poly bushings, coilovers) but it feels a bit off. I just bought some new wheels and was looking to get a 4 wheel alignment done before hitting my first event in it. Would also be great to get a pre track tech inspection as well.
When using -n, there is a much more verbose output, indicating if each certificate was due to renewal.
I’d like to have a simple output with just what certificate has been renewed. Is there already this kind of output?
Although I have a lot of research on the internet, I still cannot understand what are these two suppose to do.
How can we limit and page the number of records that are pulled down from the AppServer per request?
We are trying to build a simple transaction viewer grid that displays selected transaction information. The BE is read-only, no create/update/delete. The transaction table has more than 61,000 records and all records are pulled down and read into the grid before the grid displays. It takes more than a minute before the UI is first displayed. Navigation within the records is quick once the grid has been built. We'd rather the grid be displayed quickly with perhaps 10 or 100 records to start with. The user can then enter the appropriate filter with (e.g.) the desired date range and another request should go back to the AppServer to retrieve another data set. Even with no filtering, as the user navigates through the data, the UI should make requests as needed for more from the AS.
We tried implementing the myCount method (but not JFP stuff), but no records are returned and the KUIB app displays an "Unexpected response from 'MyCount' operation" error.
1. To implement paging to reduce network traffic as described above, do we need to implement the JFP input and myCount things (including adding a seq and id to probably every table that's accessed by the KUIB) as documented above?
3. Is there a simpler, more maintainable way to implement paging to reduce network bandwith? It's just not practical in any real app to always bring down thousands of rows every time a data grid is displayed. I just wonder about the long term maintenance that we'll need to implement all these back end and front end customizations to make the apps perform in a usable manner.
Please notice that the extra seq and id fields are only needed on the temp-table definition, they are not required in the actual database table.
The id property is used to support queries using an ID. This functionality is currently not used by Kendo UI Builder.
You can implement your own filter pattern but it is easier to use the JFP. It depends on your requirements.
You would need to do update the READ method to process the JFP, perhaps by calling JFPFillMethod() as in the sample code or doing your own processing.
The "Unexpected response" message would mean that the response does not have the expected structure. Please confirm that the signature of the count method as in the one in the same.
I have kind of a unique need I guess. I didn't find any topic covering what I'm looking for therefore I think no one looked at it the way I do :)
Basically, I created a workflow that will automatically create a record (task) when modifying a specific field in accounts.
I don't need Sugarcrm to remind the users about it. They are already on Sugar everyday and have very specific dashboards that get updated automatically following to the records that are created/edited.
Having an email going out to the users is okay when you edit less than 10 accounts. But when you update more than a 100 accounts, 100+ emails are sent... and no one reads them. It's more of a pain for the users then a real help.
Found my solution! Very silly of me, I was on my beta environment instead of prod and of course, I did not turn off the notifications when a record is assigned to someone.
Under each individual users profile; they can turn off notifications for himself. This does not affect the entire Sugar installation.
In our utilization of Sugar, we have opted for option 1 above. We use either Workflow Alerts or Process Author alerts to notify users of important items.

Top Ten Tuesday is held over at That Artsy Reader Girl, where every week bloggers list their top 10 being asked about. This week’s post is about your favourite book quotes.
My brain kind of exploded with the that because I couldn’t pick the books to choose from. So I did something differently: I chose some quotes about reading and writing from Australian Female authors.
Friends and family do not believe you write fiction. They truly believe that every word you write is autobiographical or based on them. I once had a character say she never wanted to be invited to a children’s party, and I never received another children’s birthday party after that
The fire of literacy is created by the emotional sparks between a child, a book, and the person reading. It isn’t achieved by the book alone, nor by the child alone, nor by the adult who’s reading aloud—it’s the relationship winding between all three, bringing them together in easy harmony.
Mem Fox is going to be THAT author for a whole generation of young readers: the one that they’ll think of fondly and list as one of their best reads of their childhood.
I do most of my reading on the train to and from work. But I always have a book in my handbag so that I can read at any time anywhere.
I think some people wished I’d kept myself out of the book. But I kind of insist on it because I want the reader to share my engagement with the material, if you like, not pretend that I’m doing it completely intellectually.
Helen Garner wrote the first true-crime book I’ve ever read, and it was an excellent read, but one that left me feeling slightly uncomfortable with how close she was to the case in question and this is why. Still makes me a wee bit uncomfortable though.
The key is that I let characters live in my head for a very long time and I listen to their voices before I commit them to paper.
Melina Marchetta who wrote a ton of amazing Australian books that defined a generation and Tell the Truth, Shame the Devil which blew me away — still does.
Diverse voices matter in Australia — now more than ever. Story is how we mark-make, how we history-stake: how we say this is how it happened, this is what we saw and this is who we are.
Maxine Beneba Clarke, who is an Australian writer and slam poet of Afro-Carribean descent. And she nails what it means to have diverse voices in Australia.
The first one made me laugh lol. And ooh, I really like the one about letting the characters live in her head before writing, that sounds like a great way to get to know them and make them come alive more in the writing!
I didn’t do the topic this week as it was way too time consuming compared to a nice book list. Nice twist on the topic.
And I ADORE Mem Fox and I just love that quote you used from her. What a lovely way to think of it and oh so true!
Haha, the first one made me laugh so hard, too! I love all the ones you shared, thank you 🙂 And hey, I might always have a book in my handbag as well 😉
Oh gosh, that first one is too funny!! People do tend to think books reflect the writer, which is not true at all.
Poor Miorarty! But jeez, that is funny. I bet a lot of authors run into that same thing all the time with their families. Lol… These quotes are great!
So many of these quotes are brilliant. I love the fact that Liane Moriarty and Helen Garner are polar opposites – one of them not making the characters autobiographical and the other putting herself into the story – while I definitely relate to the Randa Abdel Fattah quote. I can’t go anywhere without a book in my bag!
I haven’t heard of Maxine Beneba Clarke, but after reading that quote, I really need to check her out!
That first one made me laugh, but it’s so true! Friends and family eventually believe it’s about them.
Fabulous list and a nice take on today’s topic 🙂 I loved all these quotes though I haven’t read any of these books yet.
hahaha yes! Liane quote is hilarious BUT SO TRUE! My hubby often asks WHICH ONE of my characters is based on him. He is POSITIVE at least one is! LOL
Verushka is a blogger, reviewer and freelancer living in Sydney. She is available for reviews, blogging and other freelance work you might need from a word nerd!
I was having a conversation with my cousin today who had just seen off her sister back to Singapore for 12 weeks… and then…
There is no part of the world that will be more consequential for our children’s future than the Asia-Pacific region.

Learn with Little Gift the Giant Panda Cub the importance of panda preservation, what pandas like to eat, and how popcorn pops.
Learn with Bonita the Fruit Bat how to count from one to ten using colors and foods she likes to eat.

Given a stream of heterogeneous graphs containing different types of nodes and edges, how can we spot anomalous ones in real-time while consuming bounded memory? This problem is motivated by and generalizes from its application in security to host-level advanced persistent threat (APT) detection. We propose StreamSpot, a clustering based anomaly detection approach that addresses challenges in two key fronts: (1) heterogeneity, and (2) streaming nature. We introduce a new similarity function for heterogeneous graphs that compares two graphs based on their relative frequency of local substructures, represented as short strings. This function lends itself to a vector representation of a graph, which is (a) fast to compute, and (b) amenable to a sketched version with bounded size that preserves similarity.
StreamSpot exhibits desirable properties that a streaming application requires—it is (i) fully-streaming; processing the stream one edge at a time as it arrives, (ii) memory efficient; requiring constant space for the sketches and the clustering, (iii) fast; taking constant time to update the graph sketches and the cluster summaries that can process over 100K edges per second, and (iv) online; scoring and flagging anomalies in real time. Experiments on datasets containing simulated system-call flow graphs from normal browser activity and various attack scenarios (ground truth) show that StreamSpot is high-performance; achieving above 95% detection accuracy with small delay, as well as competitive time and memory usage.

Francis Collins is one of the world’s most important scientist, leader of the Human Genome Project. Yet what’s make him more interesting is that he is a devout Christian, a man of religion who believes that God can be worshipped in the Cathedral and the Laboratory.
Read this interesting interview featured in the National Geographic Magazine (Voices: Issue Feb, 2007) as Francis Collins discusses the subject of science and religion with John Horgan (an agnostic and the director of the Center for Science Writings at the Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken) :
“…We also have this thing called free will which we exercise all the time to break the law. We shouldn’t blame faith for the ways people distort it and misuse it.”
“…if God had to intevene miraculously every time one of us chose to do something evil, it would be a very strange, chaotic and unpredictable world.”
No matter if we are Jewish, Christians, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhist…agnostics or atheists….whatever creed we are holding on to, we must always choose the Middle Path in conducting our mundane daily affairs and in our relationship with others – prevent evil and destructive behaviors and promote what is just and good… To quote Collins :
This entry was posted in being human and tagged francis collins, national geographic interview, the point where religion and science meet. Bookmark the permalink.	
The Sous Chef works in a dynamic environment that drives one to test their leadership, technological and cooking abilities.
• Supervise controls to minimize waste; perform frequent checks to ensure consistent high quality of preparation and service
• Ensure that all quality and health/safety requirements are met in accordance with federal, state, & local standards (FIFO, LIFO, and other sanitation guidelines exp)
We are looking to add a Massage Therapist to our team. See below for details and to apply for the position. This is a great opportunity to be a part of an organization that believes our team members are our most important resource and therefore take great pride in selecting individuals that help us to achieve our clubs mission.
The Massage Therapist is responsible for performing Spa Treatments in a courteous and professional manner with our Guest.
Adhere to all sanitation and licensing guidelines, and be an active partner in insuring a clean and professional appearance of work area and salon.
She liked to listen to podcasts. Specifically, she liked to load up a gazillion episodes on an ancient, barely digital mp3 player and walk around the cityscape with voices talking in her ear. Sometimes, they said interesting things, but most of the time they were just good company – friends and travel companions in a handy, portable package.
Being in a hurry is a strange state of mind. You miss things you’d see in a non-hurried state, and conversely notice things you’d not otherwise notice. This particular day, she was in a state beyond hurried – the need for speed was worthy of an ancient Greek poem suddenly being rediscovered in a forgotten monastery. As she arrived at her destination, her hurried self was mostly on autopilot, and thus reached for the off button on her mp3 player. It was not there, but being partly metaphysical at this point, she pressed it anyway. Through some unknown means, she had reached through to the control panel of her universe, managing to – through the pressing of one single stop button – bring her internal monologue to an end.
This entry was written by -, posted on January 25, 2018 at 03:03, filed under The kairos made me do it. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.

14 Nov: If Ireland beat the All Blacks this weekend, it doesn't make them the best team in the world... more
A better day on the injury front for Ireland ahead of this weekend's test against the All Blacks in Dublin
14 Nov: A better day on the injury front for Ireland ahead of this weekend's test against the All Blacks in Dublin... more
All Blacks midfielder Ryan Crotty looms as a key cog in the backline, ahead of Dublin match this weekend
13 Nov: All Blacks midfielder Ryan Crotty looms as a key cog in the backline, ahead of the top two teams in world rugby squaring off in Dublin this weekend... more
12 Nov: The Chiefs will take their Super Rugby home match against the Crusaders to Fiji next year... more
11 Nov: Beauden Barrett's goal kicking has provided an edge in the All Blacks' win over England... more
24 Oct: An Auckland school rugby coach facing more than 100 charges of sexually abusing 18 young boys has been found guilty of the majority of his offending ++++++++
16 Oct: The Black Ferns will use their Northern Tour for the chance to fill the gaps left by their sevens players +++++
07 Nov: The early arrival into London of two thirds of the All Blacks squad appears to have worked a treat ++++
17 Oct: The men's Black Sticks are expecting a tight four test series against Canada, getting underway tonight in Warkworth ++++
16 Oct: The Maori All Blacks will be able to call upon a handful of players who missed out on All Blacks selection ++++
14 Nov: Rugby: former all black tana umaga and brian o'driscoll finally bury the hatchet over 'speargate' controversy from 2005 lions tour (NZ Herald)
14 Nov: Rugby: 'i couldn't tackle back then' - beauden barrett reflects on his all blacks debut against ireland (NZ Herald)
Good Morning Whatsapp Images for DP status msg HD सुप्रभात was posted in August 26 2018 at 1:49 am and has been seen by 26 users. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery bellow.
The 24 best ✌️Middle finger to my Old Life✌ images on was posted in August 25 2018 at 12:51 pm and has been seen by 24 users. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery bellow.
Hi - I was searching on HomeFinder.com, and I'd like to chat with you about properties for sale near 25962.
Super cute 4 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage home for rent. Beautiful hardwood flooring and new carpet in the basement. This home has lots of storage as well as a fully fenced back yard. Tenant is responsible for utilities. Small pets ok with owner approval and pet deposit
Midland BioCare is your solution to a clean and healthy home. We steam clean carpet to the highest of standards using state of the art truck mounted equipment. Midland BioCare also offers services to help clean up water damage, smoke and odor removal, sewer back ups, trauma, blood and or ...
Mike found a bad ignition in my oven.He went out to his truck and had one.He said the part cost 58.00 and it would be 70.00 labor,total cost was 128.00.I will use these guys again and will recommend them to all my friends.
Had to call Maytag Appliance Repair minor repair of the washer,2 days later they came in fixed the part in 20 minutes.Excellent service,i would recommend to friends or use this company again.
As kids we all grew up with stories of fairytale creatures or characters living in shoe shaped houses. I personally must have drawn at least a 100 pictures of such homes. And I remember a girl in my school having a doll sized shoe house. I was intensely jealous of her for that.
For some of us a drawing or doll size version wasn’t enough… nor did they outgrow their fetish as an adult as the images below prove.
This entry was posted in Unusual homes and tagged design, fairytale, fetish, shoe, unusual. Bookmark the permalink.	

I didn't get to place an order on the Marc by Marc Jacobs bag and now it's sold out in pink! I don't like the other colours so it's time to look for another one.
I wasn't inspired by the bags on offer on shopbop nor theOutnet, so I went to etsy for something outside of the usual brands.
I like the clean lines and the tassle is fun, and it is slightly smaller than the MBMJ bag which is a plus for me. It also has a detachable cross shoulder strap for versatility. The price is reasonable too ($US178 + $US18 delivery).
The type of leather. It looks a bit rigid in the photo above and I like soft leather. It may be dependent on the colour though as the same bag in another colour looks softer.
The plum is the only bright colour I'm considering, but I think this bag may suit a more neutral tone, maybe the taupe or the buff? And the camel is meant to the the black ...
I think I will convo with the seller, maybe request for a swatch. In the meantime, what do you think?
P.S. The ASOS order arrived yesterday and Mr Curious received his etsy ties 2 weeks ago ... will blog about them soon.
P.P.S. When I was deciding the colour for the etsy bag, I went back to shopbop and they have the Marc by Marc Jacobs bag that I wanted in stock (one only, I'm guessing return stock), after some deliberations I decided to make the purchase and it is on schedule to arrange next Monday. Yay!
Love this bag - now considering getting one myself. Be sure to update and let us know how it turns out x

Welcome to 8tracks radio: free music streaming for any time, place, or mood. tagged with hip hop, rap, and chill. You can also download one of our free apps to enjoy internet radio on your favorite device.
This fully secluded two-story home features large backyard, covered parking, separate living and dining room, kitchen, a bedroom with a full bathroom downstairs. The 2nd floor features three bedrooms with two full bathrooms, a reservoir of 200 gallons of water, a balcony, and much more. Seller is very motivated.
9Cover presents you the frozen forest nature photo cover for free and high definition quality. You can use it on your Facebook timeline profile. You also check our partner Emoticone Facebook, they offer great Smiley facebook. This frozen forest nature cover was added on 2016-06-05 in the nature fb covers section and downloaded 596 times by facebook users, you can also check our nature facebook covers.
9COVER is your best HD source for Photo frozen forest nature 851x315 Facebook Covers Picture. There's many frozen forest nature Covers for facebook timeline and they are updated like everyday. Don't forget to visit us soonly to upload more free hd frozen forest nature Facebook banners.
Now, this is a real fight! Style against a complete lack of style. Kitch taking on glitz. The 70’s punching in out against the 90’s, but the 70’s isn’t allowed to punch, so it just sort of hugs it out!
Jason: Ok so first off this show isn’t that bad. But what I’m talking about is specifically “Challenge of the Super Friend”. There are 9 different versions of “Super Friends” running from 1973-1986! What we’re talking about is Challenge of the Super Friends 1978-1979.
The show is two segments: the first one is with the usual Bat, Superman, Wonder Woman and then the ridiculous Wonder Twins and their monkey. Yah, a monkey so kids can relate to it because cartoon characters aren’t enough by themselves they need a monkey. Ah the 70’s.
The second half featured Green Lantern and then a Samurai (named Samurai), Black Vulcan, and Apache Chief of the JLA fighting the Legion of Doom, so you’d have to wait (yeah that’s right kids we’d actually have to wait till the shitty part of the show was done till it got to the good stuff).
So this show has a couple of good points. JLA is cool because you get to see the DC team up and fight some pretty badass villains. This was really the first attempt I can think of to explain and expand the DC universe outside of the comic books. Which in case you’re living under a rock, is exactly what Marvel is doing right now with its live action stuff MCU. So it was ahead of its time in a way.
Ok, so that’s the good stuff. Notice it’s short ,right? So it’s the 70’s and the animation isn’t great compared to the 40 + years between then and now. It’s monster of the week with very little over-arching plot. But the show is about the “Characters” right? Yeah right. Batman in this is still essentially Adam-West-campy and literally uses “Bat-Lube” to escape Solomon Grundy at one point. Everyone else is either Freddy, Velma or Daphne while the fucking Monkey makes dumb-dumb noises, and the Wonder Twins turn into stupid things. I don’t know who decided that this show needs comic relief, or that it was more important for us to see Aquaman, Batman and Wonder Woman react to the twins bathing the monkey than to… say battling one of the villains or trying to save the world. Same writer who came up with that compelling “Bat-Lube” line no doubt
This show was very much a product of its time; slightly sexist, slightly racist, a little dumb. But it’s the first step and about as watchable as Fantastic Four ’78. Both these shows are time capsules of the era they were made in. This one just happens to be filled with polyester, mustaches and funky trumpets.
First off, the show had an amazing cast of villains in the Legion of Doom. If you go back and take a look at those 60’s and 70’s hero cartoons, you’ll see an awful lot of wonky, made for TV villains. Spider-Man versus the giant green cat. Flash fights the yellow aliens. Stuff like that. But here, we get Lex Luthor, Brainiac, Captain Cold, Gorilla Grodd, Cheetah, Solomon Grundy, Bizarro, Giganta, Toyman, Sinestro, Scarecrow, Black Manta and the Riddler.
Any piece of superhero entertainment is only as good as it’s villains. That’s why “The Avengers” was good (Loki), and “Age of Ultron” was bad (Sassy Robot).
The Legion of Doom is exceptional as a foil for the Superfriends. They mean business, and they are always out to destroy the heroes and conquer the world. They have the coolest characters and they hang out in the coolest secret base this side of Cobra Commander. Solid gold.
Secondly, can you image how ballsy it must have been to introduce Samurai, Black Vulcan and Apache Chief on a kids cartoon? Stereotypes aside, they created an Asian, a Native-American and an African-American hero and just tossed them out there. That’s so progressive, it happens even before the actual Justice League of America comic book. Heck, even Giant-Size X-Men #1 was only 3 years out at that point (where they introduce the new globally-sourced team with Storm, Nightcrawler, Colossus, Thunderbird, Banshee, and Wolverine on the team).
And yes, Samurai, Black Vulcan, and Apache Chief are far from perfect, but I still want to applaud the intent. They didn’t have to create these guys for a show like this, but they did.
Jason: Out of the 70′s and straight into the 90′s, where we dream of mid-21st century William Gibson cyberpunk style.
If you want to get into character for this one, go read Virtual Light. (Or alternatively, listen to the audio book as read by Perter Weller. Yeah that’s right, ROBOCOP!)
So this show is built on the road paved by Batman TAS, it has the same voices as Batman TAS. Notably Kevin Conroy, and Mark Hamill and really is a continuation of that show. That being said, it’s great. Starts off strong with lots of moral conflicts. Batman is really himself in this show, the kid he picks as his successor is rough around the edges but watching his character develop is great. The writing on this show is tight, and it actually creates more than it draws on the old Batman canon. The animation isn’t as slick as we’ve seen from some of the shows past the 2000 mark but considering this show is now 17 years old it’s pretty solid. The intro sequence is nice, blending cool computer stuff with classic animation. This show is a true successor to Batman TAS. More than just a dystopian ( that’s how they thought the future would be) laugh fest like Space 1999. This show catches the same vibe as Bladerunner, the future setting is just the setting, the story is the real highlight here. I think those of us who remember the 90′s will get a kick out of it and those who don’t won’t get the same nostalgia high but will still be able to enjoy the heart of the story.
As well, this show has a true beginning, middle, and end. After 3 seasons the true series finale had to be done on an episode of The Justice League Unlimited episode “Epilogue”, which neatly ties up all the great loose plot threads from the show.
Great show all around. This is one of the shows I point to when I start making my case that cartoons shifted in the last twenty or so years, to cater and grow with the audience from the 80′s as we age.
Batman Beyond, in direct opposition to Challenge of the Superfriends, has no great villains. The Jokerz? Derivative. Derek Powers? Electric Lex Luthor rip-off. Inque? Who?
I think it’s very telling that the best episode of Batman Beyond takes place in Justice League Unlimited with “Epilogue”.
Jason: True, no strong villain rises up to challenge the new Batman, while “Challenge” has a whole room full of them, (points for “Challenge”). But as a counterpoint, the protagonist isn’t clear in Super Friends either. If it’s based on screen time then it’s these asshats:
So Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman are playing second fiddle to a female version of Beast Boy and a dude who can turn into water (for which to wash his space monkey). Where does the dirt go Zan, when you’re washing the poop off your monkey? It goes in the water Zan, that means it’s in you!
Gleek is annoying, I will grant you that. But the Wonder Twins are delightful imps, getting in and out of trouble in a stuffy, tight collared world.
While I load up on Jolt cola and listen to Rollins band jabber on about a conspiracy theory. Wonder Twins and and weak bad guys aside, Batman Beyond is a clear winner here.
Scott: I’ll give it to BB, but it’s not clear. The edge is the one-two punch of Old Man Bruce Wayne and Ace, the Bat-hound.
Batman Beyond advances, but stay tuned as next we pit “The Savage Dragon” against “WildC.A.T.s” in an all-Image throwdown!
Welcome to The Smooth Spot, an intimate, professional recording studio in midtown Manhattan. At the heart of this New York City studio is the beautiful whisper-quiet isolation booth where vocals are recorded using the highest quality microphones available. A Kawai 6' grand piano, V-drums and the comfortable environment all make The Smooth Spot the ideal place for opera singers, jazz, R&B, rock and pop artists, musical theater performers, voice-over artists and composers in New York City. Whether this is your first time in a recording studio or you are an accomplished professional, The Smooth Spot experience gives you exactly what you need. A beautiful space, the right equipment, and personal, individualized attention to your project are what make The Smooth Spot recording studio the place you will love to record.


Posted in Architecture, ART, BYGONE ADVERTISING AND PACKAGING, DESIGN, exhibitions, LIVING IN THE PAST: NOSTALGIA, Uncategorized with tags ART, baltic contemporary art centre gateshead, bbc television, Gateshead, Ronnie Wood, turner prize on November 2, 2011 by echostains
Musician,artist and printmaker Ronnie Wood, who plays with the Rolling Stones (and has also played with The Faces, and the Jeff Beck Group) trained at Ealing Art College. His new exhibition, called ‘Time and Places’ will showcase 100 pieces of his work, including paintings of Jimi Hendrix, Slash and portraits of friends and family. It shall run 7 – 12th November Cork Street, Mayfair. London. Wood had this to say about his work:-
“People don’t know that I’m an artist. Playing music as part of a team effort is wonderful, but to express individuality as an artist is very personal. Art is more powerful, a more personal statement.”
Creativity is creativity, but I take his point about personal expression and the need for own space to indulge this. A group of artists can all bounce off each other and feed off ideas, each with their individual interpretation, – the inner journey must be solitary though.
Meanwhile, it’s nearly that time again. No not Bonfire night – The Annual Turner Prize is nearly upon us. love it or hate it, The Turner Prize has attracted controversy since it began back in 1984 to celebrate new developments in contemporary art. Contenders have to have had outstanding exhibitions – and be under 50.
This year the exhibition will be held in the wonder BALTIC Centre for Contemporary Arts Gateshead. This is a wonderful venue – a large and airy space which used to be an old flour mill (see my review of this arts centre from when we visited – here) The contenders for the Turner Prize this year are;-
I shall be reviewing the other contenders in a later post, but my attention was drawn to the strange media of artist Karla Black – obviously a person after my heart where diverse media is concerned. Whilst I have ground soft pastels mixed with polyfiller, and have flirted with latex, recycled acrylic scraps, Black uses crushed bath bombs (must smell wonderful!) foodstuffs and even medicines to make her sculptures. Heavily influenced by psychoanalysis, she states;-
‘While there are ideas about psychological and emotional developmental processes held within the sculptures I make, the things themselves are actual physical explorations into thinking, feeling, communicating and relating’.
There’s a good review of this artist, image from here If you want to see some of my painterly ‘recipes’ please look in my Categories MY SURFACES. Here’s one I did earlier ‘Brown Sauce meets Latex’
Age is a dichotomy in many ways,on the one hand, nothing much surprises me any more – yet on the other there is still a yearning to believe in somethings and I still feel a childlike disappointment when they turn out to be wrong. For instance, I find it very very difficult to believe that television is 75 years old today! It seems only yesterday when I was told to see if there was any mail, went downstairs and saw a television showing a children’s programme in black and white. I had never seen a television before – so you can imagine…. I was watching Bill and Ben the Flowerpot Men – and they spoke my language 🙂 Bill and Ben, along with Andy Pandy, The Woodentops and many more were part of the Watch with Mother series. BBC Watch with Mother ran from 1952 – about 1965 when it was replaced by other children’s programmes like Camberwick Green, Pogles Wood and Trumpton. Here’s a very early episode from Bill and Ben (Thanks to graemefield01) :-
by French Impressionist Edgar Degas. The bronze sculpture, stands 40 inches in height and wearing a silk hair ribbon and satin tutu failed to sell at Christie’s New York. The ‘Little Dancer aged 14’ had a pre sale estimate of between $25 million to $35 million. Degas’s heirs had 28 bronzes cast from the original which was made from tinted wax. Whilst I find it difficult to believe that there was no buyer for such an iconic work – on the other hand, the price tag is a bit on the high side…..
Whilst the ‘Little Dancer’ is at least a bronze, Jackson Pollock’s No.5 1948 painting sold at for $140 million in a private sale in 2006. The painting measures 8ft x 4ft and is on a sheet of fibreboard. Quality versus quantity? Not necessarily – take a look at the rest of the worlds most expensive paintings here. Perhaps, in the end, a painting is only worth the price someone is willing to pay for it?
We live in the times of the Confessional. Privacy is not exclusive. Well it sort of IS actually…. You can read these ‘exclusive’ stories every day in the newspapers. It’s amazing how quickly privacy flies out of the window when the price is right…
The act of the confessing is supposed to be between God and the confessor (using the Priest as a mediator or a conduit). It seems that the act of confessing all has now become an art form, Tracey Emin is a living ambassador of the confessional art, (sometimes known as autobiographical). In order for the confession to be of any interest to the average audience though, it has to have a shock factor, an air of secrecy and exclusivity, and that is where it falls down (when it loses its exclusivity, where it’s shared among the media and therefore becomes common knowledge. That doesn’t stop people being interested in others dirty washing though!
Fly on the wall documentaries, and ‘reality’programmes like Big Brother, The Osbournes and ‘I’m a Celebrity – get me out of here!‘ now provide popular entertainment . The confessional aspect of these shows requires starstruck voyeurs to really work. – and we have become a nation of voyeurs (or ‘observers’, as we like to call ourselves). The Jeremy Kyle Show has even won an award for this abrasive style of interogation (though not much arm twisting is involved to get guests to ‘spill the beans’ or air their dirty washing) A strange camera technique is used to throw the participant’s face into hideous relief showing up each blemish, wrinkle etc. the victim is then shouted at , told to ‘grow a pair’ and sent off to a ‘good cop’ (Kyle is ‘Bad cop’) for ‘after care’
Perhaps these shows make us feel better about ourselves or maybe some of the issues they deal with (well, touch upon) actually do affect us, or we have experience of them? There’s also the added bonus whilst watching these types of shows of the realisation that things could be a lot worse in our own world. I must add though that the reverse is true for me when I watch The Antiques Road Show and see all the personal stuff people have been left and are willing to part for a few quid. Having never been left anything – and having no rich relatives so never likely to be left anything, I do confess to a feeling of envy. 😦
The act of confessing is said to have a cathartic effect: though sometimes the opposite can occur. The opening up of old wounds, the telling of secrets: especially when these ‘secrets’ hurt or effect others lives.
Many agree that the original founder of Confessional art is the French American artist and sculptor Louise Bourgeois (b 1911 – 2010) . In this interview (celebrating her 70th birthday and her Retrospective) she revealed that her sculptures are mostly self confessional, and that the materials used are personal and symbolic to her and represent parts of her personal life that she felt she needed to ‘explain’ or come to terms with. There’s a great article about this here
“Trust yourself. In your art you must tell your own story and if you tell your own story, you will be interesting.”
Artist Tracey Emin’s is a story-teller. Her art is a dichotomy. On the one hand, it is very self absorbed – all about herself and her experiences – yet it reaches out through its narrative and we become absorbed in it through the artist’s way of communication, which is very powerful.
“If Tracey Emin could sing, she might be Judy Garland, a bundle of irresistible, pathetic, ferocious, self-indulgent, brilliant energy. Since she can’t, or doesn’t, she writes, incorporating autobiographical texts and statements into drawings, monoprints, watercolors, collages, quilts, neon sculptures, installations and videotapes. In her art she tells all, all the truths, both awful and wonderful, but mostly awful, about her life. Physical and psychic pain in the form of rejection, incest, rape, abortion and sex with strangers figure in this tale, as do love, passion and joy.”
The art of the confessional is here to stay – both in the art world and the media. People will always want to read all about it in Heat magazine or biographys. Anyone can do it – just make sure you get your story straight……. and don’t tell everything….. leave that for your next book.
I first discovered Billy Childish a few years ago when I was researching an essay I was doing , entitled ‘Rage against the Machine’. The essay was about artists who had raged against the ‘art machine’ and railed against the establishment.
The artists included The KLF (Kopyright Liberation Front) anarchic situationist who burnt money (literally). Quote by Couty;-
” think we made about £6m. We paid nearly half that in tax and spent the rest on production costs.When we stopped, the production costs stopped too, so over the next few months we amassed a surplus of cash still coming in from record sales; this amounted to about £1.8m. After tax we were left with about £1m. This was the money that later became the K Foundation fund for the ‘advancement of kreation.”
The Guerrrilla Girls, masked artists who make their protests known in galleries by putting up slogans (sometimes with statistics) whose aim is more recognition for women artists. They still get up to all sorts of activities to make their point.
Banksy the masked graffiti artist, who I’ve already wrote about here, has become very collectable now and can fill a gallery legally (as opposed to sneaking in and hanging a piece of his own art there surreptitiously)
and the Stuckists (co-founded by Charles Thomson and Billy Childish in 1999, though Childish left in 2001). The Stuckists turn up at the annual Turner Prize to make their protests about the art school/machine process and elitism.
The term ‘Stuckist’ comes from a remark from the then girlfriend of Billy Childish Tracy Emin who accused Childish’s work of being ‘stuck, stuck, stuck’ – and the name stuck:)
Childish left school at 16, an undiagnosed dyslexic. He studied art at St Martins college of Arts, london in 1977 but walk ed out after half a term. He went on the Dole and painted until 1979. He reapplied to St Martin’s in 1980. He was there for 18 months but got expelled because he refused to paint in the school, preferring to work at home. Plus according to him ‘they didn’t like his poems’…. Childish has always maintained that art school stifles creativity. He did block printing with Tracey Emin in Maidstone.
His work is autobiographical and he says he is an anti-hero. As an artist, he is prolific. He has made over a hundred albums, many books of poetry, autobiographical, fiction. He has produced countless paintings and woodblock prints – yet terms himself as a Sunday painter.
His work has a charm all its own and is in the tradition of Van Gogh. It’s the basic honesty and lack of pretense that I like the best as well as the painterly qualities. He does it because he LOVES it. He doesn’t strive – he just does.
When we were in London we were in time to see the last day of his exhibition at the ICA. it was the first time we’d been to that place. it is a massive place – very modern inside and nice spaces. An ideal venue and setting for contemporary art. The first thing I noticed about the paintings, is that they are done on unprimed canvas! He doesn’t waste any time in priming them. You can actually smell these paintings, like they have only just been finished – there’s a smell of turps and oil that exudes from them. Here is a short film about Childish, it features his paintings, him actually painting and he talks about his work. If you like this artist there are a lot of his films on YouTube
Posted in ART, MY ALTERED ART BOOK PAGES with tags ALTERED ART, altered book, art as confessional, artist, cathertic, childhood experience, draw a line, finger of time, instellations, miroslaw balka, money in old chairs, omar khayyam, ouvre, personal experience, philosophy, polish artist, resolving of situations, SCULPTURE, tracey emin on January 5, 2009 by echostains
Continuing Page 11 in the Altered book, I tried to find artists that used childhood experiences are a source. Tracey Emin (b. 1963) springs to mind immediately. A lot of her art is in the form of the confessional. From family sayings (her beloved Grandmother in this case) ‘There’s a lot of money in Old chairs’, where an upholstered chair, appliqued with her one of Granny’s favorite sayings bears testiment to the passing of time.
Emin’s past experiences provide her oeuvre and may be cathartic to the artist, drawing a line or shutting doors on stuff that has happened before: memories and events that she cannot change. Everyone experiences this at some time in their lives. Sometimes it is hard to just walk away without resolving situations. Sometimes situations just can’t be resolved,and you just have to accept this to move on. There is a saying by Persian poet Omar Khayyam that goes; –
The moving finger writes and having writ, moves on: nor all your piety not wit shall lure it back to cancel half a line, nor all your tears wash out a word of it.”
Polish artist Miroslaw Balka (b. 1958) also refers to childhood experiences. His sculptures and installations employ unusual media like soap and salt. I have seen this sculpture, and found it very moving and humbling. Perhaps it was the way the shoes were positioned near the stained carpet that produced the poignant effect: a feeling of being privileged to be looking at something intensely private: the artist’s personal experience.


Lancaster’s multi-award winning Nursery School offers a wonderful environment for children from 2 years old to primary school to grow and thrive.
Appletree Nursery School is rated Outstanding by Ofsted providing the highest levels of teaching excellence to all our children.
We still have FREE places left from September 2018 for children aged 2 to 4. For an application form phone our friendly office team on 01524 64132, email us, complete our enquiry form or drop by and see us. There is also an application form available in the Information for Parents section under the Information heading.
Has anybody picked up a white flowery coat by mistake? There should be a name written inside. Please could all our parents have a look and return it to nursery if you find it. Thank you. 🧥🧥🧥	
Contributed by the Applied Mechanics Division of ASME for publication in the JOURNAL OF APPLIED MECHANICS. Manuscript received March 24, 2017; final manuscript received April 4, 2017; published online April 20, 2017. Assoc. Editor: Harold S. Park.
For both polyimide membranes in aerospace and graphene membranes in nanoelectronics with surface accuracy requirements, wrinkles due to the extreme out-of-plane flexibility yield inverse influences on the properties and applications of membranes. In this study, on the basis of discrete topology optimization, we propose a prenecking strategy by adopting elliptical free edges to suppress the stretch-induced wrinkling. This prenecking strategy with the computer-aided-design (CAD)-ready format is versatile to eliminate wrinkles in stretched membranes with clamped ends and achieve wrinkle-free performances. The wrinkle-free capability of the prenecking strategy, capable of satisfying the shape accuracy requirements, indicates that by suffering insignificant area loss, concerning of wrinkling problems in membranes is no further required. As compared with the existing researches focusing on studying wrinkling behaviors, the prenecking strategy offers a promising solution to the stretch-induced wrinkling problem by eliminating wrinkles through design optimization.


The time is here: the patch has (finally) been finished and is now in testing among those here who volunteered to test, along with my usual helpers. It should be submitted to Shrapnel sometime in the next few days, if all goes well.
Lots of new features, tweaks, bug fixes and additions, including bribery, playoff display for the CPU warriors (if you don't make it), sending your warriors on quests as a training alternative, and more. Should be fun for all.
I busted my hump on this one, trying to add in lots of new options and stuff, making it pretty far ahead of what it was when released. I'm pretty proud of it.
I can't wait for the patch. I have 1.5 installed and I still get the error 9 message at the end of the season. If I do get past that the game hangs up with the Last fight of the past season, and everything is gone including my Last save after that. I run windows xp on a dell. I have dominions 2 and it runs great. It's pretty frustrating to get to the end of the season and lose everything. NEED PATCH...
The new patch fixes both of those problems, according to testers so far. Sorry for the problem. I would recommend not playing it any more until the patch (another few days most likely).
Thanks Stormcloud Creations for the quick reply. I'll see if I can ever win at dominions 2. I always play against 10 computer players. I've been whipped 4 times in a row. I'll be waiting for the patch. Thanks, and Take Care.
Just a note: the 1.6 patch (and a new, snazzier demo with a few 1.6 improvements in it) have been submitted to Shrapnel, and should be out Monday or so.

Mike Schmidt, comedian and host of the long-running podcast, The 40 Year Old Boy, sits down with me to talk about the movies that made him the man he is today. Join us, as we discuss Caan men, the Bemidji Holiday Inn, podunk phenomenons, and language lessons.
Have a thought about Mike’s movie choices? Share your comments, or ask me a question. It’s easy to reach me! Just visit the Contact Us page to send me a message, or you can email directly at moviesmademepod@gmail.com.
Hear my previous conversation with Mike, during episode 74 from the 2017 Los Angeles Podcast Festival.
August 6: Episode 90, featuring Sonia Melinkoff, creator of Nerdy Novelty Design oven mitts and potholders.
Posted in Episode.	Tagged 40yob, audio, career, cinema, comedian, comedy, entertainment, family, film, films, fun, identity, influential, life, manhood, masculinity, mike schmidt, movie, movies, movies made me, music, personality, podcast, podcaster, self, standup, the 40 year old boy, wrestling	
Jarrett Seifert, co-host of Bombs Away podcast, sat down with me immediately after I recorded with his co-host Jonathan Young (see episode 87) in their recording studio in the projection booth of the Frida Cinema in Santa Ana, CA, to talk about the movies that made him who he is. Listen in, as we discuss scrappy villains, two year binges, Hot Topic ads, and background comedy noise.
Posted in Episode.	Tagged audio, bad movies, bombs away, cinema, disneyland, entertainment, family, film, frida, frida cinema, fun, identity, influence, influential, jarrett seifert, life, mmm, movies, movies made me, mst3k, music, nintendo, personality, podcast, podcaster, scooby doo, self, video	
Jonathan Young, co-host of Bombs Away podcast, invited me into the recording studio in the projection booth of the Frida Cinema in Santa Ana, CA, to talk about the movies that made him who he is. Listen in, as we discuss childhood in a cabinet, singing history, striving for Stratton, and words for the unwordable.
Have a comment about Jonathan’s movie choices? Share your thoughts, or ask me a question. It’s easy to reach me! Just visit the Contact Us page to send me a message, or you can email directly at moviesmademepod@gmail.com.
I spent two days at this year’s WonderCon Anaheim and had a great time talking with a whole bunch of truly amazing creators throughout Artist’s Alley. I asked each artist to tell me about one movie that influenced them to be who they are. While I was there, I also caught up with a couple past guests of the show, who were selling their awesome artwork to the throngs of con-goers.
Gwyn Conaway – View her work on her website and Etsy, and follow her on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Charles Thurston – View his work on his website and Etsy, and follow him on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Ashleigh Popplewell – View her work on her website, and follow her on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Jordan Monsell – View his work on his website and Etsy, and follow him on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Jackie Kashian, comedian and host of The Dork Forest and The Jackie and Laurie Show podcasts sat down with me to chat about the movies that influenced her to be the woman she is today. Join us, as we discuss Opie moments, vagina altars, cussing with integrity, and basement time machines.
*My apologies for the sound issues on this episode. I swear we were in the same room! Happily, Jackie’s side of the conversation came through loud and clear, and she’s the one you really want to hear from, anyway!*
Have something to say about Jackie’s movie choices? Share your thoughts, or ask me a question. It’s easy to reach me! Just visit the Contact Us page to send me a message, or you can email directly at moviesmademepod@gmail.com.
June 11: Episode 86 from WonderCon in Anaheim, CA. We’ll bring you a compilation of influential movie conversations from Artist’s Alley.
Posted in Episode.	Tagged art, audio, career, cinema, comedian, comedy, dork, dork forest, dorkdom, entertainment, family, film, geek, identity, influential, jackie and laurie, jackie kashian, kashian, life, mmm, movie, movies, movies made me, nerd, nerdist, personality, podcast, podcaster, psychology, self, standup, the dork forest, the jackie and laurie show	
Mysterie Peña, President of the Santa Monica College Gender and Sexuality Alliance and co-host of Lunch Meats podcast, sat down with me for a delightfully nerdy discussion of the movies that made him who he is today. Join us, as we chat about Steve Martin’s Beatles, lesbian spies, how to address the easily offended, and Nerdist nerddom.
Have something to say about Mysterie’s influential movies? Share your thoughts, or ask me a question. It’s easy to reach me! Just visit the Contact Us page to send me a message, or you can email directly at moviesmademepod@gmail.com.
May 28: Episode 85, featuring Jackie Kashian, comedian and host of The Dork Forest and The Jackie and Laurie Show podcasts.
Posted in Episode.	Tagged @midnight, audio, chris hardwick, cinema, college, conversation, discussion, entertainment, family, fan, fandom, film, friends, geek, gender, gsa, identity, lgbt, lgbtq, life, lunch meat, lunch meat podcast, mmm, movies, movies made me, music, nerd, nerdist, personality, podcast, podcaster, santa monica, self, sex, sexuality, television, transgender, tv	


Born with Meconium Aspiration Syndrome; through his extra special and extraordinary abilities is now making waves in Russia as a Researcher.
Psychiatrists say that children suffering from Meconium Aspiration Syndrome (MAS) definitely do have stronger feelings because of more active hormones. Due to various incidents like less supportive child care, love and probably lack of knowledge of MAS, children can go into a shell and never be able to share simple feelings and emotions like joy or sadness, fear, anxiety or anger.
Jatin’s friends mocked and teased him but his parents too were helpless and didn’t react, probably or simply thought “It’s Okay”. His Mom who was a teacher obviously was busy while Dad was even busier with his NGO work were not able to pay attention to his needs. His elder brother took full control of him and was never proud of him and never shared his new toys or allowed him to play with his friends outside, all because he didn’t want to tarnish his so-called “good boy” image. He was confined to the closed doors of his dad’s garage with old non-functioning toys and any waste like wires, utensils and other unwanted scrap. He succumbed to a victim of MAS combined with mental issues.
Deeply felt rejected and slowly started withdrawing himself and soon became a loner and an introvert. In fact, this loneliness turned him into a stronger person and he completely changed his attitude to “Keep going and don’t give up” and didn’t heed too much to the surroundings. His workshop of junk stuff was his heavenly home where he thoroughly enjoyed making small gadgets out of non-working toys, electric wires, old tyres, plastics, and glass etc. and found absolute solace.
This resulted in making a crude toy-like gadget which he presented at the Regional Science Exhibition and won the First Prize, and the then Judge Abhishek Angole said that these were working Robots and not just gadgets and this is when he firmly believed in himself and his capabilities. Improving on these Robots he designed many more and presented to NASA in 2016-17.
School meant a prolonged headache and he would wait to return home to get his hands on the non-workable gadgets. Initially, the teachers treated him like a child who was good with various activities but since he was not good with studies, brushed him aside as a bad student. He developed a strong interest in Physics where Relativity theories were his pet topic and the galaxies and the quest began to know more and more. Jatin is a man of experiments and very often would get disgusted by The Indian system of Education; as it dealt with only studying, writing, scoring and preparing for entrance exams. He also mentions that St. Xavier’s High School in Gondia was very supportive, understanding, motivating and helped him a lot in shaping his personality.
Anxiety continued as he knew with low scores he couldn’t opt for Math or Science and that the other subjects were of no interest to him. The obvious choice was to enroll in an Academy or an Institute and he joined ICAD for his 11th and 12th. He wanted a laboratory rather than a classroom where he could learn through experiments only but never found one. He somehow managed to scrape through with 35% in Math and 60% overall in 12th.
He says he has been through so much trauma and unforgettable incidences that its hard to pin down all.
At 12, was returning in the train with his trophy and he was a victim of sexual harassment and nearly got Raped in the washroom BUT he screamed and banged the doors and was saved on time by the people. Once again he just couldn’t express or explain to his parents, not because of social pressure, but SIMPLY because he was frightened they would never allow him to go alone anywhere or take part in any exhibitions. This disturbing experience made him very wary and careful and never trusted anyone hence.
Late one evening, he was in for a rude shock when ICAD expelled him and he was frightened to go home and tell his parents. Plonked himself in a Park and gaping at the skies thought “I was wishing I could have a time machine and could go back and fix the problem.” and later “I linked it with Einstein's General Relativity (because it has time dilation in it), and then I clicked with the idea of the dimensions.” This is how deeply he loved Physics and learning of theories.
Just 2 weeks before his 12th exams, he got an opportunity to exhibit one of his projects at “Uni-man", which stands for universal man. “ It was a set of kind of undergarments when worn, the Urine would convert into Electricity and Oxygen and also while walking the electricity produced could be used for charging one’s phone... Among the hundreds of delegates who visited, one of the Russian delegate was blown away by his excellence in making Robots and in practical physics and wasted no more time and offered him a Full Scholarship. This is when his fate changed for good and forever.
Today at 17 he is a Researcher at Kemerovo State University in West Siberia and soon should be moving to Moscow back to the study of Physics.
His first theory was "Aircosmo Theory" published in International Journal of Science and Research in 2017.
At 14, he completed a Project wherein a highly Precise Glove allows one to control every electrical gadget which is present in this globe. For example, Jatin says he can shut down the lights of his room in India while sitting in his room in Kemorova Russia.
Dr. Jatin though has now learned to deal with his problems on his own but nevertheless feels hurt and bitter even today.
If your child is SPECIAL, then he/she certainly deserves that SPECIAL caring, loving and most importantly undivided attention with empathy.
Special kids go through a high level of emotions or may have problems with concentration, grasping or slow-learning and need to be heard attentively or dealt with external psychiatric or medical help. Especially in India, not only MAS but other syndromes are never taken seriously and definitely calls for more understanding of these subjects.
Kids who are hyperactive need to vent their energies and Parents must shoulder full responsibility and must find a way out.
Observing their child’s behavior and acting accordingly and at a crucial and right time can go a long way.
All Schools must ensure that there is an OPTION where parents should explain the exact medical condition of the child.
Each School must have trained teachers, psychiatrist/doctor attached to deal with such kids and regular check-ups must be done.
Educating the peers about various syndromes will refrain the kids from ragging, bullying or made fun of.
Schools could include monthly visits to various institutes to learn about other differently-abled kids.
He is an almost a scientist and is researching on Albert Einstein’s theory and his conclusions on the theory about being it wrong are almost done and are ready for publication in April 2018.
New technology enterprises are keen on signing up as their brand ambassador and he is working towards it.
YES, we need education but do we need from others? Because I believe in self-learning and For Kids like me its a perpetual agonizing existence of helplessness.
Through this thought-provoking, touching story; there is a strong message that “MAS sufferers certainly have a Ray of Hope”.
Shubham Panchal’s simple App could well be the answer for Aadhar confusion. He is the second youngest to crack the toughest certification offered by Google and Udacity
Only Indian-American amongst 17 others, makes it to the “Better Make Room” Advisory Board in the U.S.

I like how Kohana 3 organizes the classes, and I thought the same thing may be applied to my Zend Framework experimental project. Basically what this means is that I can name the controller class according to PEAR naming convention, and deduce the location of the file by just parsing the class name.
After reading through the documentation, I find that the role based ACL and work flow can be more tightly integrated. Therefore I made all the transaction into many FSMs and my work flow component now consists of one work flow library and one work flow management model. As I am going a more normalized design (I use denormalized design in work as it deals with a lot of documents, however for a small project like mine, a denormalized design should do well).
After comparing my own implementation of MVC with CodeIgniter’s, now I’m comparing Kohana’s and Zend’s. I have just shifted from CodeIgniter to Kohana recently in work and is currently learning on how to use Zend Framework to build my web-app. As everybody knows, Zend Framework is more like a collection of library classes than a framework a la Ruby on Rails, using MVC in Zend Framework would require one to begin from bootstrapping stage. However, in Kohana, just like other frameworks, bootstrapping is done by the framework itself so the developer will get an installation that almost just works (after a little bit of configuration).
Semantic Web is not just about putting data on the web, but also making links to allow a person as well as a machine to explore the web of data. Links are made in the web of data connects arbitrary things together as described by RDF as opposed to links in the web of hypertext, where links connects to only web-resources. Linkage of arbitrary things then allow related things to be found while performing search.
I often struggle to get my Javascript code organized, and have tried numerous ways to do so. I have tried putting relevant code into classes and instantiate as needed, then abuse jQuery’s data() method to store everything (from scalar values to functions and callbacks). Recently, after knowing (briefly) how a jQuery plugin should be written, it does greatly simplify my code.
It is very much expected that there will be endless stream of new (and often times better) tools introduced to solve the same set of problems. While I am slowly resuming my programming work, and in the process of reviving my very much dead postgrad project, I found some alternative to the tools I had used in the past. I suppose I shall just jot them down here so that there’s a reference for later use.
Previously, I started practising recursions by implementing a type check on lat (list of atoms), and ismember (whether an atom is a member of a given lat). Then in the third chapter, named “Cons the Magnificent”, more list manipulation methods are being introduced.
I need a slide show script for my portfolio pages but couldn’t find a good one anywhere so I decided to write one myself. The slide show script will be able to display image and the respective description in a predefined order. However, in this version, visitors would not be able to directly jump to a particular slide yet. The script is written in prototype‘s object-orientation approach hence you need to have prototype called.
Proud to be the voice of medical laboratory professionals, we are passionate about bringing attention to our profession’s vital contribution to Canadian health care.
CSMLS staff, Board of Directors and volunteers use opportunities throughout the year in various advocacy activities to promote awareness and understanding of medical laboratory professionals and their work.
meeting with elected government officials on Parliament Hill to highlight successes and challenges in the profession on an annual basis
hosting Members of Parliament in their local riding laboratories so they may witness, first-hand, the significant work accomplished in medical laboratories
continuing the 30-year tradition of sponsoring Medical Laboratory Week to recognize, celebrate and promote medical lab professionals by reaching out to audiences both inside and outside of the lab
maintaining communications with our provincial partners to monitor and address the needs of the profession
supporting provincial partners to provide local education, networking and advocacy opportunities for the profession
Important: If you are logging into your account for the first time since the July 2017 transition – you will need to “Sign up for online access”. Please have your account number available.

I have to eat like every 2 hours or else I'm so sick I can't get through my day. But now I've gained 6lbs at only 9wks. Is anyone else going through this? I'm normally a pretty active/fit person and a healthy weight :( I'm debating whether or not just to cut back on eating and suffer through the constant headaches and vomiting
ME!! And after some bleeding and cramping a week and a half ago, the Dr. said I couldn't exercise. I'm trying to make better food choices and just bought some healthy pre-packed snacks to keep with me in case I start to feel sick when I'm out. I'm hoping that will keep me from making bad choices...
same problem! I'm not feeling good enough to exercise and all I want to eat are carbs. I'm just going try and get through this trimester and then I guess really have to monitor my weight the rest of the pregnancy. but I rather do that then feel nauseous all the time.
I wouldn't worry about the weight gain. If you were thin to begin with gaining a little extra isn't that big of a deal.
My doctor told me to consider the first trimester to be survival mode. Eat what and when you can to feel good.
I feel hungry all the time. If I go more than 3 hours without eating I get super nauseous. I have only gained 3 pounds but I'm so bloated it looks more like 8! Crazy how my body is changing
I eat every 2-3 hours too....I usually choose a fruit though. A veggie IF I can stomach it. I'm losing weight ATM. BUT silver lining, I'm 2lbs away from pre-pregnancy weight with my first hah
Yup. Same here. +4.5 lbs at 8w1d. Like you said, I have to eat every 2-3hrs or I feel like I'm going to throw up. My boobs are way too sore to even consider any higher intensity exercise. Definitely going to be trying to make a plan to eat healthier. Started today with a Kale smoothie.... yuck.
Don't worry too much about it yet. Unless your doctor has told you it's a problem. The first trimester is all about pushing through the nausea headaches insomnia and whatever other symptoms are hitting you. If you have to snack constantly to be somewhat comfortable do it
I gained 50lbs with my first and 40 with my second. Before this baby I was 5lbs lighter than I was before I had kids. Don't stress too much!
Yes it is. Don't worry too much. I gained my weight in the first and second trimester and then lost some in my third. I'm always hungry in the first trimester!!! Nothing I eat makes me feel full. it's very frustrating and causes me to eat more often.
As someone who gained an excessive amount of weight with my first, I'm TRYING so hard to watch myself this time around. So far so good... I stepped on a scale this week and haven't gained an ounce yet at 9 weeks.
That said, gaining weight is NOT the end of the world. Do what you need to do to get through the first trimester as healthy and as comfortable as possible. The weight really does come off fairly easily once baby arrives. I gained 75lb (excessive, like I said!) and lost 60 in the first 10 months. While I would have liked to lose that last 15 (and not gain 75 in the first place!), I had lost 15 in the months prior to becoming pregnant, so it's no surprise it didn't "fall off" like the rest.
Some women gain a lot, some gain a little. While I know my greasy food cravings increased my weight gain, I also know genetics play a role -- my mom had 3 of us and the least amount she gained was 50 pounds. She joked that she gained weight just looking at a piece of lettuce. If your mom knows you're pregnant (and you're close enough), ask her about her weight gain. There's a good chance yours will be similar, regardless as to where you're at right now.
Don't cut back it will even out! My weight fluctuates a TON I think a lot of it is fluid retention and changes that go along with that. Just make it through this trimester and when you feel better you can eat salads instead of pop tarts for lunch without feeling sick!
I agree with it being partially genetics. I gained 60 with my 1st. My mom gained 50 with me. I didn't lose any!! Before getting pregnant again. So I'm also trying to be cautious this go around. I've had enough nausea for both Babies this time and have lost 11lbs. I'm curious to see how this plays out! The good news is this is my last, so regardless of what I gain I will be able to start working on losing it and hopefully be done.
Ah, another excessive gainer! It's refreshing to find someone, lol. Some are like "I gained 15lb and lost it all in the hospital" ... shut up and go home. I attribute my weight loss to excessive milk production, certainly not working out. I pumped exclusively for 5.5 months and was averaging 60oz/day at one point. I did plateau though, like many do, and lost another 12-15 once I stopped.
I haven't decided if this will be my last or not yet, but do agree that helps with motivation to lose it!
Just wanted to take a moment to marvel at your milk production! Holy cow am I jealous. At my peak I was only producing about 6oz a day total. Clearly our BF journey ended early because my son needed much more than I could give him.
Hahaha, it was unreal. A blessing and a curse, really. Somehow I had ridiculous storage capacity (and I am not large chested). Even when I cut down to 4 pumps/day, I was still getting 45oz, but pump sessions were 30-40 minutes long. Not sure I'll be able to take those types of "breaks" this time around with a newborn and a toddler!
I like this philosophy!!! I'm gaining too much but I have to eat every 2 hours and I have to eat what I want when I want it!!!
Things to Know About Weight Gain During Pregnancy Wondering about what's okay in terms of weight gain when you're pregnant and what isn't? Here's what you need to know about weight gain during pregnancy.
Pregnancy Weight Gain: How Much Weight Gain Is Healthy? How much weight should you really gain during pregnancy? A new study suggests that 75 percent of women are either gaining too much or too little.


Dawn Paul teaches writing and interdisciplinary studies at Montserrat College of Art. She is the author of two novels, The Country of Loneliness and Still River. Her short fiction has been published in anthologies, journals and magazines. She is also a frequent performer on the Improbable Places Poetry Tour.


After working in the field of education for over twenty years there was always one question that persisted to elude Rudy Azcuy: Why is professional development not meeting the needs of teachers more effectively? Being logical and wanting to do something about it, Rudy then asked himself this follow-up question: How can we improve the inconsistency of instructional quality that exists from classroom to classroom? What he came up with, he termed Classroom Instruction Improvement, or Ci2 Protocol. “When we looked at our overall goal for the Ci2 Protocol,” says Rudy, “our main focus was to help educators at all levels improve instructional time in order to obtain greater gains in student achievement. As we developed this formal goal we looked for roadblocks in the traditional methods for obtaining the same results.” From there, they came up with seven problems to the traditional approach which led to seven solutions that the Ci2 protocol can provide. Here, Rudy shares more about that and his thoughts on education and technology.
Victor: Alright then. So first off, according to your investigations, what are The 7 Problems of (Traditional) Professional Development?
Within any given school there are many different levels of instructional quality. How a teacher is teaching in one classroom can look very different from what the teacher in the next classroom is doing. If both are getting good results this isn’t a problem. However, in most cases, you will find that the results gained by each teacher will look very different as well. Each teacher has their own strengths and challenges. So the question becomes, why with all of the evaluations, professional development investments, etc. are we not getting consistent results at the classroom level?
Thinking through problem 1 led us to uncover problem 2. There is a lack of common expectations on how to define instructional quality. Reasons for this include the understandings of the individual conducting the observation, the background of the observer (i.e. a former reading specialist conducting a classroom observation probably knows and understands what high quality instruction in reading looks like, however placed in a mathematics classroom they may try to transfer their knowledge to that instructional situation and may not be as successful), finally each person conducting observations has been put in that position because of their background and achievements, but, especially in situations where a teacher may have multiple observers (i.e. administrator, coach, department chair, etc.,) this group of observers may not have taken the time to talk together to develop a framework for determining instructional quality.
Because there are no common expectations defined for instructional quality or expectations are generic or void of context, feedback provided lacks a common voice. This is our third problem. Because of individual understandings, communication styles, etc. teachers often receive feedback on a wide range of strategies that may or may not be focused on the important elements of specific content instruction (i.e. what is important in teaching mathematics?) This lack of a common voice in the feedback leaves the teacher unsure of where to start in order to improve their instruction.
When thinking of how many schools and districts are not able to establish a common understanding/voice of instructional quality or provide comprehensive feedback a common voice for feedback, one thing that became apparent is that there is a cumbersome amount of paperwork involved in most current systems.
Most are using a paper-based model that they has to be expanded on and physically disseminated to the teacher being observed. Or, if a computer-based system is available the paper-based observation must be entered into the computer. Because of the time that this takes away from administrative duties and classroom instructional time, most will simply utilize a generic system that is in place so as not to add more paperwork to their day.
As we just pointed out, conducting observations and providing feedback through traditional channels takes quite a bit of time out of the instructional day. Couple that with the time spent researching, scheduling, and implementing professional development you can then see how that time commitment grows exponentially.
One of the reasons that professional development takes so much time to research, schedule, and implement is the fact that it is very difficult to find professional learning outlets that will meet the needs of the greatest number of teachers. The avenues for traditional professional learning are conducted in large groups and while provide several strategies, have a very narrow content focus. Often we purchase a program or an agenda for a day or two without really knowing if what is on paper is what teachers will need to transfer new ideas to their classroom and improve the areas that need it most to allow for instructional quality to come through.
Traditionally improving instructional quality comes with a high price tag. There is a large monetary investment because several different professional development sessions must be purchased every year. There is a large personnel investment not only in conducting the observations, but in the carrying out of the professional learning. And, there is a very large time commitment on the part of everyone involved.
Solution: One solution to “Inconsistent Instructional Quality” is to first open up the classroom and breakdown the isolation that exists in our schools. That is why we included a process that is based on Observation and Feedback as the first step that is based on strong research and field tested indicators.
organized around a set of instructional focus areas that research shows to be strengths in high-performing classrooms
designed to be used by administrators, coaches, mentors, department heads and peer teachers to provide valued and structured feedback to teachers regarding the best possible approaches to effective instruction
designed to support the related processes of lesson study, classroom observation, coaching and mentoring, and data-driven decision making
equipped to not only identify critical areas of need, but to also provide specific examples and feedback within the comprehensive reporting process
Solution: Over the years when setting expectations or providing professional development for teachers we have been repeatedly asked for examples. I am sure you have heard it for yourself – show me what it should look like. In the Ci2 Protocol we have accomplished that in several ways.
How? By providing video examples of real instruction happening that supports the specific area being addressed. In addition we provide written descriptions of general and specific levels of performance, supporting research, access to additional resources, and specific areas to look for when conducting the observation. All of which when used leads to meaningful feedback for teachers to first understand which areas they are doing well or understand areas where they need to improve.
Solution: In many cases when reviewing existing observation tool most were based on generic instructional best practices in the form of a checklist. These tools are useful in collecting data to help determine what is or is not being done in a classroom. However, when working with teachers and instructional leaders we found that what was needed to drive change was to provide meaningful feedback to teachers. So that is why we developed a leveling approach for each observable indicator. In this way comprehensive feedback could be provided easily and provide the ability for meaningful conversations between the observed and the observer.
Solution: When reviewing existing observation tools on the market we quickly realized that they were all dependent on the user to go to other sources whether it be scanning devices, standing computers for syncing, websites or printed reporting sources.
When developing the Ci2 Protocol we wanted to make it completely self contained. The Ci2 Protocol was developed specifically to leverage all of the functionality that exists within the Apple iPad. All of the resources and components of the protocol are intended to be used by your iPad device alone. There is no need to go to any other source. Reports are sent directly to the teacher. All content and video resources are contained and accessed through your iPad device.
Solution: We all know that if we can just focus and break things down we can great increase the amount of time that something takes to do.
By designing the Ci2 protocol as a coaching observation tool we have allowed observers to be selective of which areas that would like to observe and provide feedback on. This has greatly increased the ability of instructional leaders to use their time as effectively as possible when conducting observations.
In regard to follow-up… By providing teacher immediate and comprehensive feedback, as well as access to additional resources change can happen quickly. Remember if teachers have access to the Ci2 Protocol immediate connects to support is within their grasp.
Solution: The reason that we design this professional development tool to include an observation component was to personalize the support that teachers receive. Teachers can review resource materials that correspond to identified areas of specific need.
Provide teachers immediate access to model videos and other rigorous professional development designed to help teachers refine the quality of their daily classroom instruction.
Now imagine providing this resource to your entire staff for less than the average cost of one day of typical professional development.
The Classroom Instructional Improvement (Ci2) Protocol™ application is the first suite of interactive instructional observation tools containing professional development content delivered through a handheld tablet device (i.e. Apple IPad) for ease of use. The Ci2 Protocol application was created to support teachers’ professional growth and instructional leadership practices. Teach N’ Kids Learn Inc. built and designed Ci2 Protocol, a classroom observation tool, to provide feedback to teachers regarding methods for refining instructional practice as well as professional development on-demand.
Coaching and modeling – Through the use of the (Ci2) Protocol, teachers will see effective teaching and assessment methods in action. By viewing lesson based examples that are directly tied to proven best practices within their subject area, teachers can refine their own instructional practice.
Easy to use – Built specifically with the handheld tablet device (i.e. Apple iPad) environment in mind, instructional leaders can have a user-friendly tool for performing classroom observations/walkthroughs and automatically send the data to the teacher upon completion of the visit.
Mile deep, not a mile wide – Teachers will have access to over 100 hours of focused, yet differentiated professional development content and resources such as learning modules contained in the (Ci2) Protocol that will directly support their growth as teachers.
Promotes Professional Dialogue – When fully implemented within a school or district, Ci2 Protocol transforms grade level and department meetings into meaningful discussions centered around student learning rather than around administrative issues
100% Portable and Comprehensive – The features and content of the Ci2 Protocol™ application for handheld tablet devices (Apple IPad) can be accessed from any location at any time day or night.
Relevant and Current – All content (videos and learning modules) within (Ci2) Protocol is constantly being updated and refreshed as new videos are produced and new content is developed. Additional content is developed based on user feedback and trend analysis data collected to determine areas where additional support is needed.
Cost-effective – Save time and money by eliminating ineffective large group professional development training.
Supplements Professional Growth – Direct access to content based classroom video segments, reporting, and learning modules.
Rudy: The Classroom Instructional Improvement Protocol is designed to do two major operations within a school setting. First, it is designed to be a tool for conducting classroom observations around a set of research based indicators of instructional quality. The tool allows the observer to conduct, save, and immediately send observation results and feedback to the teacher being observed.
The Ci2 Protocol tool is more than an observation tool, because the second operation that it has been designed to handle is to provide professional development to each and every teacher being observed.
How is it unique from other similar products/services? What companies do you see as in the same market?
Rudy: When developing the Ci2 Protocol we wanted to make it completely self contained. The Ci2 Protocol was developed specifically to leverage all of the functionality that exists within the Apple iPad. All of the resources and components of the protocol are intended to be used by your iPad device alone. There is no need to go to any other source. Reports are sent directly to the teacher and retained within the application simutatiously. All content and video resources are accessed through your iPad device. There is absolutely no need to use any other device for syncing data, sending reports, viewing videos, or create a cumbersome paper trail.
Rudy: The way that we recommend schools and districts to begin to using the Ci2 Protocol is as follows:
Establish a Pilot Team: Select a core group which will includes representation of teachers, instructional coaches and department heads within a given school. Team size can be as few as 3-5 individuals.
Determine Observation Frequency – As a coaching tool we recommend that observations using the Ci2 Protocol be performed using a rotation approach where different individuals are observed by the other team members on a monthly basis. The Ci2 Protocol makes for a great way to begin to develop a Lesson Study Process within a school.
Feedback and Communication – We recommend that conversations regarding the observations and progress being made be included within Professional Learning Community (PLC) and/or department meetings that group members are able to share their own observations with other members of the faculty that may not be included in pilot group.
If the pilot group find the tool to be useful in helping to improve their instructional strategies expand to include more members in the group with access to the Ci2 Protocol.
Victor: What are your thoughts on education these days? What is your outlook on the future of education?
Victor Rivero tells the story of 21st-century education transformation. He is the editor-in-chief of EdTech Digest, a magazine about education transformed through technology. He has written white papers, articles and features for schools, nonprofits and companies in the education marketplace. Write to: victor@VictorRivero.com
Excellent interview and Rudy, excellent work – it is nice to see the focus of your work these days. Very meaningful!

I'm sure this has been asked before but the other thread on supps got me thinking based on the responses.
I take 2 different Isolate proteins, cell-tech for creatine, a multi-vit and a casein protein so I spend almost $300 but not quite
I responded $50-99, but its not all strictly BB supps. Some is stuff I share with my wife, some is for gout and some is for ADD.
I honestly think that the whole supplement thing is over marketed and over done. IMHO eating protein and having the body assimilate it naturally is much better than relying on the latest powders or 'wonderfuel'. I don't think there is any substitute (unless you juice ) for naturally occuring proteins for building a body. Probably opened up a whole different debate from those who swear by supplements, but for the vast majority of BB's, particularly newbies, I think they would be far better served by developing a lifestyle which incorporated the habits, rather than relying on powders and pills.
I placed a sup order this week and figured that if I ordered the same things for a year, I would spend a little over $800 for twelve months of supplements.
That's roughly $70. a month, or $17.50 a week. When I look at $17.50 a week compared to what I spend on groceries, it's really not that much.
I like the guys who claim to not use any supplements, yet somehow know that all supplements are useless.
for instance I stay away from the creatine mass builder proprietary blands and go with your basic creatine mono.
instead of a big expensive jug of NO powder with aspartame and artificial fruit flavors I get some beta-alanine and arganine capsule, which combined are a fraction of the drink powders cost with the same benefits.
So while I use quite few supplements, I am able to star in the $50-$99 range, including my fish oil tabs.
But any of the new you beaut supps sold here get marked up thru the arse and it makes me sooooooo friggin pissed off.
I don't know, maybe $25 a month... It isn't nothing, but it also isn't a lot. Some of the vitamin money is for my wife and son as well.
When I first started training at a real gym I looooved to experiment with supplements. I then decided to just make sure that I kept a few "staples" around the house. I keep a good powdered protein around to mix with water or skimmed milk. I keep MRPs for when I dont want to cook (even with the microwave), I keep a glutamine powder around to take after a workout, powerded vitamin C for recovery, some kind of fatburner with ephedra and all the other goodies and a liquid calcium supplement as well as a liquid multi vitamin. That's pretty basic and keeps down the spending.
Between my wife and I, about 50-75 a month depending on whether we need to buy whey protein. Sometimes, I'd like to try something, but most everything is the next big thing until it fades away after it releases. So, the older I get, the less I spend. But, if something seems like it would help me reach a goal, I will give it a shot.
I may have voted much higher then I thought. I had put 100-200 but im thinking its less then that...i hope. I take a protein, multi, omegas, joint supp, saw palmetto and did buy milk thistle which i dont take often. lot of those pills i think last 60 days or so. the protein i do take like 2 serving a day though so they are a month im guessing.
Usually if I want to try something new I can just contact the companies and swap a review for the sup in my journal or something.. I post reviews of supps on another site to.
Get big or die trying !................Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do. - Confucius
Supps aren't necessary but some can definitely give you an edge. Are whole foods better then taking in Whey? Sometimes, but not post workout. How many lbs of meat do you need to get 400 grams of protein a day? Whey makes getting my daily intake much easier.
I'm in the $1-49 range mostly - fish oil, protein bars for work (more practical and convenient than carrying shakes in), and a little more if I count the Rockin' Refuel (by Shamrock Farms) milk I drink, which has 20 g protein in a 12-ounce bottle. But I don't think of that as a supplement.

It accused it of stifling freedom of expression through the use of torture despite the promises of reform, said a report compiled by Asma Jahangir, a Pakistani lawyer serving as UN special rapporteur on human rights in Iran who died suddenly last month.
Her report to the UN Human Rights Council was finalized, although diplomats said Tehran had tried to block its publication.
More than 20 people were killed and 450 people arrested in nationwide street protests in December against economic hardship and corruption - the biggest in Iran since the post-election unrest of 2009.
Jahangir called on authorities to carry out independent investigations into the crackdown and the deaths in custody of some of those arrested and to hold perpetrators accountable.
Iran’s justice minister told the Geneva forum last week that a recent reform of its drug laws should lead to fewer executions after the UN Secretary General said in a separate report that he remained alarmed about their high number - nearly 500 last year.
However, Jahangir wrote that she had seen “a worrying picture developing in the human rights situation” in Iran since her previous report in August. “Despite assurances from the government, improvements are either not forthcoming or are being implemented very slowly and in piecemeal.”
She cited violations of the right to a fair trial as well as arbitrary arrests and detentions plus continuing executions.
New restrictions had been placed on freedom of expression, association and peaceful assembly and access to information, she said, accusing Iran of torture and other ill-treatment particularly to coerce confessions. Women, religious and ethnic minorities were subject to discrimination.
Jahangir called for a halt to flogging and amputations. More than 100 flogging sentences were handed down in Iran last year, 50 of which are believed to have been carried out, as well as five out of 19 sentences of amputation, she said.
In the past three years, the government had closed seven million Internet addresses, Jahangir said. Journalists and Internet users have been arrested and the families of people working for the Persian service of the BBC told her that their families in Iran are harassed, she said, calling for freedom of the press and online access.
Pro-democracy activists, “especially those with dual nationality” have been targeted for arrest, amid reports of at least 30 dual nationals imprisoned since 2015, Jahangir said.

Personal training can give you back what time and stress may have taken away. It can also help you have a future that is safer, stronger, more fulfilling than you could ever imagine. Isn’t it about time you invested in your life? In your health? Personal training on your schedule, for your needs.
Tax is already included in all amounts. *A small fee be added to PayPal and credit card payments. Contact us for more information or go to

One's own country and familiar places in the mind's eye: different topological representations for navigational and non-navigational contents.
Visual mental imagery is a process that draws on different cognitive abilities and is affected by the contents of mental images. Several studies have demonstrated that different brain areas subtend the mental imagery of navigational and non-navigational contents. Here, we set out to determine whether there are distinct representations for navigational and geographical images. Specifically, we used a Spatial Compatibility Task (SCT) to assess the mental representation of a familiar navigational space (the campus), a familiar geographical space (the map of Italy) and familiar objects (the clock). Twenty-one participants judged whether the vertical or the horizontal arrangement of items was correct. We found that distinct representational strategies were preferred to solve different categories on the SCT, namely, the horizontal perspective for the campus and the vertical perspective for the clock and the map of Italy. Furthermore, we found significant effects due to individual differences in the vividness of mental images and in preferences for verbal versus visual strategies, which selectively affect the contents of mental images. Our results suggest that imagining a familiar navigational space is somewhat different from imagining a familiar geographical space.

A new cytokine-receptor binding mode revealed by the crystal structure of the IL-1 receptor with an antagonist. (ebi.ac.uk)
The effect of Ang II was abolished by the AT1R antagonist candesartan and the mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitor UO126, whereas the Ang type 2 receptor antagonist PD-123319 and NO synthase inhibitor N G -nitro- l -arginine methyl ester had no effect. (ahajournals.org)
This protein binds interleukin-1α (IL1A), interleukin-1β (IL1B), and interleukin 1 receptor antagonist (IL1Ra), preventing them from binding to their regular receptors and thereby inhibiting the transduction of their signaling. (wikipedia.org)
Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated form of the human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). (clinicaltrials.gov)
In other experiments, the effect of systemic administration of dizocilpine (1 mg/kg iv), a noncompetitive antagonist at NMDA receptor ion channels, on the RVLM presympathetic neuronal responses to CCK, PBG, and PE was tested. (physiology.org)
Thus in addition to examining the role of subdiaphragmatic vagal afferents in the actions of systemic CCK on sympathetic vasomotor outflow, the importance of central NMDA receptors has been assessed by examining the effect of administration of a centrally active NMDA receptor antagonist, dizocilpine (MK-801), on CCK-induced inhibition of RVLM presympathetic neurons. (physiology.org)
In patients with rheumatoid arthritis the natural IL-1 receptor antagonist is not found in effective concentrations in synovium and synovial fluid to counteract the elevated IL-1 concentrations in these patients. (wikipedia.org)
The protein encoded by this gene is a cytokine receptor that belongs to the interleukin 1 receptor family. (genecards.org)
This protein binds interleukin alpha (IL1A), interleukin beta (IL1B), and interleukin 1 receptor, type I(IL1R1/IL1RA), and acts as a decoy receptor that inhibits the activity of its ligands. (genecards.org)
Serves as a decoy receptor by competetive binding to IL1B and preventing its binding to IL1R1. (genecards.org)
From the study of the regulation of the cytokines, Mantovani was able to identify the operating principle of the decoy receptor for interleukin - 1. (wikipedia.org)
Osteoprotegerin (OPG), which is a decoy receptor homolog for RANK ligand (RANKL), inhibits RANK by binding to RANKL, and, thus, osteoprotegerin is tightly involved in regulating NF-κB activation. (wikipedia.org)
A novel method for virus immune evasion has been proposed in which the product of one or both of these proteins may bind interleukin-1 and/or interleukin-6, preventing these cytokines reaching their natural receptors [ PMID: 1826022 ]. (ebi.ac.uk)
In 1983, his research team has discovered a protein, known as monocyte chemotactic protein - 1 / CCL2, which is part of the large superfamily of chemokines, which belong to the family of cytokines. (wikipedia.org)
Our data, showing that LPS receptor signaling and neutralization of endogenous immunosuppressive cytokines is essential for Th1 priming, has important implications for the design of relevant vaccines for effective in vivo immunotherapy. (rupress.org)
Toll-like receptors (TLRs) detect microorganisms by recognizing specific pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) and IL-1R family members respond the interleukin-1 (IL-1) family cytokines. (wikipedia.org)
As the results, it was elucidated that such rigid-oligomerization between cytokines and their receptor subunits via the specific glycans is important to modulate immunological response. (nii.ac.jp)
NF-κB is found in almost all animal cell types and is involved in cellular responses to stimuli such as stress, cytokines, free radicals, heavy metals, ultraviolet irradiation, oxidized LDL, and bacterial or viral antigens. (wikipedia.org)
Components of signalization pathway of IL-1R which are involved in cellular response to IL-1 also mediate responses to other cytokines (IL-18 and IL-33), Toll-like receptors (TLRs), and many forms of cytotoxic stress. (wikipedia.org)
He was the first to identify monocyte chemotactic protein - 1 / CCL2 in 1983, and PTX3 in 1997. (wikipedia.org)
In 1997, MyD88 was identified as the cytosolic protein that recruits IRAKs to the cytosolic domains of IL-1 receptors, mediating IL-1's signal transduction to the cytsolic signal cascade. (wikipedia.org)
Two types of IL-1 receptor, each with three extracellular immunoglobulin (Ig)-like domains, limited sequence similarity (28%) and different pharmacological characteristics have been cloned from mouse and human cell lines: these have been termed type I and type II receptors [ PMID: 8702856 ]. (ebi.ac.uk)
The crystal structures of IL1A and IL1B [ PMID: 2602367 ] have been solved, showing them to share the same 12-stranded beta-sheet structure as both the heparin binding growth factors and the Kunitz-type soybean trypsin inhibitors [ PMID: 1738162 ]. (ebi.ac.uk)
A similar gene product from Cowpox virus (CPV) has also been shown to specifically bind murine IL-1 beta [ PMID: 1339315 ]. (ebi.ac.uk)
The Toll/interleukin-1 receptor (TIR) homology domain is an intracellular signaling domain found in MyD88, interleukin-1 receptor, Toll receptor and many plant R proteins. (wikipedia.org)
Members of the very wide interleukin-1 receptor (IL-1R) family are characterized by extracellular immunoglobulin-like domains and intracellular Toll/Interleukin-1R (TIR) domain. (wikipedia.org)
The interleukin-1 receptor (IL-1R) associated kinase (IRAK) family plays a crucial role in the protective response to pathogens introduced into the human body by inducing acute inflammation followed by additional adaptive immune responses. (wikipedia.org)
The elicitation of different TLRs/IL-1Rs results in similar signaling cascades due to their homologous TIR motif leading to the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) and the IκB kinase (IKK) complex, which initiates a nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) and AP-1-dependent transcriptional response of pro-inflammatory genes. (wikipedia.org)
Two are active kinases, IRAK-1 and IRAK-4, and two are inactive, IRAK-2 and IRAK-M, but all regulate the nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways. (wikipedia.org)
IRAKs were first identified in 1994 by Michael Martin and colleagues when they successfully co-precipitated a protein kinase with type I interleukin-1 receptors (IL-1RI) from human T cells. (wikipedia.org)
They speculated that this kinase was the link between the T cell's transmembrane IL-1 receptor and the cytosolic signalling pathway's downstream components. (wikipedia.org)
The DNA sequence analysis of IRAK's domains revealed many conserved amino acids with the serine/threonine specific protein kinase Pelle in Drosphila, that functions downstream of a Toll receptor. (wikipedia.org)
Even cells without over-expressed IL-1 receptors showed kinase activity when exposed to IL-1, and were able to co-precipitate a protein kinase with endogenous IL-1 receptors. (wikipedia.org)
Thus the human IL-1 receptor's accessory protein was named Interleukin-1 Receptor-Associated Kinase. (wikipedia.org)
The KD is responsible for the kinase activity of IRAK proteins and consists of 12 subdomains. (wikipedia.org)
All IRAK KDs have an ATP binding pocket with an invariable lysine residue in subdomain II, however, only IRAK-1 and IRAK-4 have an aspartate residue in the catalytic site of subdomain VI, which is thought to be critical for kinase activity. (wikipedia.org)
Most co-receptors lack a cytoplasmic domain and tend to be GPI-anchored, though a few receptors have been identified which contain short cytoplasmic domains that lack intrinsic kinase activity. (wikipedia.org)
They both induce the activation of a Rel type transcription factor via an adaptor protein and a protein kinase. (wikipedia.org)
TLRs and IL-1R members have a highly conserved amino acid sequence in their cytoplasmic domain called the Toll/Interleukin-1 (TIR) domain. (wikipedia.org)
First, cell surface receptors can directly transduce signals by possessing both serine and threonine or simply serine in the cytoplasmic domain. (wikipedia.org)
Secondly, certain surface receptors lacking a cytoplasmic domain can transduce signals through ligand binding. (wikipedia.org)
His team demonstrated in 2005 that the chemokine receptor D6 acts as a decoy and scavenger receptor for inflammatory chemokines. (wikipedia.org)
IL-1 production is induced in response to inflammatory stimuli and mediates various physiologic effects including inflammatory and immunological responses. (clinicaltrials.gov)
The type I receptor is primarily responsible for transmitting the inflammatory effects of interleukin-1 (IL-1) while type II receptors may act as a suppressor of IL-1 activity by competing for IL-1 binding. (wikipedia.org)
The expression of NCS-1 increases in bipolar disorder and some forms of schizophrenia and decreases in inflammatory bowel disease. (wikipedia.org)
Inflammatory reactions caused by anti-dsDNA complexes with extracellular DNA in the glomerular basement membrane cause macrophage IL-1 release onto neighbouring mesangial cell IL-1 receptors. (wikipedia.org)
Studies of human autoimmune diseases such as sclerosis multiplex, Rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis or autoimmune inflammatory bowel diseases show that defect in IL-1R1 signalling is responsible for Th17-mediated autoimmune diseases.IL-1R signalling is regulated by negative regulators such as inhibitory IL-R1 type II (IL-1RII), soluble IL-1RI and sIL-RII and IL-1Ra. (wikipedia.org)
In 1993, his team showed interleukin-1 type II receptor acts as a decoy in the activity of interleukin 1. (wikipedia.org)
The IL-1 receptor accessory protein (IL1RAP) is a transmembrane protein that interacts with IL-1R and is required for IL-1 signal transduction. (wikipedia.org)
The term co-receptor is prominent in literature regarding signal transduction, the process by which external stimuli regulate internal cellular functioning. (wikipedia.org)
It contains three highly conserved regions, and mediates protein-protein interactions between the Toll-like receptors (TLRs) and signal-transduction components. (wikipedia.org)
The identification of Toll-like receptors (TLRs) as specific pattern recognition molecules and the finding that stimulation of TLRs leads to activation of NF-κB improved our understanding of how different pathogens activate NF-κB. (wikipedia.org)
The similarity between Toll-like receptors (TLRs) and IL-1R is not restricted to sequence homology since these proteins also share a similar signaling pathway. (wikipedia.org)
The receptors both exist in transmembrane (TM) and soluble forms: the soluble IL-1 receptor is thought to be post-translationally derived from cleavage of the extracellular portion of the membrane receptors. (ebi.ac.uk)
this complex formation may be the dominant mechanism for neutralization of IL1B by secreted/soluble receptors. (genecards.org)
As interleukin (IL)-10 is a key immunoregulatory cytokine, we questioned whether neutralization of IL-10 during priming with soluble antigen could prime for a subsequent T helper cell type 1 (Th1) effector recall response. (rupress.org)
Soluble foreign antigen usually leads to a transient clonal expansion of antigen-specific T cells, followed by the deletion and/or functional inactivation of the cells (for review see references 1 and 2). (rupress.org)
In some cases, soluble antigen can lead to subsequent unresponsiveness to an immunizing regimen of antigen in adjuvant (for review see references 1 and 2). (rupress.org)
Several mechanisms have been proposed to explain the abortive immune response initiated by soluble antigen, including deletion or anergy (for review see references 1 and 2). (rupress.org)
IL-1 additionally stimulates bone resorption and induces tissue damage like cartilage degradation as a result of loss of proteoglycans. (wikipedia.org)
The highest degree of similarity is to the human and murine interleukin-1 receptors, although both proteins are related to a wide range of Ig superfamily members, including the interleukin-6 receptor. (ebi.ac.uk)
cDNA expression cloning of the IL-1 receptor, a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily. (ebi.ac.uk)
Two vaccinia virus proteins structurally related to the interleukin-1 receptor and the immunoglobulin superfamily. (ebi.ac.uk)
The protein encoded by this gene is a type I transmembrane protein that belongs to the hemopoietin receptor superfamily. (wikipedia.org)
Lymphotoxin beta receptor (LTBR), also known as tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily member 3 (TNFRSF3), is a cell surface receptor for lymphotoxin involved in apoptosis and cytokine release. (wikipedia.org)
The variety of motifs leads to co-receptors being able to interact with two to nine different ligands, which themselves can also interact with a number of different co-receptors. (wikipedia.org)
In this study we attempted to develop IL-1 with less deleterious effects by chemically introducing oligosaccharides to recombinant human IL-1alpha. (nii.ac.jp)
Anakinra blocks the biologic activity of IL -1 by competitively inhibiting IL-1 binding to the interleukin-1 type I receptor (IL-1RI), which is expressed in a wide variety of tissues and organs. (clinicaltrials.gov)
Anakinra differs from native human IL-1Ra in that it has the addition of a single methionine residue at its amino terminus Anakinra blocks the biologic activity of naturally occurring IL-1, including inflammation and cartilage degradation associated with rheumatoid arthritis, by competitively inhibiting the binding of IL-1 to the Interleukin-1 type receptor, which is expressed in many tissues and organs. (wikipedia.org)
Furthermore, the data suggest that CCK activates a central pathway involving NMDA receptors to produce inhibition of RVLM presympathetic neuronal discharge. (physiology.org)
IRAKs are essential components of the Interleukin-1 receptor signaling pathway and some Toll-like receptor signaling pathways. (wikipedia.org)
One signaling pathway in particular nerve growth factor (NGF) may be dependent on the function of IRAK-1 in its signaling pathway for its activation and cell survival. (wikipedia.org)
NCS-1 is a member of the neuronal calcium sensor family, a class of EF hand containing calcium-myristoyl-switch proteins. (wikipedia.org)
CD family receptors are typically monomers or dimers, though they are all primarily extracellular proteins. (wikipedia.org)
It has been proposed that boxes 1 and 2 are involved in the binding of proteins involved in signaling, whereas box 3 is primarily involved in directing localization of receptor, perhaps through interactions with cytoskeletal elements. (wikipedia.org)
When the receptor is activated TIR domain recruits downstream cytoplasmic signalization adaptor proteins (such as Myd88 adaptor protein). (wikipedia.org)
By forming a receptor heterodimer with IL-1RI facilitates signalization due to oligomerization of TIR domains of these proteins. (wikipedia.org)
The CD receptor family typically act as co-receptors, illustrated by the classic example of CD4 acting as a co-receptor to the T cell receptor (TCR) to bind major histocompatibility complex II (MHC-II). (wikipedia.org)
Patterns of structure and sequence in the Kunitz inhibitors interleukins-1 beta and 1 alpha and fibroblast growth factors. (ebi.ac.uk)
We examined a variety of IL-1 activities in vitro, including proliferative effect on T cells, antiproliferative effect on myeloid leukemia cells and melanoma cells, stimulatory effects on IL-6 syntheisi by melanoma cells and PGE2 synthesis by fibroblast cells. (nii.ac.jp)
Although their functional roles mostly remain to be identified to date, fibroblast growth factor (FGF) had been clearly demonstrated in relation to the physiological activities. (nii.ac.jp)
IL-1R cooperates with receptor accessory protein and both are expressed on T cells, fibroblasts and endothelial cells. (wikipedia.org)
IL-1R2 protein also interacts non-productively with the second component of the signalling IL-1 receptor, namely IL-1RAcP, and a complex of the IL-1R2 and IL-1RAcP extracellular domains with interleukin-1 beta has been solved by X-ray crystallography. (wikipedia.org)
However, only three of these EF hands are functional in NCS-1 (the most N-terminal EF hand does not bind calcium). (wikipedia.org)
GO annotations related to this gene include interleukin-1 receptor activity and interleukin-1, Type II, blocking receptor activity . (genecards.org)
Neuronal calcium sensor-1 (NCS-1) also known as frequenin homolog (Drosophila) (freq) is a protein that is encoded by the FREQ gene in humans. (wikipedia.org)
Many bacterial products and stimulation of a wide variety of cell-surface receptors lead to NF-κB activation and fairly rapid changes in gene expression. (wikipedia.org)
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) family of receptors. (wikipedia.org)
This protein binds to interleukin 12 (IL12) with a low affinity, and is thought to be a part of IL12 receptor complex. (wikipedia.org)
The CCR family of receptors are a group of g-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) that normally operate as chemokine receptors. (wikipedia.org)
1,2 In particular, Ang II acting via the Ang type 1 receptor (AT1R) stimulates the net sodium reabsorption in the renal proximal tubules, and an exaggerated effect of Ang II on this process contributes to the development of hypertension. (ahajournals.org)
A co-receptor is a cell surface receptor that binds a signalling molecule in addition to a primary receptor in order to facilitate ligand recognition and initiate biological processes, such as entry of a pathogen into a host cell. (wikipedia.org)
Importantly, vagus neurogramactivity in wild type and TLR4 receptor knock out mice exhibits receptor dependency of endotoxin mediated signals. (springer.com)
For example, studies have identified TLR4 as the receptor for the LPS component of Gram-negative bacteria. (wikipedia.org)
Co-receptors are also referred to as accessory receptors, especially in the fields of biomedical research and immunology. (wikipedia.org)
The designation 'NCS-1' came from the assumption that the protein was expressed only in neuronal cell types, which is not the case. (wikipedia.org)
CCR receptors are also expressed on neuronal cells, such as dendrites and microglia. (wikipedia.org)
As well as being involved in forming a complex with MHC-II with TCR to control T-cell fate, the CD4 receptor is infamously the primary receptor that HIV envelope glycoprotein GP120 binds to. (wikipedia.org)
The study's overall objectives are to evaluate the safety of anakinra in combination with standard chemotherapy regimens in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarinoma, as well as to collect preliminary immune modulation and clinical activity information, overall survival, and serious adverse events related to the study drug. (clinicaltrials.gov)
Some special/significant features of each IRAK family member: There is some evidence that IRAK-1 functions in regulating other signaling cascades leading to NF-kB activation. (wikipedia.org)
IRAK-M negatively regulates TLR signaling by inhibiting the IRAK-4/IRAK-1 complex The newest described IRAK family member, IRAK-4, has been found to be critical for the recruitment of IRAK-1 and for its activation/degradation. (wikipedia.org)
NF-κB is important in regulating cellular responses because it belongs to the category of "rapid-acting" primary transcription factors, i.e., transcription factors that are present in cells in an inactive state and do not require new protein synthesis in order to become activated (other members of this family include transcription factors such as c-Jun, STATs, and nuclear hormone receptors). (wikipedia.org)
It has been suggested that the dose and form of antigen, the route of administration of antigen, the delivery of appropriate costimulatory signals, and the genetic background of the host may determine whether an antigen primes for an appropriate memory effector response (for review see references 1-3). (rupress.org)
The neurocircuitry that mediates arterial baroreflex-mediated inhibition of RVLM presympathetic vasomotor neurons and sympathetic vasomotor outflow is described by a trisynaptic model, which includes N -methyl- d -aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor-mediated activation of propriomedullary GABAergic neurons in the caudal ventrolateral medulla ( 6 , 8 ). (physiology.org)
The CD family of co-receptors are a well-studied group of extracellular receptors found in immunological cells. (wikipedia.org)
Sequence analysis have revealed the presence of three highly conserved regions among the different members of the family: box 1 (FDAFISY), box 2 (GYKLC-RD-PG), and box 3 (a conserved W surrounded by basic residues). (wikipedia.org)
Interleukin 1 receptor, type II (IL-1R2) also known as CD121b (Cluster of Differentiation 121b) is an interleukin receptor. (wikipedia.org)
Co-receptors prominent in embryonic tissue have an essential role in morphogen gradient formation or tissue differentiation. (wikipedia.org)
Depending on the type of ligand a co-receptor binds, its location and function can vary. (wikipedia.org)
Retromolar space: The retromolar space or retromolar gap is a space at the rear of a mandible, between the back of the last molar and the anterior edge of the ascending ramus where it crosses the alveolar margin.Gingival enlargement: Gingival enlargement, (also termed gingival overgrowth, hypertrophic gingivitis, gingival hyperplasia, or gingival hypertrophy, and sometimes abbreviated to GO), is an increase in the size of the gingiva (gums). It is a common feature of gingival disease.Gingival disease: A gingival disease is a disorder primarily affecting the gingiva.Drug-related gingival hyperplasia: Drug-related gingival hyperplasia is a cutaneous condition characterized by enlargement of the gums noted during the first year of drug treatment. There are three drug classes that are associated with this condition namely, anticonvulsants (such as phenyotoin and phenobartibal), calcium channel blocker (such as amlopidine, nifedipine and verapamil) and cyclosporine, an immunosuppressant Although the mechanism of drug related gingival hyperplasia is not well understood, some risk factors for the condition include the duration of drug use and poor oral hygiene.RASopathy: The RASopathies are developmental syndromes caused by germline mutations in genes that alter the Ras subfamily and Mitogen-activated protein kinases that control signal transduction, including:Desquamative gingivitisFranz Hein: Franz Hein (1892–1976) was a German scientist and artist.Periodontitis as a manifestation of systemic disease: Periodontitis as a manifestation of systemic diseases is one of the seven categories of periodontitis as defined by the American Academy of Periodontology 1999 classification system. At least 16 systemic diseases have been linked to periodontitis.Bone destruction patterns in periodontal disease: In periodontal disease, not only does the bone that supports the teeth, known as alveolar bone, reduce in height in relation to the teeth, but the morphology of the remaining alveolar bone is altered.Carranza, FA: Bone Loss and Patterns of Bone Destruction.PancreatoblastomaPorphyromonas gingivalis: Porphyromonas gingivalis belongs to the phylum Bacteroidetes and is a nonmotile, Gram-negative, rod-shaped, anaerobic, pathogenic bacterium. It forms black colonies on blood agar.Pocket reduction surgery: In dentistry, pocket reduction surgery is a periodontal surgery performed in order to reduce the probeable depth of the gingival sulcus (known as a periodontal pocket in disease) to allow for less plaque accumulation and greater access for hygiene. Reducing the depths of the periodontal pockets eliminates an environment that is hospitable for the more virulent periodontal pathogens.Junctional epithelium: The junctional epithelium (JE) is that epithelium which lies at, and in health also defines, the base of the gingival sulcus. The probing depth of the gingival sulcus is measured by a calibrated periodontal probe.Chronic periodontitis: Chronic periodontitis is a common disease of the oral cavity consisting of chronic inflammation of the periodontal tissues that is caused by accumulation of profuse amounts of dental plaque.Cystic, mucinous, and serous neoplasms: Cystic, mucinous, and serous neoplasms is a group of tumors.GingivoplastyDental plaque: Dental plaque is a biofilm or mass of bacteria that grows on surfaces within the mouth. It appears as a white or pale yellow "slime layer", that is commonly found between the teeth and along the cervical margins.

Feeling comfortable and confident on the walls at your local climbing gym? Maybe you’re ready to head outdoors and try some real rock walls. Here’s all the gear you need to get started rock climbing.
BSA climbing guidelines require you to be protected with a belay rope during all activities when your feet are more than shoulder height above the ground. We suggest these two types of climbing:
In TOP-ROPE CLIMBING, you’re secured to ropes anchored above you and throughout your climb. Belayers manage the ropes from the top or bottom of the climbing routes.
In LEAD CLIMBING, you’re secured to belay ropes extending below you. As you climb, you insert artificial protection like cams, stoppers, chocks or other hardware into cracks in the rock, and then attach the rope with carabiners or quickdraws (two carabiners connected with a piece of short, sturdy material).
First, you need a good rope. The Mammut Infinity 9.5 mm single dry rope is light yet durable, has a dry treatment to better protect it from water and dirt, and is incredibly soft. The 60-meter version ($240, mammut.com) is long enough for top-roping cliffs less than 100 feet tall and leading most routes.
A helmet is one of the most important pieces of climbing gear because it protects your head from hitting something as well as from falling rocks and gear. Wear only a UIAA- or CEN-approved climbing helmet; bicycle and football helmets aren’t acceptable because they’re not designed to protect you from falling objects.
If you’re warm-natured or climbing somewhere hot, look for a light-colored helmet with plenty of ventilation. But most important, pick one that fits comfortably snug.
Always, always, always wear a helmet when climbing. The Mammut Wall Rider ($100, mammut.com) keeps weight low and protection high with a hybrid design that combines expanded polypropylene (the same stuff used in car bumpers) with a hard shell on the top and front, where you’re most likely to sustain an impact. Well ventilated and easy to adjust, it crosses over to all forms of climbing in all seasons.
Athletic shoes and light hikers are fine for beginning climbers. But if you want more performance, you’ll need climbing-specific shoes. There are several types, from tight-fitting sock-like climbing slippers, to flexible and super grippy friction shoes, to edging shoes, which provide performance with more comfort.
Climbing shoes should be tight but not painfully so. You might size down a size or two from your street shoe when picking a climbing shoe. They are also usually available for rent at climbing gyms and are sometimes provided for use at Scout camps.
For your first pair of climbing shoes, get an all-purpose pair that works in the gym and the outdoors. The La Sportiva Tarantulace ($80, sportiva.com) offers a sticky FriXion rubber outsole that gloms onto rock, but it’s also built for durability. The leather uppers will break in to the shape of your feet. Best of all, they won’t mash your toes, making them comfortable all day.
A harness is a belt system that fits around a climber’s hips and legs. A harness comfortably distributes your weight and allows you to easily attach yourself to the belay rope as you ascend. Always follow the manufacturer’s recommendations on how to attach to the harness. The waist belt and loops distribute your weight in many directions for comfort and safety in the event of a fall.
Though it’s possible to tie a seat harness from a single piece of webbing, a commercially made harness is more comfy. Pick a harness that is tight but not so much that it restricts your movement. When in doubt, choose the smaller size.
The Black Diamond Momentum ($55, blackdiamondequipment.com) is a versatile all-around harness at a great price. It features a belt buckle that adjusts with one hand, a well-padded foam belt that widens around the sides and back to eliminate pressure points, and four stiff gear loops. Its leg loops adjust quickly and boast a simple slider buckle for comfort, whether you’re wearing shorts or bulky bottom layers.
A carabiner is a ring with a spring-loaded gate that is used to connect pieces of climbing equipment and secure rope. Carabiners are essential for rappelling and belaying other climbers. Good carabiners are made of aluminum alloy or high-grade steel, with spring-loaded gates that snap closed. They can be oval, D-shaped or pear-shaped and come in either locking or nonlocking options. Usually, the lighter and stronger a carabiner is, the more expensive it will be.
Beware of look-alike carabiners — things like climbing key rings and accessory holders that are not designed for climbing, as they won’t be strong enough to support your body weight.
Belaying is a safety technique that keeps tension and provides friction to a rope while your partner is climbing so he cannot fall very far if he slips. There are several types of belay devices, including a slotted plate and a tube device. The tube device is most popular because it provides friction with minimal heat.
The Black Diamond Big Air XP Package ($32, blackdiamondequipment.com) includes the ATC-XP belay-rappel device, which has ridged grooves for better friction and to accommodate a range of rope diameters. It also comes with a Mini Pearabiner screwgate locking carabiner for easy security.
Two carabiners connected with a piece of short, sturdy material is called a quickdraw. It allows rope to run freely through anchors while leading. Quickdraws are designed to easily attach to a bolt and clip a rope in seconds — something climbers appreciate when dangling from a tricky handhold.
The Black Diamond Positron Quickdraw Quickpack ($95, blackdiamondequipment.com) includes six quickdraws, which feature a straight-gate carabiner for clipping into the bolt on one side, and a bent-gate bottom carabiner to better facilitate snapping in the rope quickly.
Ounces add up on your harness, and at fewer than 3, the Metolius Bravo Wiregate Quickdraw ($20, metoliusclimbing.com) is lighter than many. It also has a stabilizing device that keeps the bottom carabiner steady while clipping, particularly useful on overhanging routes.
Anchors are pieces of equipment set up to secure a climber while ascending. With most routes finishing at a fixed anchor, having a personal anchor system attached to your harness enables you to quickly clip into the anchor bolts.
The 34.5-inch Black Diamond Link Personal Anchor System ($35, blackdiamondequipment.com) has sewn loops that allow you to adjust your leash length, with the benefit of having a little less bulk on your harness.
Made from double-wrapped Monster webbing, the 38-inch Metolius PAS 22 ($33, metoliusclimbing.com) offers chainlink construction that makes it convenient to use and adjust the length of your leash to the anchor bolts.
For secure placements and coverage for a wide range of crack sizes, the Black Diamond Camalot Ultralight cams ($90-$125, blackdiamondequipment.com) represent the latest and lightest innovation in a piece of gear trusted by climbers for years. With a double-axle design that maximizes the useful range of each cam and color coding of the sizes, a set of seven Camalot Ultralights from size 0.4 to 4 fills out a starting rack.
For climbing cracks in the range of widths found on most beginner routes, Black Diamond Stoppers are great because of their ease in placing, reliability, low weight (1 lb.) and bulk. And you can’t beat the bang for your buck. A full set ($100, blackdiamondequipment.com) costs about the same as one small cam.
Grip is super important while climbing. Chalk helps dry a climber’s hands (by removing sweat and moisture) and improves his or her hold on the rock. Most climbers use loose chalk in a bag or chalk balls (you can make your own by filling a cut-off stocking with chalk). Though it’s perfect for gyms and manmade climbing towers, chalk stays visible on rocks, making it look unnatural and conflicting with Leave No Trace principles. Always follow local regulations regarding chalk use when climbing in the wild.
You don’t have to be out in nature on a real rock or in a climbing gym to train for rock climbing. Many climbers use grip trainers to build the muscles of the hand and forearm. Others hang pull-up style training boards in their home to practice various climbing holds and moves.
I used to go indoor climbing with old cub scout pack. So I am guessing now that I am in Boy Scouts that my council does climbing and repelling under 13 !
is there a way to set up a rock climb for one person to be able to climb up? and what should one do if they don’t have enough money for the basic equipment but have a small wall that they can climb?
This list is very helpful for any beginning climber. It has great tips, and great merchandise recommendations.
You either lead climb in the sport or trad style. This means placing cams, hexes or quick draws in the rock while your partner belays you. This is a bit more dangerous than top roping because you are often above your gear. Then at the top you set up an anchor and clean the route. And when it’s all done the most common approach to getting the gear back is to repel with an ATC.


Wow, we are almost at the mid point of October and Halloween is just around the corner! As we enter the holiday season, remember how important it is to take care of your health and your brain! Speaking of the brain it’s time to exercise your brain, form new brain pathways, build your cognitive reserve, challenge yourself, engage in new learning! Become a lifelong learner, and take advantage of your brain and neuroplasticity skills through new learning. We are never too old for new learning or too young to begin building our cognitive reserves! Let’s try some anagrams today. Create as many new words as you can from the following words.
Tags: (medicine) Food Journal of the American Medical Association, adult leaning, Almond, almonds, Anagram, anagrams, Atlanta Urban Institute, attention skills, auto-immune diseases, avocados, Baby Boom Generation, benefits of spices, blueberries, brain, brain challenges, brain fitness, Brain food, brain foods, Brain function, brain games, brain health, brain maintenance, Brain Pathways, brain plasticity, brain teasers, brain training, Breathing, breathing technique, breathing techniques, cancer, cardiac, cardiac health, chronic diseases, classes for adults, classes for seniors, Cobb County Georgia, Cognition, cognitive reserve, cranberries, Cryptic crossword, Dana Foundation, depression, diabetes, Diaphragmatic breathing, Executive functions, Family (biology), Family activities, Family activity, Family Games, Family history, Family history (medicine), fish, Fish oil, focus, Form new brain pathways, Games, Generations and Age Groups, Ginger, green tea, health, healthy heart, Healthy Spices, heart, heart health, herbs, hot cocoa, Humor, improve spatial memory, Institute of Medicine, International unit, judgement, learning, lifelong learning, Long-term care, Low-density lipoprotein, Marietta Georgia, Mental Health, mind challenges, mind fitness, mind games, National Institutes of Health, Neural pathway, Neurological disorder, Neuron, neuroplasticity, New Learning, Nostril, Nutrient, Old age, Parkinson's disease, Physical exercise, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, processing speed, Puzzle, Puzzles, reasoning skills, Recreation, Research, Salmon, Sandwich generation, Scrabble, Senior Fitness, senior health, senior tsumani, SLP, SLPs, Spatial memory, Speech Pathologists, Speech Pathology, Speech-Language Pathologists, Speech-Language Pathology, Spice, Spices to promote brain health, strawberries, stress reduction, stress relief, stroke, thinking skills, Trauma and Injuries, Turmeric, Types of chocolate, United States, University of Pittsburgh, Vitamin B12, Vitamin D, Walnut, Walnut oil, walnuts, Word game, Word Games, word play, Word Puzzles
Well, it’s hard to believe it’s already September! Summer is essentially gone, and now we’re all back to school. Some of you may even be planning your family holiday vacations.
Remember to always schedule time for your health, both physical and mental exercise. Speaking of exercise, it’s time to exercise your brain, form new brain pathways, build your cognitive reserve, challenge yourself, engage in new learning! Become a lifelong learner, and take advantage of your brain or neuroplasticity skills through new learning. We are never too old for new learning or too young to begin building our cognitive reserves! Let’s try some anagrams today. Create as many new words as you can from the following words.
Go grab a healthy snack-blueberries, apples, walnuts, almonds, veggie sticks, dark chocolate, paired with a healthy beverage-green tea, water, red wine. I just had some walnuts and peach green tea. Ready?
Tags: Alzheimer's disease, anti-aging, Baby Boom Generation, Baby boomer, baby boomers, blueberries, brain, brain challenges, brain fitness, Brain food, brain foods, Brain function, brain games, brain health, brain maintenance, Brain Pathways, brain plasticity, brain teasers, brain training, Cognition, cognitive reserve, dark chocolate, Dementia, Family activities, Family activity, Family Games, Form new brain pathways, green tea, health, healthy aging, improve spatial memory, lifelong learning, memory, Memory Loss, neuroplasticity, Physical exercise, Prevent Memory Loss, Sandwich generation, Senior Fitness, senior health, senior tsumani, Spatial memory, Spices to promote brain health, Walnut, walnuts, Word game, Word Games, word play, Word Puzzles, Wordplay

Banning the Box: Restricting the Use of Criminal Background Checks in Employment Decisions in Spite of Employers’ Prerogatives
David Goldberg, Dronalism: Journalism, Remotely Piloted Aircraft, Law and Regulation, 10 FIU L. Rev. 405 (2015).


When one of the 16 FTL drive modules on the Destiny explodes due to an apparent overload, the crew calls upon a brilliant scientist from Earth to help find a solution.
The making of "Lincoln" with actor Daniel Day-Lewis, composer John Williams, and director Steven Spielberg; Also, we revisit Ed Bradley's profile of Steven Spielberg from 20 years ago; And, what's next for medical marijuana? Hint: it doesn't involve a match, pipe or rolling papers. Some of it doesn't even get you high.moreless
The storm surge from Hurricane Sandy has swallowed Staten Island, turning the borough's roads into rivers. The rising flood waters have made some roads impassable.


Happy Friday, friends! We’re supposed to get some snow here this weekend and I’m anticipating some sugar cookie party-ing in the kitchen with the girls. The following Things I’ve Googled is kind of a silly one. Have you ever had an embarrassing celebrity encounter? Please share so I know I’m not alone! You can read all about mine below. Have a good one! xo
Remember Brooke from American Idol, Season 7? Was she your favorite too? So, Brooke was a speaker at Alt last week. I was in the bathroom having just finished washing my hands, and I turned around, and there was Brooke White. She said, “RACHEL!” And in my head I was like, OHMYGOD BROOKEWHITE KNOWS MY NAME. I said, “Hi!” and almost almost had an awkward fan girl moment. Then, the nice woman behind me said hi. I slowly turned around to see the gorgeous Reachel Bagley waving and said to myself, “Right. That makes more sense.” Then I ducked and ran like the wind.
Because like I said, I am going to start writing more and I tend to do better when I limit my options and narrow the focus. Maybe I’ll share a small collection of writing prompts I found useful in a future post. Would anyone like that?
At the urging of my new friend Lindsey, I looked up Janet for some support on the parenting front. We shall see …
Jim and I decided to start doing a crossword puzzle together every week. Just starting out, our goal is to complete one puzzle in a week’s time without cheating. (Humpf) We are I am terrible at the crossword. But it’s something fun we can do together and get smarter in the process. What’s a four letter word for marriage? Love.
Gah! I (cringe) have been obsessed with the Beib’s latest album. This is new territory for me as I have never really been a Beliber. But it’s so good. So good that I had to ask who Justin’s mama didn’t like, especially if she likes everyone.
Things I’ve Googled is an ongoing series and comes from one of the standard questions Jim and I ask each other when we get home. Often, it’s a good indicator of where our minds have wandered off to in the middle of the day and the topics usually make us laugh. So consider this part educational. Part oversharing. Part nonsense. Completely random.

We believe that experiential learning is the best form of learning. Anything that we experience directly tends to have a greater impact on us.
Hence, we focus on achieving true wisdom, acquired through our own experience, rather than ‘receiving’ the experiences of a guru or teacher through words or ancient text.
Through self-exploration, everyone can free themselves from the collective consciousness and become their true selves.
Samma Karuna’s yoga is gentle, spiritual and therapeutic. Suitable both for beginners and experienced practitioners.
It incorporates the basis of Hatha Yoga with Vinyasa flow and mindful Ujjayi pranayama allowing the whole process of practice to become mindful and healing.
Qi Gong is a practice of mastering Qi in the body (life force energy) through rhythmic breathing, slow and sometimes rapid movement, static poses which are held for a period of time, and deep focus.
It is an active meditation in which we use rhythm, awareness, and an intuitive state which are typical qualities of many types of meditation within dancing to reconnect with ourselves and celebrate life.
Most famous Social Meditation of Samma Karuna. It is not happy people who are thankful, it is thankful people who are happy.
In this love meditation, we will explore the art of seeing light in each other and within ourselves as a true path for a more thankful and happy life.
Three and a half hours journey of opening up to your emotions, reconnecting with your body and celebrating life.
As a school of self-realization, our main concern is to help our students finding an authentic and long-lasting happiness. As a non-dogmatic, non-religious school, our aim is to help you develop your own light and wisdom.
Understanding that true wisdom comes from within, through our own personal experiences, rather than second-hand wisdom found in books or lectures.
Our Awakening lectures are based on experiential exercises, time for reflection, sharing, music & meditation.
Free weekly event offering an uplifting conscious movie to bring more awareness and understanding to our lives.
Based on non-violent communication we learn how to share from your heart, sharing our vulnerabilities with the group and having the courage to be just ourselves.
In this process, we taking responsibility for our emotions and balance whilst we understand that what makes us vulnerable actually make us beautiful.
Hugging with mindfulness and concentration can bring reconciliation, healing, understanding, joy, and great happiness. This meditation is only available at our center in Thailand.
Rebirthing is a gentle yet powerful conscious breathing technique. It brings into awareness our unconsciously held beliefs, emotions and the relationships we have with our bodies and ourselves.
By birthing with awareness we make possible to resolve, integrate and heal previously unresolved issues in our lives.
Breathing is the first act of life. Within the breath is the unexplored secret of life. Sudarshan Kriya is a powerful yet simple rhythmic breathing technique that incorporates specific natural rhythms of the breath, harmonizing the body, mind, and emotions.
This technique eliminates stress, fatigue and negative emotions such as anger, frustration, and depression. Leaving the mind calm and focused, the body energized and completely relaxed.
Tantra helps us to realize the divine beauty we all have within. In this special events, we will use the power of breath, movement and touch to connect with ourselves and to others in a fun, loving and playful way.
We gather every day to meditate together. Vipassana as taught by S. N. Goenka is a traditional still meditation which is 2500 years old and considered to be the meditation used by Gautama Buddha to gain enlightenment.
All levels are welcome, just bring a respectful and loving energy to the class. If you haven’t meditated before, we may introduce you to anapana meditation technique to get you started.
Food is not included in the price of the retreat. But the area the school is located in is extremely welcoming for vegans and vegetarians.
We are situated by the beautiful sunset beach of Haad Chao Pao at Koh Phangan - a green tropical paradise.
Once you finish our 4 weeks Awakening & Healing Program you will have a lifetime pass to classes of Samma Karuna. ​
Reconnecting people with their inner self and inner wisdom helps them to lead a more prosperous and fulfilling life. We facilitate their journey of self-exploration, rather than giving them prescribed answers or solutions.
A rational mind and a path of experiential learning is the best way to acquire spiritual teachings and be able to sustain them.
Samma Karuna became a very special place in my heart after only a few days. It is a school of Love, that proposes an amazing program : probably all the types of yoga practices that exist (taught by...
The detox was a great treat and professionally supervised by Rochelle - felt super cleansed afterwards! Thank you!ðð»
Sweat, tears of joy, tears of letting go, study, laughter, loving people etc etc. Samma Karuna provides high quality education & a warm heart, wich learns you to accept & observe how you act in...
Put on modest clothes covering your shoulders and legs if you want to visit a temple or any government department.
f you arrive at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK) we suggest flying to Suratthani Airport and then transfer to the ferry port and then take a ferry to Ko Pha Ngan.
Samma Karuna is located about 5km north from Tong Sala (commercial center of the island and where the pier is located).

Roles with different privileges and responsibilities have long been recognized in business organizations, and commercial computer applications dating back to at least the 1970s implemented limited forms of access constraints based on the user’s role within an organization. These role-based systems were relatively simple and application-specific. That is, there was no general-purpose model defining how access control could be based on roles, and little formal analysis of the security of these systems. The systems were developed by a variety of organizations, with no commonly agreed upon definition or recognition in formal standards.
A general-purpose role based access control model was proposed in 1992 by Ferraiolo and Kuhn, integrating features of existing application-specific approaches into a generalized role based access control model. This paper presented RBAC as an alternative to traditional Mandatory Access Control (MAC) and Discretionary Access Control (DAC), and gave a formal description, in terms of sets, relations and mappings, to define roles and role hierarchies, subject role activation, subject-object mediation, as well as constraints on user/role membership and role set activation. Three basic rules were required:
Role assignment: A subject can execute a transaction only if the subject has selected or been assigned a role. The identification and authentication process (e.g. login) is not considered a transaction. All other user activities on the system are conducted through transactions. Thus all active users are required to have some active role.
Role authorization: A subject's active role must be authorized for the subject. With (1) above, this rule ensures that users can take on only roles for which they are authorized.
Transaction authorization: A subject can execute a transaction only if the transaction is authorized through the subject's role memberships, and subject to any constraints that may be applied across users, roles, and permissions. With (1) and (2), this rule ensures that users can execute only transactions for which they are authorized.
A key feature of this model is that all access is through roles. A role is essentially a collection of permissions, and all users receive permissions only through the roles to which they are assigned, or through roles they inherit through the role hierarchy. Within an organization, roles are relatively stable, while users and permissions are both numerous and may change rapidly. Controlling all access through roles therefore simplifies the management and review of access controls. The 1992 Ferraiolo and Kuhn model was extended in 1995 by Ferraiolo, Cugini, and Kuhn.
In 1996, Sandhu, Coyne, Feinstein, and Youman introduced a framework for RBAC models that incorporated the RBAC features described above in a modular arrangement. RBAC0 was defined as the base model, defined through users, roles, and permissions. RBAC1 includes RBAC0 but incorporates hierarchies as a partial order relationship between roles. RBAC2 also incorporates RBAC0, but adds constraints. RBAC1 and RBAC2 are independent of each other, in that a system may implement one without the other. RBAC3 is a fully-featured RBAC model, incorporating RBAC0, RBAC1, and RBAC2. RBAC3 is essentially equivalent to the 1992 Ferraiolo and Kuhn model with the exception that RBAC3 allows a partial order hierarchy while the Ferraiolo-Kuhn model defines the hierarchy as a rooted tree. In object-oriented terms, the 1996 SCFY model can be thought of as incorporating multiple inheritance while Ferraiolo-Kuhn uses single inheritance.
There is a superficial similarity between RBAC roles and traditional groups. As normally implemented, a group is a collection of users, rather than a collection of permissions, and permissions can be associated with both users and the groups to which they belong. The ability to tie permissions directly to users in a group-based mechanism can be regarded as a "loophole" that makes it difficult to control user-permission relationships. RBAC requires all access through roles, and permissions are connected only to roles, not directly to users. Another aspect of RBAC that distinguishes it from traditional group mechanisms is the concept of a session, which allows activation of a subset of roles assigned to a user. Core RBAC includes those systems with a robust group/ACL mechanism that supports the construction of a many-to-many relation among users and permissions.
RBAC is a separate and distinct model from MAC and DAC, but a number of relationships have been discovered. In particular, it has been shown that RBAC can simulate MAC and DAC [5][9], and that MAC can be used to implement RBAC [8] when the role hierarchy is a tree rather than a partial order.
RBAC is well suited to handling "separation of duty" requirements, and was in fact designed with SoD in mind. This site contains several papers addressing SoD, and the RBAC standard covers this topic extensively (see "What is the RBAC standard", below).
Questions have also been raised as the suitability of RBAC for other relationships. For example, a 2008 discussion of the RBAC standard includes the following concern:
"However, in order for that doctor, Dr. X, to view the medical charts (electronically) of a particular patient, Patient Y, the good doctor not only needs to have a "Doctor" role, but also needs to have the "Attending Doctor" role WITH RESPECT TO Patient Y. In other words, the Access Control around the medical charts is based on a specific relationship established between Dr. X and Patient Y, that could be expressed as a relationship-based role."
This type of situation was explicitly addressed in the 1992 RBAC model, which grants access 'only if', not 'if' or 'if and only if' the role requirements are met (an extremely important distinction). This was done to allow additional constraints to be added at access time. No implementation details were specified for how to handle the additional constraints, since these would vary widely with the application and type of constraint. The RBAC standard, as the 1992 model, is designed to allow designers to add constraints to handle these relationships. In other words, nothing in the RBAC model will interfere with adding these constraints. The standard could be amended to add the means to handle relationships like those suggested above, if there is sufficient community interest, and if there is a sufficiently general mechanism that addresses a wide variety of industries.
In 2000, NIST called for a unified standard for RBAC, integrating the Ferraiolo-Kuhn 1992 model with the RBAC framework introduced by Sandhu et al. in 1996. This proposal was published by Sandhu, Ferraiolo, and Kuhn and presented at the ACM 5th Workshopon Role Based Access Control. Following debate and comment within the RBAC and security communities, NIST made revisions and proposed a U.S. national standard for RBAC through the International Committee for Information Technology Standards (INCITS), the primary U.S. body for developing standards in information and communications technology. INCITS is also the American National Standards Institute’s (ANSI) Technical Advisory Group for ISO/IEC Joint Technical Committee 1, which is responsible for IT standardization at the international level. In 2004, the standard received ballot approval and was adopted as INCITS 359-2004.
Core RBAC defines a minimum collection of RBAC elements, element sets, and relations in order to completely achieve a Role-Based Access Control system. This includes user-role assignment and permission-role assignment relations, considered fundamental in any RBAC system. In addition Core RBAC introduces the concept of role activation as part of a user’s session within a computer system. Core RBAC is required in any RBAC system, but the other components are independent of each other and may be implemented separately.
Static Separation of Duty Relations adds relations among roles with respect to user assignments. Because of the potential for inconsistencies with respect to static separation of duty relations and inheritance relations of a role hierarchy, the SSD relations model component defines relations in both the presence and absence of role hierarchies.
The fourth model component, Dynamic Separation of Duty Relations, defines relations with respect to roles activated as part of a user’s session.
Since the 1990s, an extensive body of scholarly work has been published on all aspects of RBAC. As of 2006, more than 6,000 articles on various aspects of RBAC are listed by Google Scholar. Some early results are given below.
Ferraiolo and Kuhn (1992) gave a formal definition of roles as sets of permissions, role hierarchies, subject-role activation, subject-object mediation, as well as constraints on user/role membership and role activation. [1]
Nyanchama and Osborn (1994) developed a role graph model for RBAC, providing efficient algorithms for analyzing role relationships. [2]
Ferraiolo, Kuhn, and colleagues developed a prototype RBAC implementation and a 1995 paper further developing the RBAC model with formal definitions of static and dynamic separation of duty. [3]
Sandhu, Coyne, Feinstein, and Youman (1996) introduced a framework of RBAC models, breaking down RBAC into four conceptual models that can be combined to provide a variety of RBAC systems. [5]
Sandhu (1996) showed that RBAC could be used to implement traditional multilevel security policies. [5]
Osborn (1997) provided a role lemma that must hold in a system supporting both multilevel security and RBAC.
Kuhn (1998) showed that a multilevel-secure system can implement RBAC, when the role hierarchy is a tree rather than a partial order. [8]
Kuhn (1997) provided theorems on necessary and sufficient conditions to ensure safety in RBAC separation of duty. [6]
Rudimentary forms of role based access control were implemented in a variety of ad hoc forms on many systems beginning in the 1970s. RBAC as used today derives from the model proposed by Ferraiolo and Kuhn (1992) and the model framework of Sandhu, Coyne, Feinstein, and Youman (1996). The timeline below traces the evolution of today's RBAC.
1992 – Ferraiolo and Kuhn paper defining RBAC with access only through roles, hierarchies and constraints; formal model
1994 – IBM files (in Europe) first patent application in RBAC area, cites Ferraiolo, Kuhn work as “closest prior art”
1997-1998 – Sybase, Secure Computing, Siemens announce RBAC products described as based directly on Ferraiolo-Kuhn RBAC model
1997 – Osborn paper on relationship between RBAC and multilevel security mandatory access (MLS/MAC) security policy models; role lemma relating RBAC and multilevel security
I have an idea for a website I would like to have built. I believe it would fall into the category of "large project".
I have spoken with, and been quoted by some web design agencies in the UK. However I am not convinced by what I am being told in terms of what can be built and cost.
I have no experience in web design, but I have spent a lot of time reading to help me grasp what can be done and to get a sense of the scale of the project.
I certainly know some web design agencies. I've worked with Sparkbox recently and that was pretty great. Just last night I met with some folks from Graydient Creative where I live here in Milwaukee and they seemed like good folks. In the UK I think of Clearleft.
But first, this reminds me of a current situation I'm in. I want to redo the front porch on my house.
I know what a porch is, but I don't, like know about porches. I don't have a good grasp on what porch renovation costs. I don't know exactly what I even want, other than that my current porch looks kinda crappy and I want to make it more beautiful and more useful.
So I'm in the position of hiring some kind of porch company. Are there porch companies? All I can do is web search for stuff and ask around. I have a few leads, but I'm not even equipped to evaluate who is a good lead and who isn't. I'm going to have to do a lot of meeting and talking.
But how firm is that vision? That might affect who you hire. If I had full schematics and blueprints of the exact porch I wanted, I'd probably be hiring a construction company who just exactly complies to my firm plan.
In my case, I want a porch company that guides me through a process. I don't know exactly what I want, so I want to be guided there, involving me in that process.
If you have a mockup and exact plan of what you want, you should be upfront about that when hiring an agency and you are hiring them to build a thing you have a firm plan for. Some may be into that, some may not. "Discovery" and "research" are a big deal to some agencies, and aren't into jumping into projects where they don't use the full process they normally use and believe in.
You're thinking website, but maybe when you explain your idea to an agency, they think native app. Are you open to that? Maybe what you're doing, a Facebook Group is actually what makes more sense. Who is using this thing? Why? Where? How?
Like I said with my porch, I don't know what I want. I hope they can show me other interesting porches. I hope they can tell me what considerations people normally have with porches. I hope they can use their experience to make smart decisions on my porch that I would have never thought of. Does my water main come in under my porch? I have no idea, but I hope they do.
I know that with my porch, the materials are going to have a big effect on cost. Different types of bricks; different types of wood. It's the same amount of work to lay cheap pine slats or lovely cedar planks. That, I understand.
A static website is a long way away from a customized CMS is a long way away from a site with public users that processes data in some custom way.
I imagine my porch will have cost variables that I don't even understand yet. Maybe scheduling is a big deal? Maybe the existing porch factors in in a big way? Maybe access to the porch affects what kind of equipment they can use and that's a big deal. I don't even know yet.
Just as importantly, I'd like to feel like they are strong communicators, have my best interests in mind, and come recommended.
Probably! Isn't that scary? I know it is for me. We can't A/B test entire projects. We're going to have to do our due diligence and then trust our gut and go for it.
First, don’t be afraid to iterate. Build the Minimum Viable Porch (MVP) and engage your users to help you understand what kind of porch they want to you to build. You really can’t know everything your site will need from the start, so if you can find a way to start smaller, you have a chance to test your business proposition, and how you partner with the agency. Maybe even have them create just a landing page for your business or product or service to see if you like their design sense and how they respond to your input.
Find a way to reach your target first, before you have your website, posting on social media (or on forums like this). Let people know your expertise in addressing the problems you’re in business to solve. Maybe you create a “freebie” download aimed at your target that can prompt them onto your email list.
You might even find you can create a thriving business without a “big” website. Don’t forget most online activity has moved to mobile.
Second, no business exists in a vacuum. Make sure you have a clear target for your business and check out what other businesses are doing online that have a similar target. Typically, it’s functionality rather than design that adds to the price tag, especially if it’s custom.
For example, a membership site with a learning management system and community features can add to the price tag vs. a content-focused site, but there are plugin providers who are bundling those features in turnkey solutions. So that’s different than creating new kinds of functionality that need to be coded or cobbled together. If there’s a site that’s doing what you want to do, it’s worth exploring how they chose to do it.
Finally, there are networks of entrepreneurs, meetups for startups, and other ways to find answers, recommendations, referrals, and guidance — like asking here. You’re already ahead of the game because you’ve shown a willingness to ask questions and get help. People want to get involved in cool things, so ask for what you want and you may be surprised. You don’t have to do it alone and, as you’ve no doubt realized, you simply can’t anyway.
I’ve been engaged to heal some train-wreck websites/apps, and they all had one thing in common — the business owner/decider only talked to one agency.
Why? Because good agencies will be busy and they will prefer to be spending their time creating things than doing pitches when they only have a 1/10 chance of winning them. They’ll have the confidence to spot a timewaster and move on.
This sounds like a complicated project and any pitch process is going to need to be a consultative one which is going to take time. Even big agencies don’t have infinite resources so will not give you their best if they feel it is not going to lead to anything.
Somebody below suggested hiring a good agency to do a discovery project to help you write the specs and decide on a scope for the project. This is great advice! You’ll get the best work out of them if you’re paying for their time.
However, be aware that this should not involve producing final visual designs, ux design or making technology choices and then taking them to a new company. The company you end up using might have strong opinions on those things and you don’t want them to feel hamstrung from the beginning by another consultants choices.
Don’t go buying a £200k website to fit an idea that might not be viable. If your first thought on that was (A £200k website?), then your idea is nowhere near as large as you think it is. That is not a lot, and while for one project it could be towards the larger end of the single-project market; it’s nowhere if your site has lots of content, or advanced theories.
Also STOP trying to have more than a cursory opinion on what the site technologies should be. This should be one of the last, least important things you consider. You should not be involved in the work on the ground if you are not an expert; wait until meetings, which you might want to schedule more often if you think there will be problems. Ask yourself this; “Are you really that bothered how you get to success, as long as you reach it?” I’d also suggest ignoring the books, as it will take too long to get to know anything substantive, they could be out of date; and being too opinionated without the experience and skills is going to cause problems.
I Spoke to a wonderful developer that created what I thought was a brilliant HR system, that needed some help brining his product to market. He built first, then took his idea to others. He had no idea the size of the market, how to sell, who to talk to. In the end they had him over a barrel, and he had to return to work as a developer.
A Business, and business development, is oceans away from the ability to code, or conceive of ideas. Who are your users? What do they need? Why chose you, out of all the other potential providers? How can you add value? What is the maximum value of your solution to the customer? Who can help you on your journey? All important questions; address them, and let experts fit the technology to the answers, help you explore, and if you can build as much in-house as possible.
I think the more interesting point here is that he is having conversations and getting some quotes, but is not confident in the information he is receiving. Perhaps it’s a scope problem – similar to “what does a porch cost” vs “what does this porch cost on my house”. Maybe engage someone do a discovery project and write some specs for you – that would put you at least get you a point of reference for quotes.
As a non-tech client you can’t really evaluate if what they tell you is true. So you’re in danger of falling for the guys with the bold statements. Don’t do it. I’ve done it, I’ve been burned. Seriously. Don’t do it! You haven’t really talked about all the facts, but they tell you “it’ll be no problem”? Leave. They’ll do everything and more for considerably less money than others? Leave. They have only one programmer for development & client support? Leave. Overpromising has become such a big problem these days.
It’s quite more complex (not complicated, just complex) and it comes with a lot of unexpected opportunities that are hard to predict.
Probably you don’t need a webisite just for the sake of having a website. You want to run a business (or do any other kind of jobs) on top of it. Basically, you want “to hire” a website for providing an interface to your service.
Giving that, you should keep the focus on building the (correct) service, instead of the (correct) website.
My tip – don’t work with big agencies. They push their work to subconttactors, like my company. Working with big agencies is just waste of money. Wanna be treated with respect? Wanna responsibility and engagement? Wanna quality? I can deliver it.
I used to work for a big agency and we did not send ANY of our work to subcontractors. A client can merely ask an agency is they outsource work or not. All those qualities you listed can also be delivered by a large agency, freelancer / whatever.
This is a pretty good guide to some issues you’ll face. https://abookapart.com/products/youre-my-favorite-client
This point is of particular interest if you already have a design in mind and just need some developer to build it.
Just as importantly, I’d like to feel like they are strong communicators, have my best interests in mind, and come recommended.
When comparing designers, you can see which designs in the portfolio look best to you. The same cannot be said for comparing developers, if you’re a non-developer. You would have to conduct much more rigorous tests to see if they do their job.
Is the page usable without JavaScript? (This may not be a requirement for your site or theirs, but if it works, it could indicate that the developers are serious.)
Does the page work in all browsers (FireFox, Safari, Chrome, and IE)? Does it work back to IE9? If you know you need IE8 (or less) support (don’t assume that you do, by the way) , that will require a lot of workarounds, and you need to know if the developers can do it.
Is the page screen-reader friendly? This is one of the trickiest things for a non-expert to check. Apple products come with VoiceOver. On Windows, you may need to install something like NVDA. (I’m not an expert on this. If somebody can give a better explanation or better advice for this, please do.)
Does the page use good SEO practices (semantic headings, etc.)? This is the hardest thing for a non-expert to check. There are some free SEO checkup sites may help evaluate, but automated checks are sometimes inaccurate, and might not even be up-to-date with modern search engines. (Ditto previous note: I’m not an expert on this. If somebody can give a better explanation or better advice for this, please do.)
(And for the record, I have met salesmen for agencies who were great communicators, but had little understanding of technology, and thus would tend to oversell their agencies/products. @Sebos is spot on with the danger of guys who can make bold statements.)
I suggest an approach where you don’t jump into building the site right away. Instead, maybe investigate your website idea first with low-cost, quick-turnaround solutions like wireframes, or even pencil and paper mock-ups. These you could even do yourself, using tools like Powerpoint or Keynote. Just create a landing page, if that’s all you can do. Or, if you don’t feel confident sketching out your ideas, write an outline of the site, what it does, who uses it, when they use it, main features, etc. In some way, give some form to that idea, and put it in front of some trusted peers for feedback. Get a sense of what it is you really want to build and why. This is basically user testing and validating your idea – two smarts things worth doing. Really figure out what it is you’re building. Then, when you’re ready to hire that agency, you even have something to show them to start the discussion. Good luck.

New bill could help Austin patients avoid surprise medical bills after visiting freestanding ERs | Community Impact Newspaper
Travis County Commissioners reviewed a criminal justice asset map—which details the county-wide, combined efforts to divert people from jail—and received an update on the Austin & Travis County Sobering Center—a forthcoming center to assist intoxicated individuals with immediate sobering needs.
Travis County Commissioners reviewed a criminal justice asset map—which details the county-wide, combined efforts to divert people from jail—and received an update on the Austin & Travis County Sobering Center—a forthcoming center to assist intoxicated individuals with immediate sobering needs. (Emma Whalen/Community Impact Newspaper)
Over $800 in out-of-pocket expenses was not what area resident Lance Kubiak expected to pay after visiting a freestanding emergency department, or FSED, late one night last year.
Kubiak, who has employer-provided health insurance, visited the FSED after experiencing an extended period of nausea and vomiting.
The staff took his blood pressure, gave him medication and fluids non-intravenously and sent him home without further use of the facility. He said he then paid over $100 for a copay followed by a $300 bill and $500 bill over the next few months.
“In total I ended up paying over $800 to basically be given an over-the-counter nausea pill,” Kubiak said.
Kubiak’s experience is reflected in data from a statewide study on FSEDs and urgent care center use in Texas. The study was led by researchers from the UTHealth School of Public Health and Rice University and published in the “Annals of Emergency Medicine” in December 2017.
According to the researchers who analyzed Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas insurance claims, in 2015 patients in Texas paid on average $763 in out-of-pocket costs at private FSEDs compared to $749 at hospital-based emergency departments and $63 at urgent care centers.
Although they have similar appearances, FSEDs, which were legalized in Texas in 2009, are different than urgent care centers because they are staffed by emergency room doctors and often have equipment such as X-ray machines, CT scanners and full laboratories on-site.
The researchers found the average cost per visit to treat the same ailment at an FSED is nearly 10 times higher than at an urgent care center.
David Huffstutler, CEO of St. David’s HealthCare, said opening FSEDs that are associated with St. David’s hospital network has helped expand accessibility to the emergency services available at hospitals, but they are more expensive to open than urgent care centers.
“Typically the freestanding ED’s are going to be more costly because the cost to operate them is much higher both in terms of capital [investment]and equipment.”
With mental health-related calls to Austin ISD police increasing each year and the workload of school counselors becoming more burdensome,... >
Use of FSEDs in Texas grew by 236 percent between 2012 and 2015, with significant overlap in the diagnoses and treatments administered at urgent care centers, according to the study. In Northwest Austin three FSEDs have opened since 2013.
Patients and lawmakers have expressed concern over a lack of transparency regarding insurance coverage at FSEDs and high out-of-pocket expenses.
A UTHealth health economics researcher from the study, Ellerie Weber, said a question raised after the study’s publication was what the FSED’s profits are.
“Certainly the people that work there think they are offering a service that the public needs and wants, and it’s justifiable,” Weber said. “Therefore the controversy is whether the prices are justifiable. We don’t know what their profits are and if that is a main driver for these things opening.”
In some communities where access to hospitals is limited due to geography or traffic congestion, FSEDs provide access to emergency medical care that was previously difficult to attain in a timely manner or outside of normal business hours.
Huffstutler said having St. David’s operate both FSEDs and urgent care centers that are associated with the hospital network has helped to increase availability of care in areas where traffic congestion or other issues make medical access difficult.
“With Austin’s growth and mobility challenges it’s very important that we bring varying levels of care out into the geography,” he said. “While patients out in these areas may need emergency care, it will never make sense to go into that area closer to their home and build another hospital, at least until there’s a lot more growth.”
Huffstutler said it is important for potential patients to understand the difference between FSEDs and urgent care centers. Going to an urgent care center for less time-sensitive ailments and injuries can save patients money.
“Urgent care centers are really intended to care for more minor illnesses but certainly in a convenient setting,” he said. “We’re talking about things like colds and flu strains, sprains, burns, lacerations, flu-like symptoms and those types of things.”
FSEDs, Huffstutler said, are designed to treat more traumatic injuries and illnesses. He also said patients should be aware of the difference between FSEDs that are associated with a hospital network and those that are not owned by hospital groups.
Huffstutler said nonhospital-affiliated FSEDs do not have to adhere to the same types of regulations that hospital-based FSEDs are subject to and also may not cover all insurance plans, which can lead to higher bills.
Each FSED may approach billing processes differently, said Lisa MaGruder, marketing director for an Austin-based FSED, Austin Emergency Center, which has a location at US 183 and Anderson Mill Road and one on Far West Boulevard. She said Austin Emergency Center has a patient advocate on call to handle billing disputes.
“That is something unique that we have that other freestanding EDs don’t. The patient advocate is a person that is 24/7 on call for billing problems and to answer questions,” MaGruder said.
In the wake of studies and complaints highlighting a lack of transparency in the billing process at FSEDs, state Rep. Tom Oliverson, R-Cypress, introduced and passed a bill during the 2017 Texas legislative session requiring that FSEDs make billing practices clear to patients.
The bill became effective in September and requires that FSEDs provide information about which insurance plans the facility is in-network with both on its website and in writing at the facilities.
Weber said that regardless of future policies or legislative changes patients should learn about the different types of medical facilities.
“The takeaway for patients is that you should educate yourself to the best extent possible,” Weber said. “[Patients should] really understand if this facility is going to be covered by your particular insurance and if this is something that can be treated elsewhere.”
Weber and her colleagues found that 15 out of the 20 most commonly treated diagnoses at FSEDs were also in the top 20 most commonly treated diagnoses at urgent care clinics.
Although Kubiak said he has gained a stronger understanding of the billing practices at FSEDs, he said he worries about the next time he needs medical attention without access to an urgent care clinic.
“Honestly after the last incident I’ll probably just wait it out, or if it gets really bad just call an ambulance,” Kubiak said. “If I am going to incur the same costs I would taking an ambulance to the ER, within reason, it’s not worth taking myself to a clinic and overpaying for a service.”
Fake, private ERs are a scourge on our community and need to be highly regulated and made to provide sliding scale help to the poor and real residents.
The one I work does have a sliding scale and most self-pay patients pay between $160 and $500. We also discount insured patients out-of-pocket cost such as copay, coinsurance and deductible. These are also on a sliding scale depending on original amount per the patient’s insurance benefits. We also do not balance bill. What you pay at the time of service is all we collect. Come by Vik Complete Westlake or Lakeway anytime for help. All freestanding ERs also must offer all patients a free Medical Screening Exam (MSE) to make certain their is no emergent situation happening.

Thriller – aka Boris Karloff’s Thriller – is an American anthology television series that aired during the 1960–61 and 1961–62 seasons on NBC. The show featured host Boris Karloff introducing a mix of macabre horror tales and suspense thrillers. Thriller was created by …
The Selection Trials for the FEI World Equestrian Games Tryon 2018, and the CRI 3* Test Event for Reining will be held May 8-13, at the Tryon International Equestrian Center.
Many hospitality business owners make the mistake of viewing their tax planning and preparation as a service that can be performed by any CPA firm. While they may be able to provide basic tax services, not every CPA firm understands the hospitality sector enough to identify industry-specific tax saving opportunities that are hidden by your current tax strategies. Also, not every CPA firm is aware of the complex and ever-changing tax laws affecting your industry. At Scott and Company, our tax specialists will work closely with you throughout the year to create innovative and customized solutions to minimize your tax burden. In addition, our cutting-edge technologies enhance our ability to comply with all federal and state taxing authorities. We stay on top of the laws and filing requirements affecting the hospitality industry in order to provide superior service to our clients. When legislative change happens, we will notify you immediately regarding any adjustments you may need to make to your overall tax strategy. The experienced hospitality tax team at Scott and Company can assist with any or all of the following tax services:




Here you are fresh extra virgin olive oil, picked up bu us, pressed and put in tans of five litres each.
These olives are made, cared and picked up by my father, young nephew and the family in our own vegetable farmer garden or vineyards on the slopes of mount and volcano Etna, in Randazzo, Sicily

Today I’m beginning a new series on old-fashioned habits and practices that I believe deserve a comeback. Because with all of the improvements in technology and convenience that our society boasts today, there are a few good, old-fashioned things we’ve lost. Simple things, like the art of writing letters, of dressing up, or of spending evenings together as a family.
I believe these “lost arts” and others like them deserve another look. More than that, they deserve a revival. These old-fashioned habits have the power to enrich our lives, to help us live slower and more intentionally in this hectic, attention-split world. Hence, the series.
Before we dive in, let me give a disclaimer that this is a series of “food for thought” posts. I’m not disdaining people who don’t share my opinions. These are my personal musings, but I hope they give you something to mull over–and maybe a nod in agreement if you’re feeling the same way!
I was born in 1988, which means I’ve never lived in a decade where people routinely dressed up for anything other than a wedding.
Yes, dress has been getting more casual for a long time, but it seems like standards really began to plummet by the ’80s and ’90s. As a youngster, I poured over old pictures and family photo albums and marveled at how formal everyone looked. Dresses for women and slacks for men seemed to be the norm–whether people were headed for church or simply a backyard barbecue. Women wore pants and shorts, too, but even these had a tailored, chic look and were dressed up with a feminine blouse or scarf.
My mom confirmed my observations: “Everyone dressed nicer back then. You got dressed up to get on a plane!”
When I go into restaurants these days and see people dining in their tank tops and yoga pants, I feel like we’ve lost something.
I suspect it’s a combination of the prevalence of lower-quality clothing (“fast fashion”) and a cultural mindset of casualness, not just in the way we dress but in the way we treat institutions and other people.
I realise it probably makes me sound like a crotchety old lady to bemoan the decline of dress standards. Yet the way we dress effects us every day of our lives, so isn’t this an important point to consider in an examined life?
There are a lot of positive things that can happen when you start dressing nicer. But as I’ve thought about it, one key consequence stands out: respect. We get more respect from others when we dress well. Even more importantly, we learn an attitude of respect ourselves. When you dress up for something, you show respect for the place, the event, the people present…and that unspoken token of respect often leads to actually feeling more respect for those things, and for enjoying them! Dressing nicely also shows that you respect yourself, and your current role and calling in life.
Let me give you an example. Walk onto almost any college campus, and you’ll encounter quite the spectrum of dress, from über casual to polished. If you were to sit in on a class, I can tell you it’s not the students in pajamas and hoodies who’d be engaged with the lecture. They’re usually the ones sitting in the back, texting on the sly and looking as bored as humanly possible. The students who speak up, take notes, and show an interest in the class are almost always the ones who are more dressed up. They look like they’re glad to be there and are making good use of their time, and they probably are.
It’s a bit of a chicken-or-the egg scenario, I suppose. Does dressing up make you confident and capable, or do you dress up because you’re already confident and capable? I think it works both ways, and that’s good news for those of us who want a practical way to improve our daily lives.
I love the fact that I can have a more efficient, positive morning of grocery shopping and running errands simply by dressing up. For me, that usually means doing my minimal makeup routine, wearing a skirt, and putting on jewelry and comfy flats. By contrast, when I feel sloppy looking I’m also more likely to slide into that role of frazzled, overly-busy mom who can’t find time to shower.
You see, dressing sloppily wraps you up in your self. It makes you feel self conscious and inward focused. So put yourself together first. Then you can mentally move past your appearance and enjoy the day and the tasks at hand.
When I wrote my post on Why Every Homemaker Should Dress for the Job She Wants, I got some backlash from people on Facebook who thought that advocating for dressing nicely means advocating impossibly high standards. While I do think it’s helpful to raise our standards when it comes to dress, I’m not saying you have to look like you stepped out of a 1950s movie set. (Although I do love some good old-fashioned eye candy with the colors and styles!) There’s a way to look nice without looking pretentious or like you’re going to a costume party.
If you want to dress nice every day, start by enjoying what you wear and being proud of the way you look. To get there, you’ll need to take stock of your current wardrobe and do some intentional editing, paring down to just the items you love. Purging the mediocre items from your closet will automatically improve your day-to-day appearance!
As you declutter your closet, you’ll begin to hone in on your personal style and you’ll discover what clothes make you look and feel your best. You’ll also discover that your wardrobe might not be up to par with your newly-defined standards. If that’s the case, I recommend gradually rehabilitating your wardrobe with classy, foundational style staples like these 25 wardrobe essentials. These are classic pieces that will be chameleons to almost any situation, depending on how you choose to style them and dress them up or down.
If you’re frustrated by trying to find wardrobe staples on your own, a style service like Stitch Fix can help. You fill out a style profile, and then you’ll be matched to a stylist who will select five items and have them shipped to you. Then you buy what you want and send the rest back.
Another fun way to improve your daily style is to find role models and people whose style you admire. These could be real-life women you know who have a good fashion sense, famous style icons, or even people from old movies and advertisements of a more fashionable era. For myself, I love the style of Sophia Coppola, who proves that you can look stylish but still be comfortable! When you’re online and find looks or style elements you’d like to try, save them to a Pinterest idea board. Gradually, you’ll train yourself to notice the elements of good style, and your clothing choices and shopping habits will become more intentional.
As a side note, you can improve anything you wear by having good posture and maintaining the three basic health pillars (good diet, exercise, and plenty of sleep!).
The more you think about it, the more you’ll start to notice the casual bent that’s prevalent in our culture: pajamas to class, sneakers to business meetings, hoodies and sweatshirts everywhere, cargo shorts and graphic tees for guys, yoga pants for girls. Clothing like this isn’t inappropriate in itself, but too often we wear it in the wrong context.
Get into the fun of dressing up and consider how you can stand out (in a good way) by putting more care into your appearance.
For each of the following places and occasions, think about how you normally dress, then take your outfit just “one level up.” Do you wear exercise clothes when you go to the store? Try switching to nice jeans and a cute top. Already wearing that? Try putting on a comfortable dress one day. The idea is that you don’t need to go the whole nine yards, just take your outfit the extra mile(:
Some of these may seem like a given, but unfortunately many no longer are! Even at home, why not treat yourself to looking nice? Wear clothes around the house that are comfortable but still make you feel put together. Sleep in something that makes you feel pretty or cute.
Basically, what do you want your wardrobe to say about you and the way you view life? I think every day is something special, and I don’t mind dressing up to show it.
Do you believe in dressing nicely for the everyday? How do you keep your style classy yet comfortable?
This post is part of my “lost arts” series, where I pick an old-fashioned habit to discuss and talk about why we should blend it back into our modern-day lives. Here are the other posts in this series (I’ll be adding more in the coming months!):
I LOVE this post, Elsie! Earlier this week, I happened to read some of Elisabeth Elliot’s thoughts on dressing nicely to show respect to people. You’re so right that dressing better than you normally do really affects so much, from your attitude to the way other people treat you.
Thank you, Hilary! Did you read that from a specific Elisabeth Elliot book? I’d love to read that! She is one of my favourite mentors.
I love this and quite literally, in the last few days, I have decided to dress like a lady. I feel so icky sometimes and I am sick of it. I always feel good when I dress well, like a woman. It also struck me, as a mother to a 3-year-old girl that she is watching me to see what it means to be a woman. I want her to be a lady, because she is precious, and so I need to model this to her. I am going to have to purge my wardrobe and do some thrift-shop adventures to find lady-like clothes, but I will get there! Thank you, Elsie! As always!
Sarah, I am so glad you enjoyed this post! I love the way my mom put time into her appearance, and I want to model that for my children, too. I don’t know if I have a daughter yet, but I even like showing my son that I care for my appearance…he knows I like looking pretty for his dad, and why we dress up more for certain things!
I always dress nice for church!! ALWAYS. I don’t go out a lot and so when I get a chance I love to dress up. Summer it is always a dress!!
This is a a wonderful post! I definitely want to look good and feel good so this post really encouraged me to present myself in a respectful way.
I so agree with you. I do believe people intentionally dress down to make it look like that people who dress nicely are not “cool” and take too much time to look that way. In contrast to the sloppy dressers who make you believe that they are hip/cool and are so able to pull off the “I don’t care” look. My daughter is 14 and I always tell her to take the time to put a nice outfit together. Thanks for your post 🙂
Yes, we’re definitely saying something by the way we dress–and many people do intentionally dress down! That is awesome that you are encouraging your daughter to put thought into this area!
I really enjoyed this. I think you just feel better about yourself when you look your best while doing whatever needs to be done for the day. work or errands a skirt or jeans and nice top, a day of cleaning or home projects yoga pants and a cute top with hair up and a little makeup on maybe. Dress your best for whatever the occassion. You can always make an exception and spend a cozy day in your pjs but it shouldnt be the norm.
Yep, I agree–I definitely have those cozy sweatshirt/pj days sometimes! And those days definitely have a different vibe to them. I could not get done what I need to if I dressed like that every day! (And I’d eat way too much junk food…)
Thank You so much for Your Site……..I really enjoy it a lot. I do not even consider these Things You have mentioned to be Old Fashioned. Never should we ever have let ourselves look sloppy while going out anywhere. We should never have started following others Whom started doing this. Did We do it just because it is easier? Anyways, You are so Right. Nothing should be above getting up in the morning, taking a shower & fixing up for whatever our day holds. I don’t care if You are a Man or a Woman, do something to make Yourself look like YOU care about Yourself & Those around You, PERIOD. It is just Good Grooming, Great Common Sense & One of the Reasons so many are so Depressed & Down today. Don’t ever use the excuse I have no one to dress up for? Even your Cat or Dog will notice the difference in how YOU Treat Them if You Uplift Yourself by doing something for Yourself. God Bless & Keep with the Uplifting & Helping Women to become Ladies once again.
Thank you for the encouraging words! I love exploring these things and hopefully inspiring others in their daily life, too!
Hello! A friend of mine sent me your post and thought I would enjoy it. I thoroughly did, and 100% agree with all you wrote! It truly is a lost art. Recently, God laid modesty in my clothing on my heart, and I redid my entire wardrobe. I tend to pull my style inspiration from the 40s and 50s. They were classy, elegant, and decent. One of the things I have found fascinating is how differently I am treated. I have more people hold the door for me, or say hello since swapping my attire. It’s interesting!
I am pouring over your Instagram–so lovely! I love the way that dressing in a more ladylike fashion usually brings modesty along with it. I think it’s classy and timeless to be modest.
This is such a good blog article! I’ve seen more respect due to what I was wearing and I’ve heard other women tell of the respect they received by dressing up for students of all ages as well as for adults.
I’m looking forward to this series of “lost arts” and other old-fashioned “goodness,” which needs to come back.
You’re welcome! I have so many ideas for this series! I won’t be doing them all in a row, but interspersing them with other content, too. But I’m quite excited!
What a wonderful post Elsie! I was born in 1959 so obviously I’m much older than you but I couldn’t agree with you more regarding this post. As a child I saw my mother dress up to go out to dinner in a sweater set , skirt. pearls and heels, or a gorgeous dress!( and of course a girdle). I used to love watching her get ready! But even for the everyday my mother looked smart and put together in cigarette pants, beautiful tailored blouses and tops, along with adorable flats or sparkling clean Keds tennies! I posted a picture of my mother once on FB that was taken in the 60s. She looked beautiful even though the picture is one of an ordinary day and she is sitting in front of her beloved stereo. All of my FB friends then began a conversation on how gorgeous our mothers all looked back then and how they took such care of their appearances and clothing. Dressed for confidence and respect everyday. This made them all beautiful!
I remember once in the early 70s my mother held a volunteer position for a charity and needed to go to a meeting in another state. She commissioned 2 new dresses to be made for her airplane trip! I can’t believe my eyes now when I see people get on a plane in pajamas!
I recently lost my sister and her memorial service was at a funeral home. As our family were all arriving early for last minute preparations etc. a woman, an employee of the funeral home, was holding the door for us. As we passed through, myself, my other sister, my deceased sister’s adult daughter, the employee made the comments, “Oh my gosh you’re all in dresses! Why are you in dresses, nobody wears dresses anymore!” Needless to say she was in black slacks. We were all dressed out of respect for my dear sister!
How interesting! I think a lot of people think about “fashion” these days, but fashion and style aren’t the same thing. As a whole, our culture has lost the latter.
Very sorry for your loss. I find it amazing that people feel they have the right to comment on things like you wearing dresses ! Especially at a time like that!! What she SHOULD have said was “how lovely to see you all in dresses as not many people wear them anymore and you all look like ladies!!” Working where she does she should have had more respect for your grief.
A fond recent memory I have was when I went to the store in a skirt and blouse and a man likely in his 70s said, “young lady, (I am 50!), it is so nice to see a woman in a skirt!”
I have 3 daughters and we all love to dress up daily. We do not leave the house until all hair and teeth are brushed and perfume and deodorant is on 😁 my girls all have hair down past their waists and we always wear skirts or dresses down to the knees or longer. They are 13 10 & 7 but have done this since very little 🌼 my boys shave and must have teeth and hair brushed and they choose to wear trousers or jeans and proper shoes – they are now 21 and have done this since very little too. They are twins so we always received a lot of attention wherever we went and everyone always comments on our girls saying how lovely they look and how nice it is to see them looking like little girls.
I am a firm believer in looking your best when you are out and about. It’s not hard to simply look near and smell nice and you don’t need expensive clothes or even a lot of them 🌷🌷🌷
That is exactly right! I always loved how in old books, the heroes and heroines often have a strong sense of personal dignity–and that would translate to looking neat, even if they didn’t have a lot of wealth. I think your children will thank you for this upbringing some day (I know I’m grateful to my own mother for this!)
I’m probably a little older than many of the posters so I can clearly remember a time when you ALWAYS dressed up for church, going out to dinner, going visiting, shopping at a nicer store like Hudson’s or Lord and Taylor,, or even flying on a plane. I miss it. I find any more that “comfortable” seems to have become synonymous with “sloppy.” Like some of your other posters I always dress for church at the very least. I guess just because the rest of the world wants to look like slobs doesn’t mean we have to!
It is too bad dressing up nice is becoming a rarity! I’m glad we can still choose to stand out–in a good way–and maybe inspire others to take joy and pride in putting a good foot forward, too(:
I really enjoyed reading your thoughts. I’m 54 and when I was a kid I was taught that you always dress your best when you go to church. That’s the least we can do for The Lord. My first few years of school I had to wear dresses to school, I can actually remember getting my first pair of jeans. My mom told me I could only wear those to play in! 😊 I’m sorry to say sometimes I wonder if people ever look in a mirror before they go out of the house. I like to be comfortable like everyone else but there is a time and a place for it. I’ll get on my soapbox and say leggings should never be worn without a long top or a dress over them. Ladies they aren’t pretty! 🤦🏻‍♀️ Thank you for your thoughts ! Nice to hear considering how things are now days.
Yes, I guess I’m a bit old-fashioned! I don’t want to offend people who don’t share my opinions on dressing up, of course, but I love offering some food for thought! And there are so many options with clothing nowadays that you can definitely look nice and still be comfortable.
Have you read the book – The Lost Art of Dress: The Women Who Once Made America Stylish? I borrowed it from my library a while back and it was very interesting.
Thank you, Maria! I haven’t read that book, but it sounds like something I’d like. I’ll see if my library has it!
I love this post ,it’s so true,people hardly ever dress up anymore . As a personal choice I have decided to only wear classic style clothing such as dresses and skirts and blouses ,but that also means shopping online because I can never find anything in my size or style in stores without spending an arm and a leg and I am on a budget. I have a few favourite dresses that I wear to the mall and when I do I get so many compliments .
Sounds like you have a lovely style! And similar to what I gravitate towards(: It is like digging for buried treasure to find good classic pieces in budget, though. I’ve found some gems at thrift stores!

All Bible studies and worship services have been canceled this morning, Sunday, February 4th, due to the incoming wintry weather.
Please always use your best judgement when ice and snow make attending worship or church events potentially dangerous.
In addition to information on the web site, you may check the WXII closings website or watch WXII (Channel 12), or check for an email if you are a member.
When King Dave and his people had the opportunity to raise money and the necessarily supplies to build the temple, they responded. It was with joyful generosity that all the materials were gathered. David was never able to see the building completed. That was left for his son, Solomon. Join us this Sunday as we explore David’s heart and why he could be so joyful and generous.
Where your treasure is, there your heart shall be. I’ve misunderstood this phrase for years. It doesn’t mean – “Put your heart in the right place and then everything else will follow.” That’s not bad, but what Jesus is saying is more pointed – “Look where you put your money. That’s how you tell what’s really in your heart.” Think this is easy? Think again. Ask any teenager how hard it is to control the heart. Join us as we learn from our Lord how to turn our heart to him.
When JD Rockefeller was asked, “How much money is enough?” he answered, “Just a little bit more.” Are you never quite satisfied? This Sunday come and hear how God has provided for your every need and how he unlocks the key to your happiness.
This Sunday we begin our 2018 Stewardship Program: Joyfully Generous. The focus this Sunday will be on God’s grace to us. The earth is the Lord’s and everything in it. He has given us all that we have. This basic truth is a key to contentment. Join us for worship this Sunday at 10 AM.
We are delighted to share with you all the videos celebrating the 70th anniversary of the Society. We have a great collection!
One of our recent events was a hugely successful gala tribute to the Honourable Irwin Cotler. On this occasion, the Prime Minister of Canada sent along the following greeting:




Be informed that this forum is not an official support forum for Joomla! 4.0. Any issues regarding Joomla! 4.0 must be reported at https://issues.joomla.org/.
Joomla! 4.0 is still in its Alpha stage. This forum should be used for sharing information about Joomla! 4.0.	
Did you find a bug in Joomla! 3.x but aren't sure? This forum is the place to help figure out if the problem is a bug and how to report it. If you are an experienced Joomla! user and are certain that you have found a bug please use the Bug Tracker to submit your issue.
This forum is for discussion about bugs and to get help with reporting them to the Bug Tracker: https://issues.joomla.org	
The mission of the Joomla User Experience Team (JUX Team) is to create a great overall user experience for Joomla site administrators, thereby giving site users the same. We approach UX with a process, including defining the interaction design, information architecture, usability requirements, visual design through user research, mobile content and accessibility.
Get involved now with the JUX Team activities in the JUX Forum and find out more about official Working Groups on the documentation wiki.	
The support for Joomla 2.5 ended on December 31, 2014. Possible bugs in Joomla 2.5 will not be patched anymore. This forum has been closed. Please update your website to Joomla 3.x	
Joomla Idea Pool <-- Add your suggestions for future versions of Joomla and vote on current suggestions.


Add video to your company logo that can be scanned & streamed anywhere in the world by the Brand It Live app, and where internet access is authorized.
Add a streaming video channel to your company logo. Now customers, followers, and prospects can scan & stream your video message anywhere in the world your logo appears, with the Brand It Live app. You can change your video message weekly, daily, monthly, quarterly, or annually.
The 2018 High School Fall sports season starts the week of August 6th. In order to tryout, all students must have a current Physical (dated after April 15, 2018) and an Athletic Contract on file in the BHS Athletic Office. Click on the Tryout Spreadsheet Fall 2018-19 for dates, times and locations of tryouts for each
On Wednesday October 18th, both 8th grade Football and Girls’ Basketball teams will play first at 4:15pm. The 7th grade will play after. This is due to the 8th grade Washington DC trip and making sure our student-athletes can participate in both activities. Wednesday October 18th @ Brandon G. Baksetball vs. Clio = 8th grade 4:15pm,
Multiple Teams · Mar 5 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Fenton High School 58-48
Wednesday, March 1, 2017 7:00 PM Fenton High School AWAY 58 Brandon High School HOME 48 Game Recap The Lady Blackhawks took on Fenton in the second round of districts on Wednesday and fell in a tough battle by the final score of 58-48. The Hawks and Tigers went blow for blow in the first
Multiple Teams · Feb 27 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball beat Grand Blanc High School 37-33
Monday, February 27, 2017 6:00 PM Brandon High School AWAY 37 Grand Blanc High School HOME 33 Game Recap The Lady Blackhawks opened postseason play Monday night at Grand Blanc High School taking on the host Bobcats in opening round action. Brandon put together a tremendous defensive effort and played hard, smart, and together for
Multiple Teams · Feb 27 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Holly High School 39-28
Friday, February 24, 2017 6:00 PM Brandon High School AWAY 28 Holly High School HOME 39 Game Recap Despite falling behind early 8-0, the Lady Blackhawks surged back and took the lead in the third quarter. Holly used a 12-4 fourth quarter to pull away and take the win. Rachel Hendershott once again paced Brandon
Multiple Teams · Feb 27 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Kearsley High School 54-45
Friday, February 17, 2017 6:00 PM Kearsley High School AWAY 54 Brandon High School HOME 45 Game Recap The Lady Blackhawks fell to Kearsley by the final score of 54-45. The Hornets used a 21-6 second quarter advantage to seize control of the game, and take the victory. Rachel Hendershott was a dominate force for
Multiple Teams · Feb 15 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Swartz Creek High School 42-34
Tuesday, February 14, 2017 7:00 PM Brandon High School AWAY 34 Swartz Creek High School HOME 42 Game Recap The Lady Blackhawks were shorthanded on Tuesday night as they traveled to Swartz Creek without two players who were out due to illness. Despite missing their teammates, Brandon battled Swartz Creek in a physical game that
Multiple Teams · Feb 11 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Flushing High School 44-19
Friday, February 10, 2017 6:00 PM Brandon High School AWAY 19 Flushing High School HOME 44 Game Recap Brandon traveled to Flushing on Friday night for a FML game against the Raiders. The Hawks struggled to find any offensive rythmn in the first half and got outworked by Flushing, as the Raiders took a 28-4
Multiple Teams · Feb 8 Brandon High School Girls Varsity Basketball falls to Bendle High School 44-30
Tuesday, February 7, 2017 7:00 PM Bendle High School AWAY 44 Brandon High School HOME 30 Game Recap In the FML/GAC Challenge Coaches vs Cancer game on Tuesday night, the Lady Blackhawks took on the Bendle Tigers. Both teams got off to a quick start offensively, with the Hawks trailing 14-13 after a quarter of

Hello TV Addicts! Here's our weekly place to discuss the non-recapped shows. See you in the comments!
Bkacklist is 2 part finale that starts tonight. Producer had good article on tv guide.com. went and rewatched that scene where Liz telks Red she's done with him.
Grimm - gross vesen of the week. Funny when Trubel says vesen in front of Drew Wu. Love that name. I like it when Adalind is up to no good.
Vikings - rewatched from dinner thru to end again - so well done. So many looksback and forth that we thought meant one thing that meant another. Watching it again knowing how they are really faking out horic was amusing to see it happen
24 - Watched special too. I'm psyched! Hopefully the kids and mother-in-law give the wife and I time to watch it!
Mad Men - This short half season has been really good so far. Like the role reversal with Peggy running a campaign with Don working for her. His reaction to it all was priceless. You could see his great business chops at work with the Used IBM computer guy (or whatever you want to call the product lol) but of course he screwed that up with his drunken self. Love to see a computer coming into the office and that it requires construction.
Roger and his daughter stuff was pretty good too. Surely we'll be covering Woodstock in some way in the back half of the season (August '69). They already referred to the Moon Landing in this ep and I assume that will be in this mid-season finale. (July '69)
ONCE: Still watching, penultimate episode was pretty good! Rumple just couldn't leave things be could he!? Looks like all hell is about to be unleashed on Storybrooke yet again. And apparently, we'll get a preview of what realm we will get a taste of next. lol Fingers crossed for a galaxy far far away!!! (kidding, but you know...Disney! lol)
24==Not bad, interesting that Lady Stark is back! I do get tired of the best agent is the rebel agent, ie Kate or before her Bauer. A lot of predictable stuff, like the girl killing the device inventor.
24 - I liked it. Jack is back! Yeah, there are a lot of the usual plots at play, but I just like Jack Bauer in our lives. And of course we got a couple "Dammits" too. lol Interesting that Heller has the early signs of dimensia/Alzheimers and is the current sitting President. Glad they explained Audrey's recovery from the catatonic state. And of course, they're tying in a lot of current news events with Drone warfare and Wikileaks.
And yes...Lady Stark is the bad guy/gal, for now. There's always a bigger fish (in the words of Qui Gon Jin lol).
24---LOL on dammits, forgot about those, but yea. Audrey's new husband and Jack will go at it and Audrey will find out. Of course we were left with the notion that her new husband could be behind it--as you say someone always higher.
Blacklist--wow great ep. Liz brought some good acting again. This show could be another level up next year with her bringing an A game.
Watching Red being not that concerned about the police closing in around him was kind of strange, then when he spoke about the kiss on the cheek, it became a regular Red "knows all and is in control" moment--lol. For a while it was looking like he was going to jail, but at the very end of the ep, it looks like it will be ok for him. The stuff with Liz quiting and her seemingly not caring about the fallout on her co workers was selfish. She knew the force would be broken up, even if Ressler didn't want to tell her some specifics. Still no big reveal on REd/Liz relationship. But, she now knows something about Sam that wasn't good, at least per Red.
Looks like Berlin(btw, we now know it's not a girl/place, but a guy) will roll over into next season????? Wonder who it will be, hopefully another great actor? What were all of those other people on the plane and why was the pilot shooting those passengers. There is a part of me that just doesn't get Berlin flying in on an old C-47 like that which is so slow/uncomfortable. An old WWII vintage Army Air Corps plane, did that itself have meaning along with the name Berlin? OK, I'm probably over thinking now.
24 - Good point, didn't even consider Jimmy Cooper (OC reference. Referring to Audrey's Husband aka Tate Donovan) could be behind the whole thing. lol
One thing I can't remember from the series, someone mentioned that Jack almost assassinated a sitting President. I can't remember which one that was, but can only think of Logan as a possibility since he was caught up in the season 5 "bad guy" activities.
Blacklist--OK, so the passengers were prisoners and the pilot shot the guards. But seriously a C-47 still in WWII colors. And prisoners of what country?
24 - I couldn't remember whar prez he went after either. Or why he was considered a terrorist at the end. Mole hunt - def looking at Audreys hubby - he is son in law toprez but you dont talk to potus like that. His asst was also squirrely. Had to laugh - black guy whined 3 times in 2 hrs that the chick couldn't figure out hubby was a mole. We got it already! But it was fun to hang with Jack again
24 - All true and good points with Audrey's husband. I don't remember exactly why he was a fugitive but I certainly remember the final few minutes of the episode where he said goodbye to Chloe and fled the country because he was going to be considered a fugitive. And we found out now that Chloe served time for helping him escape.
Mad Men – Agree with everything you said, Mike. Don was just a mess! Loved that the former drunk, Freddy, takes Don away from the office and is protecting him! I thought last week that he seemed to take too easily to this new role at the office with all these rules which was out of character for him. The computer room was pretty funny, but so was the episode way back when they got their first copier. lol
MJ - Yes, I still watch CSI. Haven't seen the last episode yet, but saw that it had Patricia Arquette in it. I liked Medium too.
Madmen--just saw. It's so sad to watch. Burt telling Don, that he doesn't know why he's there either. Don could have had a much bigger job than working for Peggy. I'm not liking this show right now. Peggy is a mess. Joanne is I don't know what. Burt doesn't consider how much money Don made him. Almost everyone is a wreck or down.
Don attacking the guy from Leasetech was strange and so maybe showed he wasn't ready to be in a working environment? He used to be able to drink and do some good things.
Mad Men - I think the show is staying very true to the "downward spiral" theme that it's been on since the beginning. They have gradually showed the world changing around Don but he didn't change with it. He's still wearing those suits and playing the part of the "astronaut" that could walk into a room and make the winning pitch. We've seen over the last few years that he has lost his fastball. At the end of last season, he finally came at work and to his family about his past. He was done pretending....of course, it was bad timing at work and led to his "leave".
But, I think subconsciously he wants to prove he can still do this job and do it at SCP. But, he's going to have to be humbled along the way. The episodes we've seen so far were pretty much displaying him at rock bottom and starting his climb back up.
Though, I really have no idea what Matthew Weiner's plans are for Don's long arc. Will it be one of redemption or just overall failure? I don't think we'll find out in this half season. But, the fact that he turned down Neve Campbell's character's offer on the plane means there might be "SOME" kind of growth going on.
Many critics go into depper layers of things going on on this show, which I always enjoy hearing about but never really see when I'm watching the show. They have noticed that a running theme on this show has always been adults acting like children. That would be Don this week, Betty last week with her son trading her sandwich. (They also note that Betty is also a person stuck in a time with the way she dresses and acts) One critic said, "this is how people become your grandparents" lol
Not sure where I'm going with all of this, but I certainly still find the show entertaining. And I think there's always been that element of "sadness" to it. Only 3 episodes left this half season, I think you can make it Richard! lol
Bates - Finished the final 2 episodes. Pretty intense! So, Norman finally knows the truth about what happened to his father and Blaire Watson. And we see what voice is egging on his blackout self...good ol' Norma. So, I don't think we're meant to think that Norma actually killed Blaire, right? It was just what his inner voice was telling him so that he could pass the polygraph. Dude is creeeeepy!
Nice resolution to the Caleb stuff too....and they offed all of the drama they introduced this season with Ford and Zane. Wonder if this will make Caleb the big cheese in season 3?
Anyway, this has been an enjoyable show and I think that can be attributed to Carlton Cuse overseeing the thing. I see that he's going to be adapting the actual french version of THE RETURNED for US television (instead of the Ressurection show which was a similar theme but not based on that show). And he's also involved in Michael Crichton's The Strain miniseries. Seems like he's keeping busy.
Looks like I'm going to get further behind on Orphan Black before I get caught up. I'll be taking the newborn on her world tour starting Saturday through next week...so blogging will be at a minimum as will TV watching I'm sure. lol
For you Revenge watchers - word is the show got really good again this season...any truth to those rumors? Have to figure out what shows we'll prioritize once the core TV season calms down. :)
Madmen--it's just that it used to be up and down. Now it's depressing and I don't need depressing entertainment. I will endure as so much already invested, thankfully I can fast forward--lol.
Grimm--Well we're getting Trubl involved now and even Grimm said he might need her (my words). Have you noticed how ALL the female Grimms are hardcases to the point of almost being unbalanced/strange? I can't blame Adalind for wanting her baby and she should think it strange that the police aren't doing more. That she is now working with the royals is pretty smart on her part, except she's being played by those who are lieing about having her baby.
Mad Men - I hear you, I guess I just always saw the depressing stuff coming. It's just a question on if they'll build him back up before the end or not. Surely there will be some kind of positives coming. But they have to pave the road to get there. This is only the first half of the final season! (though it won't seem like that with taking a year off in between lol)
Bates - watched both as well. Def creepy with his other personality as Norma. No - we are notbto think Norma killed her. When Normans other personality internally appears as Norma. We saw it when he was with ms watson - then she was egging him on to kill. Its really his alter ego tha just looks like Norma. After hours was awful at times. Caleb? You mean Dylan? Real question is why Romero wants Dylan to take over? Has to be more than he knows the rules. We all knew of course that Norman would bnot kill self, but I wondered if he'd kill someone else by accident.
Shield - now we know how Ward hooked up with Garret. Obviously Fitz and Simmons not dead. Loved the'large file upload' bad when the empbwas set off accidentally but Skye's laptop still worked
Heard about re-do of Returned. We'll see. Toomany returnedfrdead/zombies now. Cw suposed to be doing a zombie show. Nets always over do it when a show is a hit. Also the new Hbo one coming too
Bates - Yeah that's what I took from it too, just wanted to make sure everyone was thinking the same. I do mean Dylan (not sure why I said Caleb. I think there's a caleb on another show lol) Yeah...if there's anything we know it's that Norma and Norman are pretty safe from being killed, right? Norma Bates was in Psycho too wasn't she? It's been so long since I've watched.
Zombie shows - Well technocally The Leftovers is a show about "The Rapture" stage of the end of days (or at least it can be interpreted that way). These people disappear and we see who is left over and what happens to them. But yeah...they're probably all getting greenlit because of the popularity of Zombie themed movies/TV right now. But, I think Cuse is attaching his name to The Returned because that French show is pretty acclaimed. But of course, you're not going to get a large American audience to read subtitles as our small sampling here would tell you! lol
FWBL - Haven't watched it yet but have them all recorded. Good to know there are some redeeming qualities.
FRIENDS - I'm sure people saw that yesterday was the 10 year anniversary since the finale!? Where has the time gone? lol I'd say I miss it, but I probably watch at least one episode a night in syndication before I go to bed. lol Timeless classic!
Zombies - I said zombies/return from dead shows I thought. But yes - Leftovers is technically the ones left behind. Similar mysteries I'm guessing. think I heard that they don't know the Rapture has happened at first - just that 5% of population has disappeared. LOL on subtitles - exactly why I did not watch.
Ever see a show called Writers room ? They are doing SOA this week and will have Sutter on. Just FYI
Friends - did not read that - so thanks. Yes - hard to believe 10 years. I don't know how you all find time for the reruns (know others that do too) I can barely keep up with new stuff.
Zombies - Yeah you did say that. That's what I meant though...Leftovers has nothing to do with that. They were completely wiped off the map. lol Right, it appears they don't know it's the rapture or they're not even going to call it the Rapture. But, I've seen in several interviews Lindelof is being very upfront that there is no mystery to solve. It's "a mysterious event happened" and the show deals with the fallout. They're not going to be trying to solve that mysterious event. I think he's covering himself after the LOST fiasco. lol
I really want to watch The Writer's Room...they did one on Breaking Bad last year. But, I don't get the channel that it airs on unfortunately. I could buy the episodes but that just goes against some non-existent principles I have! lol
Friends - Well...we always have the show set to record...and we always want something familiar and something we can tune out on the TV right before bed....FRIENDS always fits the bill! lol I put the sleep timer on and then put an episode of FRIENDS on. lol I usually fall asleep halfway through.
Vikings - Thanks for the link! I'll check it out. Guess I gotta brush up on my "history". lol I didn't remember if the Vikings sailed West eventually.
Sounds like the showrunner doesn't want to skip too much time too quickly, but if they want to end with America they're going to have to somehow skip some time at some point to get to that. lol
Resurrection - who knew Fred was such a jerk to his wife back in the day - though they did not tell us how. I wondered if immigration guy was the missing boy - but he's too young since they worked the mill in the owners grandfathers time! Maybe he's a descendent.
Creepy with Rachael looking at her own dead body. And whats with the bugs? Did that road just disappear?
Sundance - Hmmm...maybe I do get it and "unselected it" from the TiVo box by accident. lol I do de-select a lot of non HD channels because I don't want the TiVo accidentally recording the wrong channel!
TRAVELLING - FYI - we'll be taking the upgraded family on tour this coming week to visit out of town family. So, I'll be trying to squeeze in my favorite shows where I can, but I'm thinking recapping is a long shot. lol So, I'll post up our weekly discussion post, a GoT discussion post and a Revolution discussion post and call it a day! :)
Renewals - abc lannounced a bunch yesterday. Once, revenge, shield all coming back. Modern family of course but that's no shocker! Lol
BBT - well we felt like an event had to happen this season and it finally did last night. Pretty fitting way for them to get engaged. Now I can see kinda how they might be able to do 3 more seasons. At least 2. Wedding next year, newlyweds season after. Maybe pregnancy somewhere in there for one or multiple couples. Still churning out the laughs though! Just watched the Star Wars day episode from last week too. Good times. Lol
Blacklist - not only was her acting better, so was her hair. Didn't get the use of old plane either. And of course the plane flies right over Red as he's being arrested.
Americans - who knew their handler was a red shirt! And are we to believe the guy who killed her killed that couple/his handlers ? Love that she will let Paige go protest the gov't with the jesus freaks but dont go to summer camp with them. Very smart of Arkady to tell that russian so he could warn Nina.
Americans - You know I didn't piece that together but it probably is the same guy! It definitely is shaping up for a showdown with him by the end of the season, probably ending in his death. Good points on everything else! I just watched it last night, and I'll admit...I was a little sleepy. lol
Grimm - Just caught up on this too. Truble is a fun little sidekick. I wonder if the plan is for her to stick around. lol But yes...her saying Wessen in front of Wu was pretty funny. And looks like he had was having some flashback memories of his previous encounter. I expect that to be a factor in the season finale. Next season I'm sure all of them will know what Nick really does for a living. lol But it was cool for them to drag it out this long.
Americans - I only just came to the tought that this guy killed his handlers. Guess killing this chick was revenge for the deaths on the base last week.
Blacklist - just how did they get the military to shoot at that plane by the way? It was a prison transport - no way that would happen. And the FBI never reallythought about allthe info and things Red got each week?
Revolution and Community canceled. I pretty much assumed Rev, but I figured they'd give Community its 6th season (i.e. #sixseasonsandamovie)



I'm in search of a clover for St. Patrick's day, i tried to find one this morning but couldn't. Can anyone find an SVG of a clover (regular, no designs so i can cut them out plain and decorate). My kids wanted them for their teachers but i had to experiment with hearts and weld them on SCAL. I dont know Inkscape still.
I'm halfway through planet Phobos, and I'm still using/loving Excalibur. He's very versatile, but the focus is still getting up close and personal. Slash Dash is your best friend. That should be maxed out immediately. Radial Blind should be next. It is EXTREMELY useful in defense missions and when there's 100 enemies around your buddy who needs to be revived. Super Jump is a complete waste, and Radial Javelin is great when there's a moderate amount of strong enemies around you, and they need to die immediately.
For weapons, I would highly recommend using the Grakata, as it has the highest DPS output for low mastery levels. It has an insane fire rate, and is actually quite accurate, but has very strong recoil. The key to making a beastly Grakata is running with a crit build, which is upgrading your crit chance and crit damage mods on it. Make sure you're always using the correct elemental mods for certain factions. For example, ice + electric for MAGNETIC damage is amazing against Corpus, but crap against the Grineer.
For a secondary weapon, I recommend striving to get the Akvasto. It is two Vasto pistols that hit very hard, and mostly slash damage (great against infested and enemies with no armor/shields). It's not cheap to make, and will cost many resources, so focus on this after making a Grakata.
For melee, I haven't quite found a great weapon yet. I've been using Galatine, which is supposedly one of the best, but I don't like it due to it mainly being so great for it's charge damage. I prefer quick attacking repeatedly, so I'm gonna craft and try out Dual Heat Swords once I max it.	
Phobos eh? If memeory serves that cluster is home to the Arid Grineer, yes? I have completed at least 5 missions there, but the limitations of Ecalibur haulted my progress.
I intend to return to the planet with Rhino as he grants the ability to negate damage with the power of Iron Skin. Iron Skin only requires 50 Energy units so it can be utilized rather frequently. For this reason, Rhino outclasses Excalibur in close combat scenarios. I equip the Hek shotgun (increased with pure damage mods) coupled with the Wraith Twin Vipers (tailored for Status probability) and Jaw Sword (designed for fast, strong atttacks) and it demolishes Corpus or Grineer (moreso Grineer).
However, if you still enjoy Excalibur then I have no place for telling you what to do. He certainly assisted my general knowledge of how the game functions, but became obsolete against enemies of the 15-20 level range. I did not invest into Radial Blind as much as I did Radial Javelin or Slash Dash. Come to think of it, I was not completely aware of the attributes my weapons had and how to advance them in the most productive fashion possible, so I may have ignored some details into Excalibur's makeup.	
Maxed out Radial Blind with maxed Stretch mod + max Constitution is an extremely powerful CC with about 50 meters of stun range. This ability has saved my team from mission failure on numerous occasions.
Honestly, Excalibur can be painful to play in missions where the enemies are spread out, such as extermination and rescue missions. He strongly excels in mobile defense, defense, and survival, as he can Slash Dash his way though dozens of enemies and use Radial Blind to CC an entire room. My Excalibur has been forma'd twice and has been supercharged. I am constantly leveling up new weapons, yet still manage to get the highest to second highest damage % in my party (there's no way I'm out-damaging a Nova, unless he's lazy). I used to die a LOT, but now that I have a maxed out Rejuvenation Aura, I very seldom go down.
Thanks to high playtime friends I got my Lato ranked to 30 and I got/farmed what's needed for a Vasto
Tested Grakata ... I'm more mitigated on this one. I can see the potential with elemental mods + crit mods, but I only have the later, and having to shoot 90bullets at a foes to kill him is infuriating. I blame low mod availability
I think a support or elemental frame would fit my gameplay better, with a Paris. But I don't have any mod for bows, so ...
As a good guy that don't want to use overly glitched weapons, I'll quit using the MTAR and switch to the ACWR until it's fixed	
Although if that was the case they'd use up so much of the world's awesome that there'd be none left for the rest of us!
Crafted myself a Paris, good weapon but still struggle to use it efficiently, not much ranks nand usefull mods. Would need a catalyst.
So I started playing Warframe again earlier this week and it's a lot more fun than I remember. I have max rank on all of the starting gear and dual Heat Swords. I'm up to Uranus on the Jupiter side and haven't done anything on the other side of the planetary unlock tree. I've been doing a lot of grinding for credits to finance more crafting, I've been making basically everything that I can because...reasons.	
Making everything is pretty much the idea. There are good weapons you keep and bad weapons you don't. All of them are worth mastery xp though and so getting an item to 30 (warframes included) gives you progression towards being able to unlock other weapons. Important milestones for mastery rank are 5, 8, and 12 to unlock Tonkor, Syndicate secondary weapons, and Syndicate primary weapons respectively.	
I've been using the Strun (the first shotgun) and I seem to be doing fairly well with it, though I've gotten the impression that people don't like shotties. I'm having more trouble finding a pistol that I like, though I've enjoyed the Magnus thus far.
My only warframe so far is Excalibur though I just started Rhino. I'm hoping to get through Uranus so I can get to Eris and do the quest to unlock Atlas because I want golembros.
I really want to get my hands on some auras but from what I've heard they're only available from Alerts and even then stupidly rarely.
The Strun is awful, but that doesn't make all shotguns bad, in fact two of them are some of the best weapons in the game. Hek, Vaykor Hek, and Sancti Tigris are some of the highest possible damage per-shot weapons you can get. A single Tigris shot can deal over 60,000 damage, and holds the record as the most damaging weapon in the game. There are a lot of good pistols, but you likely won't have access to them yet. The Marelok is a very good revolver style pistol and would be the easiest one for you to get currently, Lex Prime is also very good.
Excalibur is one of the most versatile frames in the game, and the best starting frame you can choose. He can deal unholy amounts of damage with Exalted Blade when properly modded. Excal is my most used frame, an my EB slashes deal about 19-26k damage, sometimes as high as 56k.
Aura mods are important because like stance mods they increase your mod capacity. Look out for Steel Charge, Energy Siphon, and Corrosive Projection alerts, those are the three most useful. Rejuvenation is also good to look out for.
You're probably not going to get Atlas for a good while. He has an entire quest line tied to him, and requires a fairly high level Archwing to beat the boss that drops his parts. Even I haven't finished the Jordas Precept yet, I just bought Atlas with platinum.	
I haven't even BUILT an Archwing yet. That's been the holdup on Uranus. Getting Atlas is going to be my general dumb goal for now though, because I do better with such nonsense. I really do like Excalibur, I didn't at first but I warmed up to the frame after a while. Looking at the wiki, I didn't realize that it gets your melee mods, that's kinda insane.
I actually like the Strun. The reload is balls but the damage on it has been a lot better than the other weapons I've been using--then again, my mod pool for rifles is absolute balls so that might be part of it. I'm planning to build a Hek once I hit 4 (which should only take another hour or two of play).	
Now you've had a taste, what are you going to do for the next two weeks until BF4? (Oct 16th 2013, 1:35am)

books.google.ca - Many of Canada’s superb national parks owe their existence to James Bernard Harkin (1875–1955), the first commissioner of Canada’s new Dominion Parks Branch in 1911. Ted Hart follows Harkin’s career from his apprenticeship in the Department of the Interior to his retirement in 1936, and presents...https://books.google.ca/books/about/J_B_Harkin.html?id=MCGoAgAAQBAJ&utm_source=gb-gplus-shareJ.B. Harkin
I had this book when I was a kid. With it I was able to learn the 'secret' to solving the Rubik's Cube puzzle in less than 2 minutes. I would recommend this book to everyone.
0 Reviewshttps://books.google.com/books/about/Implementing_Diarrheal_Disease_Control_P.html?id=5-FFAAAAYAAJ
activities antidiarrheal areas assessment authorized stock level breastfeeding Cameroon campaign CAREC CDD training child survival cholera Ciclope clinical collaboration commercial sector communication companies control of diarrheal coordination country programs country representative course curriculum diar diarrhea case management diarrhea management diarrhea training unit diarrheal disease control distribution donors drugs educational materials efforts evaluation flyer funds gram Guyana health centers health education health facility survey health workers implementation improved Indonesia Information Center Mauritania ment messages Ministry of Health modules monitoring Mulago Hospital national CDD program needs nurses oral rehydration salts oral rehydration therapy ORANA packets participants percent personnel pharmaceutical popular theater practices primary health private sector problems PROCOSI production promotion provincial PRTTECH Project public health PVOs role rural schools skills staff strategy supervisory supply technical assistance tion trainers treatment UNICEF USAID workshop World Health Organization Zambia
Karen White was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. She attended college at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, where she obtained a Bachelor of Science in Management. Her first book, In the Shadow of the Moon was a double finalist for the Romance Writers of America RITA Award. The Girl on Legare Street hit The New York Times Best Seller list in November 2009, and On Folly Beach in May 2010, which was also a NYT bestseller. Most of White's novels are based in the low-country of the southeastern United States. Some of her other titles include: The House on Tradd Street, The Lost Hours and The Memory of Water. Her title Sea Change made the New York Times Best Seller List for 2012. Her title The Time Between made the New York Times Best Seller List for 2013.
Contributors Primary Health Care Technology Project, United States. Agency for International Development
books.google.com - Going beyond the limits of biography, this text covers the origins, spiritual context and teachings of the great founder of the Whirling Dervishes, but also includes a study of Rumi scholarship throughout the ages, bringing this volume right up to date....https://books.google.com/books/about/Rumi.html?id=EepjAAAAMAAJ&utm_source=gb-gplus-shareRumi
Going beyond the limits of biography, this text covers the origins, spiritual context and teachings of the great founder of the Whirling Dervishes, but also includes a study of Rumi scholarship throughout the ages, bringing this volume right up to date.
Jal l al-Din Rumi, the 13th-century Persian Muslim scholar and Sufi mystic, has been a best-selling poet in America in recent years. While his name is commonly associated with images of Whirling ... Read full review
Franklin Lewis is Assistant Professor in the Department of Middle Eastern Studies at Emory University in Atlanta.

What really put our eggs in our pockets The same inside the movie.So I know that I m going to survive I still have a chance to live I do not have to be swallowed in this swamp, and finally become mud. You face shouting.I smoked cigarettes Do you know the weight of smoke topical male enhancement You laugh I let the young man take a balance I came here This does not topical male enhancement mean the actual weight is the weight of this. The seriousness of the consequences is not so simple demonstration of fighting class, who what is the best male enhancement knows that topical male enhancement bird can figure out what way to clean up me I m sure there s still no place to complain Of course you can not raise your topical male enhancement hand top rated male enhancement pills yet Small Zhuang dignified army special forces soldiers can raise their hands to order male enhancement pills surrender My left hand is still filled with bags of apples, but right hand has pulled out of the pistol in a very fast topical male enhancement rate 92 pistol while the topical male enhancement thumb open hammer bells is a male performance pills that work series of rapid fire Special Forces training is to be fast quasi ruthless We are about two meters away from such a distance if the live ammunition, let alone four of them is six I also in a very short period of time turned upside down. This essence can not be changed.I stood there mouth, my neck after the hair cool ah Really cool ah I can not believe it, but it is true. I sat do http://www.realdealview.com not know what to say, and finally said one sentence topical male enhancement is How do you know my phone This is really a problem, because in the middle I move a lot of phone calls for several cell phone change. Finally invisible.At this time the sky began to rain, wipers wiggle swing.None of us speak.She knew what emotions were flowing in my heart. Therefore, love is love, is a tragedy.You cry and laugh, the final result is this. After returning to training for a month, I can participate in the normal military exercises. The war was in fact already subsided and the two sides signed the agreement they can not be easily torn off and involve the international Reputation, ah, politicians consider things like me So I am not very worried about her safety. I do not pursue the gorgeousness of language, nor pursue the perfection of structure.
Today, he is specially invited to guide and topical male enhancement guide him.The second is a strange woman named Tuoba curious woman, who called the eldest brother Cuoba brother Mayu, although sixty out of the ordinary and refused to accept the old, modern women s fashion women where to get male enhancement pills specializing in the makeup of the new trend, clothing, action, avant garde language, so rare and more strange The numerous Ma Friends tongue. She was still confused at first glance, and finally, she uttered a innocence, my uncle s team can do, you see okay Her heart knocked burglar uneasy, regretted his talkative or fearful. She cried without a word, only topical male enhancement to wear a back, you go, wedding, this is not a funeral, dress, into a shroud, north, you life is so hard Oh. These words did not reach the topical male enhancement show ear, Hideo deep heart ninety nine, no topical male enhancement one guessed it, Jia Cheng is even more confused on the inside. She could not say a word for a moment, looking at her herbal male enhancement products uncle.Elderly inventory face to mention topical male enhancement pocket, and sure enough topical male enhancement to take out a heavy red envelopes, which you take away, I accept the other. Celebration of the seventieth anniversary, who do all the official knowledge of the famous graduates posted photos, before the liberation of Ruijuan Daddy, after liberation, I recognize the topical male enhancement name of the Chief Engineer Construction Committee, a reckoned and You are a term. Wan did not expect, on this moment, the home out of the epic disorder.In short, claw fat ancestors spell the last strength, died in the mahjong table Mahjong inside and outside the chaos mess noisy, people with a few broken chairs, broken stool pieced together, so that Gray uncle straight on top, turned a deaf ear to the outside noise. The more slippery, the more steep slope, the body involuntarily tumbled, pebbles also sexual enhancement for male driven straight down, forming topical male enhancement a dry earth and stone, bouncing on him. The facts will prove his prediction.really as he expected.Xiao Qin chose the topical male enhancement edge of a downtown urban residence stay with fake ID card, recharge your batteries, no words that night. Godmother and Zhen Long also live with her in a world.A month later, ghostly mother falling to the male enhancement pills before and after pictures table Uncle shop, Xiao Qin received her home for a period of time to relax, at least three days. She stumbled and fell asleep, drowsily made a lot of many semi dreams, those dreams, there is no wonderful and illusory color created by Yang Zhigang, those dreams are always fragmented, messy, but also as Yang Zhigang This old house. Xiao Qin said that how this line Really, I male enhancement cream at walmart topical male enhancement do not deserve.Do dry daughter, what is unworthy, not so much stress. Shortly after, the painter Yang Zhigang appeared like a grim hero on film and television, topical male enhancement the last one to appear, with an extremely dirty and ugly clip on his shoulders, except for the towering nose Deputy big sunglasses. However, in front of her, did not show the superiority of the political star, there is no dignitaries, and she never only as a machine to vent, even as a machine, he also special respect for the machine, cares about the machine s eyes, Emotions, and strive to achieve emotional exchanges with the machine, just as the same as participating in a win win situation of WDO.


I’ll be participating in the THE 6th ANNUAL EVA’S HEROES CELEBRITY CASINO NIGHT. I will be showing 15 of my paintings during the event and they will be up for sale and part of the proceeds will be going to Eva’s Heroes an organization dedicated to enriching the lives of those with intellectual special needs. Based in San Antonio, the organization helps teens and young adults between 14 and 21 years of age, who have intellectual special needs, integrate and flourish in society.

Are you curious about the best ways to utilize Culinary Agents from the business side of things? Here are some best practices to keep in mind while creating a business profile and posting up opportunities. 1 Include a logo and "about" information in your business page Talent nationwide will...

A full day of snow in New York was enchanting enough, like an invitation to silence the tricks of the mind with a white curtain over the pupils. For the opening of an art brut exhibition, American and contemporary, it was a good omen. I’m not reviewing the exhibition. This is a story of friendship, hope and despair bringing up, despite sixty years of distance and different countries, the same wish for freedom and authenticity in art expressed by The Company of Raw Art in Paris in 1947. Ideas and projects came from Jean Dubuffet, Jean Paulhan, Charles Ratton, Henri-Pierre Roché, and Michel Tapié:
“We are seeking artistic works such as paintings, drawings, statues and statuettes, all types of objects owing nothing to the imitation of works of art seen in museums, salons and galleries. They should put originality to use, along with the most spontaneous and personal inventions, they should be productions which the creator drew from deep within, the result of his [her] own inclination and moods, […] regardless of the conventions currently in use. Works without masks or contraints. We believe these abilities exist (at least at times) in every man [and woman].”
Bianca Sforni, Annatina Miescher, and Jonathan McVey, others around them, are first of all connected by friendship. And one idea lives in their minds: there is no such thing as outsider art. There are artists. Some of them were treasure islands found over decades of psychiatric practice by Dr. Annatina Miescher: they were self taught, sometimes in a strong conflict with life. In 2011, after twenty years as a director of the Outpatient Chemical Dependency Program of the Bellevue Hospital in New York, Dr. Miescher invited them to be part of the 137ac (artist collective) and share a studio. Some of their works were hung on the walls of Bianca Sforni’s Noho studio on March 5th for an exhibition blessed by the snow. Bianca, or you could call her White, is a belated gift I received from Claudia, a friend for all her life, after she passed away. She was Bianca’s gallerist in Milan. I met Bianca in New York and we ate and ate remembering Claudia who used to love a great deal of good food. What’s stronger than friendship?
Here’s the story, written by Annatina doctor, with images of the 137ac studio first and of her Bellevue Hospital office between words.
The 429.8 square feet studio is on the third floor of 137 West 14th Street in New York City. Four artist work there sharing all supplies. Kenny Guttierrez, the landlord, offered them a space in the building where he is creating a community he named Rat Park. He thought they would bring good karma. My parents pay the rent. I clean and help stretch canvas. Jonathan McVey made me stick to my dream and became my associate. We created a non-profit building support for the collective. We have no written contract with the painters, they have it clear: the studio air is tolerance, care and respect while they inspire and challenge each other to explore and develop their talent to the fullest. They have their own keys.
The four artists currently working at the studio are Paula Isaac, Janet Laing, Richard Lau and Uman while the collective counts several more. Painting need or desire and life circumstances do not always go hand in hand and the studio is small. Each artist has an extraordinary life course and could write a tremendous book, but they do not write, they paint. I hope you get to know them.
Now the dream. Mid 2010 I ended my over two decades career in Bellevue Hospital in order to continue practicing psychiatry based on my experience and ethical values outside of an institution in which the bureaucratic constraints had suddenly risen above the patient care. My time at Bellevue had been wonderful, I was the director of the Outpatient Chemical Dependency Program and together with the dedicated staff and patients was able to build a wholesome community for people to practice sober life in a fun loving oasis that included art, food, patient government and economy, pets and gardening integrated with first class medical and psychiatric treatments. My office was an art collection of patient works mixed with found objects and found animals. A timber wolf, a one eyed black cat called Six Toes, a pigeon, a pair of gay doves and three cockatiels roamed free in my office. Art has always been a way of life for me and I apply it to everything. “Practicing psychiatry is like making sculptures with found objects, you take inventory of what the person carries and help them balance it to walk on in life.” One day an Art Brut authority visited my office and was impressed by the art. His words still resonate in my heart: “you have to make them paint”, while his name faded.
So I had a dream debt: to see what the talented people I had met there could do if given the opportunity. This opportunity arrived in December 2011. I was introduced to Bjarne Melgaard who was looking for a source of painters to collaborate with. He offered to share his personal studio in Bushwick with painters without formal art education or contact with the contemporary art world. I brought eleven artists and became myself part of the group.
Bjarne was an exceptional host, he made it a point to not interfere with our work and gave us unlimited access to art supplies. We understood he was looking for authenticity. Then he offered us his own painted canvas to collaborate on and asked us to do papier mâché pieces to illustrate a book we did not read.
He included our works in his show at Ramiken Crucible, Ideal Pole part two: all words destroy and brought the collaborative works and all the papier mâché works to London in September 2012, to be in his ICA show, called “a House to Die in”, our group was called the Bellevue Survivors. Our time in Melgaard’s studio came to an end.
“these people make art not as a career choice but because they needed it for survival. Their way of relating to the images and the pictures was so different from my own. It was so direct and so private and so spontaneous, all at the same time.”
We continued the group in a smaller version and adopted the name 137ac. the Bellevue Survivors name inspired people in the press to be at liberty to refer to us neither as people nor artists but “the schizophrenics”. Melgaard continued to donate supplies, and curated our first 137ac show :”Dans ma Chambre” in a pop up space in the Chelsea art Gallery district in May 2013. While we learned how to work as a collective we had another show “Artists in Resonance” at Adjacent to Life (http://adjacenttolife.tumblr.com) curated by Mark Roth in October 2013 and offered a couple of studio art fairs.
Then Bianca Sforni offered to host and curate a show “Art Brut” in her beautiful Bleecker Street Studio in March 2015. She had followed the collective since its beginnings in Melgaard’s studio. Her professionalism, dedication and care challenged us to realize we have a responsibility to take our place in the contemporary art scene.
By Rosanna Albertini — For someone like me who has never been able to remember father’s and mother’s day of birth, not to mention other birthdays, March 28 is a landmark, the only date cut into my brain. The two persons born that day never met; I’m the thread between them, although my attachment to each of them is free from biological specifications. I’m convinced we are “destiny’s grandchildren, stepchildren of God, who married Eternal Night, when she was widowed of Chaos, who engendered us.” (thank you Fernando, the great Pessoa).
So I love them both without conditions, because they are in me as permanent as my own body. They are the magnetic needle of my life. Chance has given them a similar beginning: Oreste was “il piturel,” the child painter helping master Cesare Maroni to restore walls and columns of the major church of my Lombard village. Niches and columns only looked like marble, because the hand painting was accurate, it convinced them they had embodied the spirit of marble. As a child, I never doubted they were marble. Barbara instead worked in Rome; the church was Saint Peter. Having been trained as a professional restorer in Florence, she could be part of the team that brought back to splendor the outside porch at the entrance of Saint Peter. But, it was the same task.
Besano, 1900. Oreste Albertini, (the first on the left) in front of the church with master Cesare Maroni.
Now Barbara lives in Caprona, a Tuscan village near Pisa. I don’t know exactly if it’s Italy or Granducato di Toscana, Italian politics are rather obscure in these days. She was born in Venice, another quite independent republic trying to live on it’s past glories. She started painting on her own not long ago, in 2014.
Grandfather Oreste was an outdoor painter: strong shoes and the easel on his shoulders he spent decades looking for the colors of depth and the spirit of landscapes, especially in the Dolomites. The three paintings I publish here were made in the decade between 1930 and 1940. They are images from his son Alberto’s photographic archive. The Antermoia lake, night and daily view, and Passo Rolle. Alberto remembers the family was still in Passo Rolle, in September 1939, when the news arrived that the Nazy army had invaded Pollland. On top of the mountains, among cows and rocks, history was at hand through the radio, or reported by visitors; never too far, it was normally shared by the family and I’m quite sure part of it ended into the brush strokes.

Mrs. Tourism United Nations World 15 & 16, Ebele Enemchukwu shares lovely photos of her time in Accra, Ghana where she was invited to the 4th Accra Weizo to serve as Moderator on the “Tourism, Travel and Internet” panel.
Topics for discussion were “How effective are tourism bloggers, writers and influencers in promoting travel destinations in West Africa” as well as “Does the future of travel in West Africa lie online?”

Lorraine works as a freelance tutor in London and Kent, specialising in drum kit and percussion. She works with children from the age of five, to adults. Lessons are on a one to one basis and can be tailored to suit individual needs.
Preparing for graded exams (Rockschool, Trinity Rock and Pop, Trinity College London and ABRSM all covered)
Lorraine is proud to run the community group project “Percussion School” at Chatham and Clarendon Grammar School in Ramsgate.
Play on £30,000 worth of lottery funded percussion instruments, including marimba, xylophone, tubular bells, congas, drum kit and many more


The absorption diagrams in this publication show the practical sound absorption coefficient, αp in accordance with the international standard EN ISO 11654. The same standard defines the sound absorption single value, αw, and the sound absorption classes, which are provided for the products in this publication.
The absorption classes are designated A-E, where absorption class A has the highest sound absorption. A specified overall dept of system (o.d.s) must always be stated for a given absorption class.
The ASTM standard C 423 specifies two different single values, the NRC (Noise Reduction Coefficient) and the SAA (Sound Absorption Average). Both values are calculated as an average over the frequency ranges (250-2000 Hz and 200-2500 Hz respectively).
All types of sound absorption values and curves must be accompanied by a figure which gives the overall depth of mounting (o.d.s.). Sound absorption figures without corresponding o.d.s. are inconclusive and cannot be used for comparison.
NOTE The stated absorption coefficients as well as the fire properties will deteriorate in the case of repainting.
Saint-Gobain Ecophon develops, manufactures and markets acoustic products and systems that contribute to a good working environment by enhancing peoples’ wellbeing and performance. Our promise »A sound effect on people« is the core backbone of everything we do.
Ecophon has business units in 14 countries, delegations in another 30 countries worldwide, and approximately 750 employees. The head office is located in Hyllinge, just outside Helsingborg, Sweden. Ecophon is part of the global Saint-Gobain Group
Waste is all around us. Waste is created through natural resources, products manufactured and man-made waste. Each home, including yours, generates a great deal of waste. Waste can be toxic or environmentally friendly.
Toxic waste cannot dispose of without following special handling methods for its disposal. It costs you money to produce waste and to dispose of it. You can help to improve the home you live by living smartly. You can reduce the waste you throw away. You cannot avoid producing waste in your lifestyle. Having a plan to reduce waste and recycle products from home can offer good benefits at the end of the day.
It is critical to follow a plan. What you don’t know is that waste is merely items that need to discard. You need to consider the size of the products you need to recycle. Imagine recycling a ship? That’s quite a challenge. Around the world, there are conventional methods for waste management. They include composting, landfill and recycling.
You can create toys like race cars or trucks, easily from cereal or milk boxes. Cut holes on some ends and place a stick in it. On the ends of the stick, use plastic bottle tops to create the wheels. Tie the end with a string to allow your child to move around with it.
After use, clean them thoroughly. If possible just disinfect. Use them to store buttons, keys, coins, needles or spices. The choice is up to you.
Dig a hole in your backyard and fill it up with food waste. Cover with soil. Allow it to compost. Once ready can be used as manure. Make sure you check on it regularly to confirm that the composting process is occurring. Make sure that wild animals are not attracted to it.
There are many ways you can use plastic bottles in your home. They can be used to store water, trap excess water from a cistern and plant flowers.
There are numerous ways you can use plastic bags in your home. You can place them in your plastic bin, utilize them to store seeds or cover leaking spots in your home.
They can be used to design beautiful home-made jewelry. You can even donate them to craftsmen who can create artisan jewelry like earrings or chains. You can also reduce waste by simply buying long-lasting and durable products. Have fun while you reduce the waste in your house and recycle products from home.
Thanks for dropping into my new website where I will be posting international information as it pertains to insurance and ecology forums. Global minds will be coming together to discuss what really matters in the business of insurance and the eco system. Please come back again very soon.

The article announces the retirement of Jerry McKinley as chairman of the Oklahoma Boll Weevil Eradication Organization (OBWEO).
The article discusses the 12th annual Madison Antiques Show and Sale held from February 21 to 23, 2013 in Madison, Georgia, which featured 18 dealers including Jerry McKinley, Mark Gaines, and Alice Rickstrew.
Stresses the importance of careful retirement planning, particularly for those of the Baby Boomer generation. Changing image of the traditional employer-sponsored retirement plan combined with Social Security; Shifts toward employee contribution plans and self-reliance; Calculating future...
Surveys several common early retirement plans. Why they have become increasingly popular among companies; Points to consider if offered early retirement; Pros and cons of early retirement; Life after retirement.
Focuses on the changes in retirement practices and policies in the United States from the 1930s to the 1980s. Enactment of the Old Age and Survivors Insurance Act into law in 1935; Increase in the development of private pension plans in the 1940s.
Americans save more, but still below retirement goals. // Christian Science Monitor;12/17/96, Vol. 89 Issue 16, p8
Reports that the Workplace Pulse Survey found that although a growing number of Americans are saving more for retirement, many still are not setting aside enough to meet the income they expect after they quit work. Average annual retirement savings; Percentage of persons who are not setting...
Offers tips for employers on how to design employee retirement programs. Alternative vehicles for financing benefits; Factors that influence a company's decision; Factors that influence plan design in the United States.
Examines the relationship between educators' willingness to engage in post retirement employment in education and factors which influence post retirement employment decisions. The sample population; Establishment of significant relationships; Interest in alternative work schedules; Suggestions...
Opinion. Summarizes the author's experiences after he retired at age 48, and some of the financial problems he has faced.
Recounts the author's true-life retirement experience. Relocating from Massachusetts to South Carolina; Joined by her 91 year old mother; Revisits and return by her mother; A major outing and other daily activities; Visiting other elders; Advice from mother; Planting onions and keeping a jigsaw...
The Holy Spirit is not strange, weird or mystical. He is the third part of the Trinity. He is a gentleman, statesman and a loving God that lifts up Christ the only begotten son of God. He is not a female presence, an it, a thing, a midst, a feeling or some orphic force.
Throughout your ministry you will be faced with many odd, even strange things that will require much spiritual discernment. Spiritual discernment will come from the Holy Spirit and be verified by many Scriptures throughout the written Word of God. History has introduced many divagating prophets with strange manifestations. Your advantage is four thousand years of * written* biblical history to use as your guide for accuracy from Adam to Christ. One corner stone for staying biblical is using that written history as your foundation for measuring truth. When strange things happen look to the Word for biblical examples. If you can’t find any then something is terribly wrong.
Experiences, even vivid, powerful, and supernatural ones are not measurements for truth. In my generation some have gold dust, feathers, gems, and people barking and roaring like lions in their meetings. A search through the Scriptures gives no evidence that the Holy Spirit used any of these things to confirm Christ’s Word. Others say female angels are healing people. There is no evidence of the existence of female angels in the Word. These are only a few examples of strange fire. Someone may tell you that the things of the Spirit can’t be understood by the natural man. That’s not true at all because the Holy Spirit can be understood. He never violates the written Word. The things of the Spirit are understood by the logos, the Bible (Hebrews 4:12). The Holy Spirit is not strange, weird or mystical. He is the third part of the Trinity. He is a gentleman, statesman and a loving God that lifts up Christ the only begotten son of God. He is not a female presence, an it, a thing, a midst, a feeling or some orphic force.
In my generation Jezebel and Baalim prophets are the prevailing enemies of true prophetic ministry. In the last twenty years these spirits have become sophisticated, built their own network of churches, followers, training schools, written many books and produced many training videos. These spirits intend to hijack the prophetic ministry and hold themselves out to be the experts in the field. They condemn any criticism by outsiders as irrelevant, unloving, ignorant and judgmental. Hopefully by the time you read this material their folly will be known to all and your generation will escape their deceptions. More than likely things are much worse. If so, you will find them as your strongest opponents.
Both these prophetic groups and others you will encounter have all types of strange signs and wonders in their meetings. Just remember not all wonders, no matter how mystical and exciting are from the Holy Ghost (1 John 4:1). Even legitimate miracles in meetings do not confirm these ministers are flowing right. Scripture says, “Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? And in thy name have cast out devils? And in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess to them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity” (Matthew 7:22-23).
One particular trait among them is the love of money that finances extravagant lifestyles. Those that embrace these spirits are merchandisers. A merchandiser sells prophecies, healings, religious oils, potions and various products that reinforce their beliefs. Typically they work within their own networks focusing on getting as much money from people as possible. They have all kinds of gimmick offerings that manipulate people. They are always recruiting followers to join their groups. I have seen them work every kind of evil when it comes to stealing from God’s people.
One young man met with me that hooked up with one of these merchandising networks. He gave me his ordination papers from the various ministers within the network and renounced his involvement. He said the purpose of their many conferences is to raise money, not to advance the ministry of Christ. After services they divide the offerings among themselves. He shocked me when he said the amount of money one raises confirms the level of their prophetic anointing. For several hours he spoke of many individuals, some well known and others obscure, gave their names and explained numerous evil strategies for meetings across our nation. They even merchandise one another. They look for young naïve upstarts to turn into devils like themselves. There is every sort of evil working behind the scenes among these people. These are “professional prophets” that watch videos and listen to audios to learn the sayings and particular mannerisms of true ministers of the Gospel and from their own they think are effective deceivers (Jeremiah 23:30). Avoid them and don’t do any meetings with them or for them and don’t attend them. Beware their accolades, flatteries and smiles toward you. At first they will flatter you. If that works then they will merchandise you. If that doesn’t work they will blackball you. Just remember, if you can be flattered, you can be bought. Christ’s servants are not prostitutes.
A spirit of rejection may attack you if these leaders shun you. If you feel that way just think of it like this, rejection is protection. You don’t need anybodies approval (except) Christ’s. God’s servants can’t be bought at any price! Don’t try to learn anything from them. You are not a psychic, mystic, spiritist or soothsayer. You are a minister of Christ. You have a responsibility to use your gift as a faithful steward to serve the body of Christ. The purpose of the anointing is to establish and advance the Kingdom of God, give witness to the love of God and confirm to the world the resurrection of Christ our Savior. You will also be called to turn the heart of people toward God, walk in holiness, confront sin and build the Church of Christ. Avoid fame, accolades from men and vain glory, and mind your motives in all things (Proverbs 4:23)...
Creating Freebies For Profit - Where Do You Find Them? When it comes to creating freebies to giveaway there are many different options. So, let's take a quick look at them now. Create Your Own Freebies One of the ways you can come up with a freebie is by creating it … [Read more...]

3.Professional circuit design and long lifespan: Each group of LEDs work separately, it can avoid the accident that a single bad light affects the overall light,which will definitely extend the lifespan.
5.Do not hesitate to get in touch us if you have any dissatisfation about the quality or installation.It rewarded almost 100% positive customer review and we provide 12 months warranty.

This was a fantastic tour experience of a must-see landmark in Chile. Our tour guides, Gabriel and Hector, delivered a high quality experience that was educational, convenient and fun! Based on our observations in the area, this tour seems like the best bang for your buck, between direct drop-off at the sites (no walking required) and a delicious spread of cheeses, wine and savory snacks once in the valley. Overall would highly recommend this tour!
The best part of the tour was not getting to Cajon del Maipo itself, but getting to meet our guide, Francisco. His love for Chile, adventure, and travel is palpable right from the beginning. Right when you get into his van in Santiago, he tells you interesting stories and facts about the city. He seems to know absolutely everything about Santiago and the Andes. He is excited when he tells you his stories and is just happy you're there to listen. You feel safe in his van, even though the rocky mountain roads and takes you farther than into the mountains than any other tour group. We went on a day with beautiful weather to Cajon Del Maipo where the sun shone brightly, the winds were calm, and there was not a hint of cloudy skies. The lake was turquoise green and quite the sight to see. I recommend climbing a big rock along the shore away from the crowds and simply enjoy the scenery and the blessing it is to be in a place so beautiful. After an hour or so of self-exploring, Francisco prepared a beautiful picnic for us with red wine, cheese, and snacks. I realized that even though Cajon del Maipo is a sight to behold, the true gift is getting to know the soul of Chile. Francisco embodies that. There is so much excitement and love in this human being that it's contagious. By the end of the trip, you'll also be in love with Chile and Santiago and wish you could stay forever.
Vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvery good day. Excellent guide
Hector and Francisco narrated and navigated some very tough stretches of road with ease. The entire day was breathtaking from start to finish and Francisco's charming personality managed to keep the entire day lull-free!
We had a great day out to Cajon Del Maipo. Our guide Francisco was excellent. He was very informative and friendly throughout the trip. The only advice I have is to wrap up warm as the walk up to the reservoir is a bit chilly in the morning but so worth it for the amazing view once you are up there. We stopped on the way at the ‘last house in Chile’ to sample some great empanadas!
Gabriel was phenomenal and the tour shows you a different side to Chile. I highly recommend this tour. The thought and details that go into each stop were amazing.
Lovely trip, well worth it. Gabriel was an excellent host and guide and made it really worth our while. I would strongly recommend this trip.
The fact that we left early ensured that we avoided the midday crowds and we experienced the magical colours in the water which disappear as the wind picks up speed. A very important consideration.
By far the best experience I had while visiting Chile. This really made the entire trip worth it. It's beautiful and its amazing and something everyone should witness while visiting Chile. I met some great people on this trip from different parts of the world, you enjoy a bus ride, a short hike and some delicious wine and appetizers while enjoying the view of Cajon del Maipo. Would highly recommend this to anyone.
My best decision to join this trip! It made my experience in Santiago even more worthwhile. Gabriel is very funny and he is a very knowledgeable guide. He took us to the best spots of the canyon and we had a very nice picnic next to the lake. He is also an excellent photographer!! Highly recommend!

How many parents throughout the generations have heard their child cry this desperate song? It is a whine as old as time and one that parents have wisely dismissed.
But then the smartphone was released. Around 2012, the age of ownership began a steady decline from eighteen to ten years old. Parents everywhere were deceived to believe a smartphone was all a child needed to be happy.
And if we can be completely honest, we didn’t just fall into deception – we completely failed as parents.
In our defense, we failed because we didn’t know. The technology of smartphones was so revolutionary, so appealing, and at that point, so undefiled. In a blink it seemed we went from paying $0.30/text to unlimited iMessages; from MySpace on the computer to Facebook on the phone; from MMS to FaceTime and live broadcasting; from reading the newspaper to scrolling the news on social media; and from watching TV to subscribing to YouTube channels and binge watching on Netflix.
The tides of technology brought on a storm so spectacular, we allowed it to sweep us away in comfortable complacency.
During those hum-drum days of make-believe play with our children, mind-numbing cartoons watched for the 116th time, and lack of adult interaction and communication, our phones became our new tether to the outside world. Meanwhile, our kids observed and learned.
They saw how easily we filled our free time with a quick swipe here or tap there before returning the phone to its back pocket.
No one warned us about the addictive nature of notifications, the decreased productivity that constant internet access can lead to, or how social media would actually lead to anti-social behavior!
We didn’t think that what felt so good and surged happy emotions through our spirit would ultimately lead to unhappiness, depression, and anxiety.
And because we didn’t know, we capitulated when they asked, begged, pleaded, and cried, “If you loved me, you would want me to be happy and the only thing that will make me happy is an iPhone!”
We gave them smartphones at fourteen, twelve, and even eight years-old. Younger than this, we pacified them with iPads and iPod touches and for a short time we were all happy.
Nine hours of media every day, online constantly, decreased sleep, social media anxiety, social media stunts, social media fame, social media suicide challenges, cyber-bullying, stalking, predators, pedophiles, trafficking, sexting, pornography, antisocial behavior, depression, loneliness, suicides, and the perhaps the most shocking damage: unhappiness.
According to new research published by the American Psychological Association, increased screen-time in adolescents is linked with a marked decrease in psychological well-being. [source]
Since 2012, teens who reported more than two hours of screen-time daily (texting, internet, games, social media, video chat, or watching TV) had decreased levels of happiness, self-esteem, satisfaction with life (and friends), and the amount of fun they were having in comparison to their teenage peers who used two hours or less a day.
All the time spent and the apps they claim they can’t live without on their phones and they still aren’t happy? Wasn’t this the “one thing” that would make them happy? How could it have gone so wrong?
So…..must we take away their phones in order to remedy this collapse? The authors of the research candidly declare zero screen-time is not the answer either. There is a similar decrease in psychological well-being with zero screen-time among adolescents.
The answer is for parents to help their children limit daily screen-time. All while limiting our own, of course.
We can accomplish this through enforced limits and boundaries. Our children will rarely be able to limit themselves – we must be BRAVE and equip them with the tools to thrive.
Sure, they’ll protest, whine, and declare a much greater unhappiness at 2 hours than they ever felt at 10 hours. We might as well.
The greatest happiness is found at two hours or less so your love must look like smartphone limits and boundaries. Limit their data, delete distracting and obsessively overused apps, add time restrictions, limit it to certain hours of the day – whatever it takes to detox them, do it.
In the name of love and the pursuit of happiness: be brave, parents! You need these same limits and boundaries. Pew Research recently reported that 51 percent of teens feel their parents are just as distracted by their phones. [source] We can do better than this.
Grandparenting in the Digital Age: What Grandchildren Actually Need (hint: it's not your smartphone)

With a stay at Quality Inn, you'll be centrally located in Cedar Park, within a 10-minute drive of Cedar Park Center and Lakeline Mall. This motel is 3.9 mi (6.2 km) from Veteran's Memorial Park and 6.2 mi (10 km) from Cedar Rock Railroad.
Make yourself at home in one of the 58 air-conditioned rooms featuring refrigerators and LED televisions. Complimentary wired and wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming provides entertainment. Bathrooms have shower/tub combinations and hair dryers. Conveniences include desks and complimentary newspapers, as well as phones with free local calls.
Featured amenities include complimentary wired Internet access, a 24-hour business center, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Free self parking is available onsite.
Located in Agaete, Hotel & Spa Cordial Roca Negra is by the ocean, within a 10-minute drive of Agaete Valley and Agaete Ferry Dock. This 4-star hotel is 22.2 mi (35.7 km) from San Telmo Park and 0.9 mi (1.5 km) from Agaete Botanical Gardens.
Make yourself at home in one of the 86 air-conditioned rooms featuring LCD televisions. Rooms have private furnished balconies or patios. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and satellite programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms with bathtubs feature bidets and hair dryers.
Pamper yourself with a visit to the spa, which offers body treatments and facials. You're sure to appreciate the recreational amenities, including an outdoor pool and a fitness center. This hotel also features complimentary wireless Internet access and tour/ticket assistance.
At Hotel & Spa Cordial Roca Negra, enjoy a satisfying meal at the restaurant. Relax with your favorite drink at the bar/lounge or the poolside bar. A complimentary breakfast is included.
Featured amenities include a business center, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Planning an event in Agaete? This hotel has 775 square feet (72 square meters) of space consisting of conference space and a meeting room. Free self parking is available onsite.
Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on property policy. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit are required at check-in for incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed. To make arrangements for check-in please contact the property at least 48 hours before arrival using the information on the booking confirmation.
Up to 2 children 3 years old and younger stay free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding.
The property will be renovating from 01 July 2018 to 30 November 2018 (completion date subject to change). The following areas are affected:
Renovation work will only be conducted on weekdays. Every effort will be made to minimize noise and disturbance.

Official account for Oracle IT Infrastructure. Superior results today with cloud insurance for tomorrow. #ITInfrastructure #CloudReady
Simply deploying #blockchain won't do the trick anymore. Now, companies need to think about the kind of #ITInfrastructure and blockchain technology that they require to drive businesses value. Fortunately, @Oracle delivers: ora.cl/nU2G4 pic.twitter.com/3s8vPhu0mG
Join our 3rd Thursday Tech Talk and learn how Oracle Exadata SW version 19 improves every aspect of #Exadata with 20+ features and enhancements ora.cl/ZC6KT pic.twitter.com/Vf8AF1IOkC
Today is your last chance to register for our hands-on workshop in #Austin tomorrow! Attend and get best practices from our tech experts and Oracle customers. Register here: #Database ora.cl/UD5Cb pic.twitter.com/sXwmTjUYnz
"The big benefits we've seen with Exadata Cloud at Customer? Scalability and over a 100% ROI in our first 6 months." @sentrydata pic.twitter.com/sXo2Hhuxsx
Discover how #bigdata and #cybersecurity relate, so that your company can better determine what capabilities it must develop or acquire in order to take keep that data safe and take full advantage of it: #bigdata #cybersecurity via @CIOonline ora.cl/dP6aH pic.twitter.com/dI7AS22c61
Learn how #artificialintelligence is driving change across the business landscape and leveraging Oracle’s Cloud and #AI technology to deliver innovation to their clients. ora.cl/6Qi7Q
At #OracleCloudDay, tech experts from Oracle, peers, and the industry will show you how to use emerging tech to build smart machines and systems. Register for free at a city near you. ora.cl/Ii64e pic.twitter.com/EFzAZJ5nQG
As organisations struggle to keep pace with the rapidly evolving tech, here are 5 Trends that are emerging within #BigData #analytics that empower businesses to handle the volume and location aspects of #data: ora.cl/gp6ZC

Well, today was a different kind of day. Much of the day was spent preparing for what seems like an imminent strike by college faculty across the province. In an effort to cram as much as possible into us before this week is over, our teachers have fast tracked a couple of lessons to give us some basic skills with software like Final Draft. They’re also making as many resources available to us as possible through the system before they are unable to access the system as we’ll still be able to access it while the strike is happening. So we’ll be able to write the bulk of our assignments though we won’t be able to hand them in or get graded.
Today, we started our 7-10 page episode treatments, which are like, well nothing I’ve written is like them exactly. Perhaps somewhat like a short story only written in a specific way. Each paragraph is a scene and the goal is to write it in present tense with some dialogue snippets here and there. It’s like writing an expanded synopsis. It might be a screenwriter’s version of pseudocode. I think that’s a good way to think of it actually. Software developers do several documents before writing the actual application. There’s a Statement of Work (synopsis), a Requirements Document, Pseudocode (treatment), then the actual application which may have many versions (screenplay/script plus drafts). Oddly, I think the equivalent to a Requirements Document is the shooting script, which is made just before production happens and is often revised as needed on the fly. It’s like a dynamic project plan at the same time.
We also did a writing exercise to get the basics of Final Draft. Some of the templates seem wonky to me. The one stage play template comes filled with sample text and I have to delete that to use it. The TV templates don’t always seem to behave, but it’s probably just that it’s new to me. There are things I like about Final Draft and things I prefer in Scrivener. Technically I can export to Final Draft format from Scrivener. I might do that for my feature film since I already started writing it in the summer. I’ll play around with it and test it out.
I feel bad for my friends who are in programs that need constant teacher interaction. They won’t be able to continue working during the strike.
For us, it’s training us into the writer life if we aren’t already used to it. I suggested write-ins and such as I know a number of people in the writing community do their best work with others there pushing them to succeed.
It’s kind of unsettling to me how much of my future is unknown. I’m a planner by trade and I can’t plan a damn thing lately. I planned to get this diploma and get a job I enjoy more. What happens? Likely strike. I meet a great man. What happens? Scheduling issues plus the uncertainty of future career stuff. The only things I’m certain of are certain feelings I have.
I’ve been watching the Child’s Play series of films lately and they’re giving me ideas on scene order and other things for my feature film. So is actually reading the screenplay bible… Yeah, I know. I got behind on that one. Actually, I’m behind in most readings. That’s one of the things I can do while the strike is on too.

Rudi De Vos wrote: You can only use the included plugin, same plugin need to be used for the viewer.
Yep, possible it works with other but to simplify testing and avoid plugin trouble...you best test it first with the included plugin.
I'm a heavy user of UltraVNC. Does this versions solve previous issues, like display updates that stop, file transfer of folders, etc. (topic Still stops updating, depending on the apps at front...)
On the latest months I was using UltraVNC full, sfx with custom command line to act like SC, but the size is 4 times bigger.
1. right now I've seen that, when working with 2 SC sessions and start a second file transfer the first just stops and the second doesn't begin;
2. file transfers of folders doesn't work, it compresses, seems to do the transfer and at the end files doesn't exist;
The dll's need to be added to the sfx archieve , or for testing just copy then in the same folder as winvnc.exe. Else unzip doesn't exist and sc can't work with folders.
Very fast on windows 7 than the old version, screen update is very fast, and now i can see msoffice menu (the old verson not possible)
Which online creator should i use to compile it? There are at least 4 of them on this address http://www.uvnc.com/pchelpware/sc/creator.html
Here is my problem. My customers have several windows open that display live data updating in real time. I can only get one window to work at a time by clicking on it and then its alive then the other stops updating. I tried changing the update options in properties of the server but they do nothing and do not appear to be saved after I apply. This was the same situation with the 2009 sc update.
Posisble this take priority over the pollfullscreen or the options has been hardcoded in the little exe.
Listen, i like SC very much. I'm trying to use it successfully with Win7 or Vista 32/64 bit, as former releases (turbo with 2003 or xp) are so slow.
Have i to upload from UltraVncSC based on REL1.00 after i put into the zip file the winvnc.exe downloaded from SCII 1.0.0?
Could you suggest me some link where i could learn about settings to start with default "view only" and /or deny transfer file?
question: On this release, if they use windows 7 or vista and the user is not local administrator... ( user is a regular domain user) is he prompted to enter the administrator password to run the program?
Only as normal user, sc can't controle any applications that request elevation (uac). AS sson as a uac app is open, sc is view only.
ergys79 wrote: On this release, if they use windows 7 or vista and the user is not local administrator... ( user is a regular domain user) is he prompted to enter the administrator password to run the program?
I have found with 7zip self extracting exe, windows 7 always asks for escalation. this is one of the biggest pains with 7 IMHO ...
I need a suggestion. working on SC i see that with 64 bit, but not 32 bit Seven, sometimes UAC or Aero do not go down.
Does exist something like [DIS_UAC] for Aero (even if it should be the default) with SC or some string more for winvnc.ini (or which is the one for Aero?).

0 Reviewshttps://books.google.com/books/about/Interpretations_of_Determinism_and_Indet.html?id=f3RCAAAAIAAJ

In order to make sure your garden looks beautiful and fresh you need to take proper care for it. While, there are many ways by which a garden can be maintained, but, one of the most important is using impact sprinkler. However, before buying impact sprinkler you must know certain things about it, so that it becomes easy for you to purchase the best product.
It is a type of sprinkler which rotates 360 degrees. Its rotation is due to the pressure of water. Its circular motion helps in coverage more area.
Cover more area- the area covered by this sprinkler is more than other sprinklers. This is reason why people with lawns and gardens choose this sprinkler over others.
Saves water- the water used by impact sprinkler is minimal. It is because of their design. It used less water but covers more areas.
Automation- the new models of the sprinkler has the automatic function. You just have to enter the time and after the time limit is over the sprinkler will automatically switch off.
Healthier plants- one of the main benefit of this sprinkler is it provide the exact quantity of water needed by your plant, not more not less.
Prevent flooding- unlike other sprinkler it rotates and does not concentrate on a particular area. This helps in preventing flood and the area gets the necessary quantity of water only.
Coverage- first thing you should know is whether you want to place it inside a small or medium or big lawn. Make sure the water reaches the intended areas.
Durability – to provide the problem of buying again and again make sure you but the best one which have long life spam. The quality of the sprinklermust be your priority.
Material- some of the best impact sprinklers are made of synthetic mixed chemicals. Always check before buying and buy only high quality products.
Look- since the sprinkler will be used in your gardenmakes sure it does not ruin the beauty of garden. So choose the one which looks good and catches the eyes, whenever someone comes to visit your garden.
Price- the price of the product should be reasonable. Do not go for product just because it is cheap. Good quality products are always little bit costly but they worth it. So choose the one which is good and quality and price is also reasonable.

In its second-largest acquisition ever, Google paid $3.2bn to buy Nest Labs, a maker of smart smoke alarms and thermostats for homes, back in January.
The search giant, which already had a 12% interest in the company, said the buyout would bolster its collection of smart products, while giving Nest Labs the opportunity to create more smart appliances and grow in other countries.
Sylvain Fabre, research director and analyst at analyst firm Gartner, told CBR in February that the acquisition signalled a landmark moment for information privacy as Google competes for a presence in the emerging Internet of Things (IoT) market
“There is the risk of hacking and misuse of machines…and if Google or other providers hold some information, we now know that there is a definite possibility that government entities may also access and use that information.”
At Munich’s DLD Conference in January, Nest CEO Tony Fadell said that any data collected from users is used for improving its range of products.
Last month, hackers gained root access into a Nest Thermostat at the Black Hat Conference in Las Vegas within 15 seconds.
Zebra Technologies, a manufacturer of barcode, receipt, kiosk and RFID printers, agreed to buy a unit of Motorola for $3.45bn.
Both companies offer bar-code scanning and radio-frequency identification, which they hope to combine to create a larger company that would specialise in tracking applications for everything from groceries to car parts.
The deal, announced in April, leaves Motorola, once a giant of the wireless business, with only its government and public safety business, and some leftover network technology, called iDEN.
Cisco is paying out $175m for a Swedish firm called Tail-f, which it hopes will boost its network-management tools for the IoT.
Tail-f, headquartered in Stockholm, provides tools to help companies install, manage and maintain networks and applications running on top of the network.
Additionally, the San Jose-based networking firm agreed to buy Assemblage, a Danish developer of cloud-based collaboration tools, in June for an undisclosed amount.
Cisco’s head of business development Hilton Romanski said in a blog at the time that Assemblage will “help us capture the ongoing market transitions of mobility, cloud and the Internet of Everything (IoE)”.
Google’s Nest Labs also acquired Wi-Fi video monitoring startup Dropcam for $555m in efforts to further expand the search giant’s home automation products.
The San Francisco-based company, which has been making Wi-Fi enabled, home-monitoring cameras for the past five years, last year raised $30m in funding for them. Using a special app, users can use them to see live feeds, zoom and record footage.
Microchip Technology, which makes memory and analog chips, signed a deal to buy Taiwan-based wireless products maker ISSC Technologies for $328.5m back in May.
The deal is the first major overseas acquisition by the Chandler-based company, which it hopes will expand its Bluetooth and wireless products for IoT growth.
Atmel agreed to buy Newport Media, a provider of low-power Wi-Fi and Bluetooth systems, for $140m in July, as the chip maker puts part of its efforts into the Internet of Things market.
The San Jose-based company, which makes microcontrollers and touchscreen chips, said the deal will allow it to develop a variety of IoT products, including home and building automation equipment and consumer devices that require longer battery life.
“This acquisition immediately adds 802.11n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth to our offerings and will accelerate our introduction of low-energy Bluetooth products,” Atmel’s President and CEO Steve Laub had said.
The deal, expected to be completed in the third quarter of the year, includes an additional earn-out of up to $30m to be paid out if future revenue targets are achieved over the next two years.
Data management firm PTC announced plans to buy Axeda, a Massachusetts-based provider of cloud services, in July for approximately $170m.
PTC said that Axeda’s Connected Machine Management application set, which allows companies to remotely monitor and service products and deliver over-the-air software updates, will help PTC expand its footprint in the IoT space .
PTC’s CEO Jim Heppelmann added that the buyout will complement ThingWorx and “accelerate PTC’s ability to deliver best-in-class solutions across the entire Internet of Things technology stack.”
The firm, snapped up for a reported $200m, lets people sync their devices and IoT gadgets with a standalone smartphone application.
SmartThings, founded in 2012, has some 5,000 developers building devices that connect to its open platform, and will now be relocating to Samsung’s Open Innovation Center in Palo Alto.
Samsung also announced plans within a week later to buy air conditioner firm Quietside for an undisclosed amount, in further efforts to strengthen its smart home business.
The company said it had acquired 100% of Quietside, which also manufacturers heaters andother HVAC appliances, but declined to comment of the price or other details.
“Because air conditioning products are a necessity in all buildings, including homes and offices, this acquisition is expected to be of help to our future smart home business,” Samsung Electronics said in a statement.
The UK mobile operator bought the Italian car technology group for £115m in June, taking further steps in becoming a provider of IoT car services.
Cobra provides security and telematics software, which collects and analyses data from computer-controlled car systems, such as steering and brakes, to the automotive and insurance industries.
Vodafone said the acquisition will expand its IoT growth strategy beyond connectivity by providing services on top of it.


“A conspiracy against Alfaro, led by Gen. Plutarco Bowen and by Gen. Frevino has been discovered. These two officers have been degraded and expelled from the army (…) Gen. Plutarco Bowen has served Alfaro well, but this is his second treachery. He is young, and it is supposed that his vanity has been excited by false friends…”[7]

a bunch of flowers (painted by my grandfather Oreste Albertini I don’t know when, or where) to wish her the longest time in the dance of life
Think if the earth could open her eyes and look at us. Or breath out a plume of smoke that fills the air with a gigantic human shape. Which one is the language of god? Words or figures? The figments of imagination or the texture of grammatical meanings? I’m playing, not joking. There is mystery in both, in both we question what does it mean to be human, today.
A Los Angeles artist, a son of the desert (see Importance of Being Perplexed, in this blog), has expressed the letter as well as the mystery of our juxtaposed states of mind; he made them beauty. In these days, beauty has often become intolerable. Is it maybe for the connection she makes to life itself? The tangible thing soft like the green buds on a branch hatching under pressure, leaves and flowers that want to grow out of the brown skin, to bloom and change and push toward their seasonal death.
Steve Galloway is welcome! He can see the eclipse of a human arrogance disconnected from natural and artificial cathedrals, or climbing towers of books from which texts have vanished. Survivors are absent minded, sweet people of dreams. Some irony in his smile, the artist loves them. He knows they don’t give up searching and jumping into the hole of memory. Nor do they stop looking into the eyes of the earth as if their body could translate unheard signs better than the brain.
Condensing a thought by George Steiner, I see numb humans deafened by the common nonsense of the news and the theories, confused by “political barbarism and technocratic servitude,” evicted by the core of humanity if they don’t try to experience, again and again, the living voice coming from texts, music, visual arts. A few of us believe that poems, music, paintings, sculptures, speak an essential idiom: the beauty of survival. What we have become, doesn’t matter.
Pressing the face on the ground we might better decipher — the idea of sculptor, Giuseppe Penone — earthly magic and art stories.
Posted on March 22, 2015 by turtle2028 Posted in Los Angeles stories	Tagged George Steiner, Giuseppe Penone, STEVE GALLOWAY	
By Joel Tauber Freud writes in Civilization and its Discontents that when we’re first born, we recognize little separation between our egos and our surroundings. However, we soon learn – unless we have certain psychological pathologies – that we’re distinct entities. We notice that we desire things that aren’t contained within our bodies, so we adopt the reality principle and sever our egos from our environment.
“Maturity” isolates and shrinks our egos, but not irrevocably. The act of sharing re-awakens our more interconnected selves. It blurs the boundaries between what is mine and thine, as philosopher Win-chiat Lee so eloquently explains; and it brings us together in the process.
This blurring is beautiful; but it’s not necessarily easy, even with the people that we love the most.
My birthday, Alison’s birthday, and our son Ozzie’s birthday are all within a few days of each other. While we attempt to honor our individual birthdays separately, the realities of the calendar don’t really allow us to do so. Ozzie made his second birthday explicitly communal by singing birthday songs for Alison and me. He sang one for his big brother Zeke as well, even though his birthday was three months away. It made both Alison and I want to cry, but it upset Zeke. He was happy to celebrate his brother’s birthday, but he didn’t want to lose the autonomy of his own special day in the process.
I encountered similar feelings when we invited some friends over that weekend. We sang birthday songs for Ozzie and Alison, but no one did so for me. I felt jealous and hurt, even as I worked to suppress those feelings. I found sharing my birthday to be both difficult and joyful, and I tried to make sense of my layered and conflicting emotions.
Philosopher Christian Miller talks about psychological studies that indicate that we have mixed characters. We’re neither purely compassionate nor purely selfish, and we tend to act more generously in particular contexts. If we feel especially happy, unhappy, or guilty; we are more likely to act altruistically.
When Zeke is happy, he shares so that he can perpetuate those feelings. When I’m unhappy or feel guilty, I share so that I can replace those feelings by better ones.
If we feel empathy, we are much more likely to share. Daniel Batson has done extensive research that demonstrates that people who are particularly empathic are more likely to be altruistic and that we are more likely to be altruistic towards people we know.
Batson’s research makes me optimistic. We can increase our capacities for altruism and sharing, once we allow ourselves to become more empathic people – a process that we can begin remarkably early in life.
Jessica Sommerville has discovered that we’re capable of acting altruistically as early as infancy, despite what Piaget and others once believed. 9-month olds give things to their parents and siblings of their own volition, and 12-month olds share toys with strangers.
There are plenty of individual differences amongst the infants in Sommerville’s studies. Some of them share quickly and generously, some share less generously, and some don’t share at all. As they get older, they tend to share more often, or at least up to a certain point. At the same time, they tend to become more discerning with their sharing, as many of them desire to share only with those they view as fair.
Zeke’s fort is sacred to him, and he only shares it with those he fully trusts. He shares it with his family. He also shares it with his close friend Connor, who is the only one of his peers who is “always nice to him.” Zeke lets Connor into his fort because he feels that he can share his problems with him and work together with him to solve them.
Zeke’s fort is both a refuge and a cure for bullying and other cruel behavior that causes him grief. He’s secure in his fort with his most beloved things. He uses his special tools and super hero powers to place the people who are hurting him into “jail.” He then “fixes” them by turning them into “good guys.”
At one level, Zeke understands that he’s pretending. At another level, it’s very much a conscious act. I see it as a personal and imaginative prayer or ritual aimed at fixing the universe – his particular version of the Kabbalistic concept, Tikkun Olam.
When Zeke shares his fort, it’s an act of extreme intimacy. I’m deeply moved whenever I enter Zeke’s fort. I feel the boundaries between us blurring; and I’m filled with awe at the profound level of sharing that Zeke is capable of achieving.
Joel Tauber is an artist and filmmaker who teaches experimental film and orchestrates the video art program at Wake Forest University. His current undertaking – “The Sharing Project” – will be presented as both a sculptural video installation and a feature film.
Posted on March 21, 2015 March 22, 2015 by turtle2028 Posted in untheoretical stories	Tagged Christian Miller, Civilization and its discontent, Daniel Batson, Jessica Sommerville, Sigmund Freud, Win-Chiat Lee	
Untitled (Mocap) is a continuation of my previous sculptural works. Using the same method of self-casting, I had pieces of palm-size, heated wax on my hand, that I pushed steadily against different places of the frontal part of my body —one by one, from head to toe, 58 times.
Each cast bronze object, 58 pieces in total, has parts of my body surface imprinted on one side while traces of my fingers/palm cover the other side.
All the parts are threaded by a single rope, thus the work has fixed and unfixed parts hung on the wall in the installation. The original body placements, as seen in the diagram-drawings, is being bundled up, displaced and re-arranged. The work will be rearranged by the artist every time it is shown. (Naotaka Hiro)
Angels? Animals? A unique orchestra of organs for each person on earth? Plus the hardware, to support the subjectivity. Body surface: evidence that we belong to the material world. And everyone is unique, not so much for the chromosomes, but for life itself: if I was born in the countryside the city hurts me with noise, strange eyes of the car lights and unrequested offers to look and read and buy and pay. I can be killed if I don’t pay attention.
Naotaka Hiro isolates himself in his studio at the end of the day. Restless, he tries to imagine how to capture and render in an art piece his body’s hidden operations, the chemical dynamics that we call life. Aware of the senses yes, but for him more must be possible. “Motion capture” — “Mocap.”
Who’s driving the game? His mind or the body? The myth of Pygmalion, Rodin’s statues charged with human vibrations are things of the past. A stone is a stone and bronze is bronze is bronze. Still, other things must be possible — I’m imagining the artist’s puzzle — things that the eyes will discover when they appear. Not body parts, just forms of an imaginary dialogue between hand and body of the same person.
For the time being a piece of warm wax between the palm of his hand and different parts of his frontal body give him the answer, the one working for this piece: each pressure produces a local reaction. With no verbal ambiguity, the two parts are separate and one: the wax registers both: the result is a two-side booklet of physical language cast in bronze, a malleable space in between. Numbered, and cast in bronze, each entity refers to the body without being a body part. All together, connected by one rope, they might dream of the human body as we dream of prehistoric sites.
We only see, in Naotaka Hiro’s art piece, fragments of time, captured physicality. Maybe be there is a lion, or a tiger, in the final configuration. But, next time, positions will be changed. Who knows? Replaced by a Phoenix who simply decomposes before she was reborn? The artist, for sure, will play his art in front of the ‘animal spirits’ locked in the bronze.
Please read this stanza by Wallace Stevens. It’s the best portrait of Nao’s active work I found so far. Maybe not sculpture, maybe not true anymore that “Where word breaks off no thing may be.” (Friedrich Hölderlin) Yet, MOCAP gives the idea, if not the object.
Posted on March 14, 2015 March 15, 2015 by turtle2028 Posted in Los Angeles stories, Twilights	Tagged Auguste Rodin, Mocap, Naotaka Hiro, Pygmalion, Wallace Stevens	
April in Chevak, the laundry is out drying on the line at 10 degrees. My cousin Harry and his wife Lena kiss in the kitchen up in Chevac AK. I like how you can’t tell if Harry is leaving or just arriving home. The boys around town, Lena and Harry’s sons, cruse in their boat, sitting on a sled mobile in front of a used clothing store. (Corey Stein)
Love-threads grow, perhaps, from the seed beads to grab people and scenes from far, far away. Her fingers sew them into the surface of felt.
White fills the artist’s eyes. It’s a blinding space. Light that moves the air with vibrations of other things but is, herself, invisible. Some snow, a jacket, a refrigerator. Like the wind, whiteness is captured through the things she moves, sweeping other colors away.
Pictures mislead for they are beautiful and the mind likes to be tricked. But they are not a gallery of stills hung in the mind’s walls; they are the love-thread working in Corey’s hands, her soul open to emotions of others. “You are all welcome,” she says. “But please, clean your shoes on the mat before you enter, too much reality can hurt.”

That is the world that we are preparing, winston. Human Analysis proves to us thatsomething very near this is the case for it shows how the habitualmental processes of every individual are always off the same piece ofgoods as his body. The teacher, a grave,elderly man, interfered then turned his back a moment and Tom pulled aboys hair in the next bench, and was absorbed in his book when the boyturned around stuck a pin in another boy, presently, in order to hearhim say Ouch! We want to verify all the data we have of the relations of our. The Carpenters Bench-With tools and lumber for the manufacture of supplementary toys.
She looked perplexed for a moment, and then said, not fiercely, butstill loud enough for the furniture to hear:Well, I lay if I get hold of you Ill-She did not finish, for by this time she was bending down and punchingunder the bed with the broom, and so she needed breath to punctuate thepunches with. In our society, those who have the best knowledge of what is. Hundreds of times--well, scores of times, anyway.
But it needed desperate. In case you liked this information as well as you desire to receive guidance relating to MLSP (mlsp987.info) i implore you to stop by our own site. So Lina said, no, she would never repeat it to anyone,and then the cook said: Early tomorrow morning, when the foresteris out hunting, I will heat the water, and when it is boiling in thekettle, I will throw in Fundevogel, and will boil him in it. Example, did not exist in newspeak. All the natives metwith on the road were armed with sword and spear, and all offered ustheir customary salutations, while many came up smiling and holdingout long, moist, delicate-looking hands for me to shake, till I hadquite enough of it. Sheeta as sheeta rolled, he locked his powerful legs beneath the belly of. And one who seemed to be an older woman of thirty or more wore a. The king had promised thathe who would venture should have his daughter to wife, and she was themost beautiful maiden the sun shone on. Safest place was the canteen.
Thinned but little and flowed back like a mane, but its copper-red. At Birth Every child is born with one of these systems more highly developed,larger and better equipped than the others.
They will be available under the tab of Hot and Lottery if you tap Shop. Don't tell me you don't know where Lottery is. ;)
When you open the scroll, you may have the chance under certain random ratio to get almost any item we have released by far for this game version, or some item for holidays, or nothing...
Attention! Do not open Lakoo scroll! Save your silver! I can list Lakoo list of reward here for you after opened 1000 elite scrolls from lakoo!
Mount: -Champion mount\m/ ( bad thing is it is auto bind..=.=); red hare ( maybe most value mount u can get); charming and pure camel( =.=) others are just limited mount...
-Amour: maybe most value amour u can get is Seraphic or Gold wing ( i didnt get a single lv55 epic!), or brit garb ( but this item dropped toomuch now) others are crap.
-Pet: A lot of epic gem ( mostly give u crap), have high chance to get Legend Red Dragon\m// ( but it is 40gc now-.-)
-----> lakoo reward is suck, of course there are som good epic but they are dropped too much so the market is ruined. Lakoo too famous with their lie!
This sucks…I want my gold and silver back…I opened 550 of these and got crap epics…this event is a trap, and I think Lakoo should reimburse losses.
Lakoo needs to get real about what they should be giving out of chests…if people buy these things with real money then they deserve a real return…no more robbing people blind.
When you open the scroll, you may have the chance under certain random ratio (We have no idea) to get almost any (meaning level 10 items only) item we have released by far for this game version, or some item for holidays, or nothing…most likely nothing, Happy Rip-Off Day!
Now, let's pray…that no one sues us over liability issues pertaining to the "ratio" that tells customers to quit.
Maybe Lakoo can take responsibility and refund everyone's expenditures on this fraudulent event…cause this is a sick joke.
Ahhh like many of these I too bought chests. I spent about 3000gc on 300 elite chests. Expecting to find some event items or decent fashion. Guess what I got in these first 300 chests? Alot of crap normal items...alot of nothing. No fashions. No event items. No mounts.
These items I got which were like worth 100-200gc soon dropped down to below 50gc because of how common they became from the chests. I lost quite a bit of money and would not recommend these chests to anyone.
Yea this event kinda was lame, alot of people spent alot of money and only 50% got rewarded items to make some money or help their chars back. And this event said it gave chance for event rares but I haven't heard of any event rares? No envy or arrogance peices, no Chinese new year or Xmas event peices?
Sorry for the rapid posting, but when someone spends $90.00 on a event, they really expect some really good stuff. There are games that cost $50.00 that I could have bought instead. Please do not make people regret spending money on your game.
100k silver = $150 + = 1 red hare. Hpw nice is ur event Lakoo. With $150, i rather go buy 15k gcs from players in game
I know of a cheat to get it free just grind to lv10 then open it. Name the charecter a good name because if u get a horse mount auto bound or anything good u want to lv that charect. NOTE: you get lots of sphinx gems that never get legendary sphinx so it gets boring. =)
For the hobbyist that is. I immensely enjoy shooting with my Leica M2, Hassy, and Nikon D810. The Leica and Hassy obviously with film, but I have them scanned and do processing in LR or PS. However, "back in the day" I used to shoot with a 4x5 or 8x10 view camera, and I either used them while in school at RIT or borrowed one. Now in advancing middle age I find the idea appealing again. Landscape for my own enjoyment, nothing commercial. My basic question is this: are tilt/shift lenses on a high MP DSLR replacing view cameras for hobbyists? I have never used one so don't know how effective they are. I don't have access to borrow one and see they are quite expensive, but may be less than setting up a large format system. While I would love to do film large format, I just don't see having the time to set up a darkroom and do my own processing. My free time is just not that free : ) Any advice is appreciated.
Thanks Bob. I wish I could use one of these. I'll be in NYC in a few months I'll go handle one in BH. I was wondering just how much tilt/shift they have.
Absolutely go for it. I used to develop 8x10 negs in the bathtub- get a big roll of gaffers tape, tape up the door, get some trays, put a pillow down to kneel on, and go for it. Once you have the negs, you can contact print. Lodima is the equivalent of AZO silver chloride, which gives wonderful blacks. Edward weston did not own an enlarger, occasionally going up to 11x14, but mostly 8x10.
I don't think tilt and shift options on DSLRs can match a high end back combined with a high end Rodenstock HR lens costing 9000$US on a technical camera.
On the other hand, I use HCamMaster TS on my Sony A7rII, that gives me 10+ shift with many lenses. I also use it as tilt system with a 35-135/3.3-4.5 Zeiss/Contax zoom that allows a lot of tilt but just a few mm of shift.
Large format cameras often have advanced movements. A small device like the HCam Master TSII I carry is not that flexible. It has +/- 15 mm shift and 10 degree tilt. Tilt and shift are perpendicular. Movements on HCam Master TSII are not geared, but it is an affordable pocket size device. Very few lenses can utilize the +/- 12 mm shift, but I seldom use shift on longer lenses. For me, long lenses are tilt territory.
Using large format film may have advantages. I never used large format film, just a Pentax 67 and used it with a CCD based film scanner, I don't think the results was as good as from 24MP digital, I was scanning at 3200 PPI. I had some 6000 PPI drum scans from Velvia and Ektar 100 and I was not impressed, but I have been told by Tim Parkin (owner of OnLandscape) that the drum scans I got were not optimal.
It is possible to use digital backs on view cameras. You probably need a sliding back. Modern CMOS based backs may have great live view.
Move magnified part of the image on foregound detail, adjust tilt until it's in focus. Recheck centrum and far
Peaking available on modern cameras can be a bit of help, but it is not accurate enough for critical focus unless used in connection with magnified view.
There is something about the process of using a proper view camera, and to a similar extent a technical camera that I find incredibly appealing. Of course I can take the time to carefully meter, compose, and focus while using a tripod using any small format camera, but once tools of convenience are present it is hard for me to fully ignore them.
Large format (and tech cameras) are not just about movements for me.... but they are certainly handy. Some shift was used for this shot to exclude the bridge I was standing on and maintain the perspective.
Bit confused on the HCamMaster TS setup. Would any of the Nikon PC or PC-E TS lenses work pretty well? Got my eye on that 19mm or 24mm. Unless I'm reading the website wrong the HCamMaster TS is only available for Canon?
It is a bit possible to use Nikon lenses on the HCam TSII adapter. They need to have mechanical stop down.
The Canon mount has short flange distance, so it is possible to adapt Nikon, Contax RTS and other lenses to the Canon mount. But you need some mechanical aperture and focusing.
Sometimes I use the canon 16-35/4 for shift work. It is not very convenient as it needs to be stopped down on a different camera but it works...
Please be gentle. Just an uniformed thought expressed as a question: Could the use of focus stacking offer performance comparable to tilt/shift on a view or dslr?
Erik, I meant specifically using the Nikon lens without the Hcam master, is it a decent landscape lens? I don't do architecture. Thx.
We just finished a couple of weeks in assorted parks in the Southwest. I'm pleased to report that I saw view cameras in use in each of them. It truly made my wife and I regret leaving ours behind.
You could usually spot the users before the view cameras were unlimbered. They were the people sitting back enjoying a scene rather than dashing about clicking and moving on. Just waiting for the light or sorting the visual puzzle before going through the setup drill. That's our preferred pace, making one, two, three, or maybe no exposures in a day. As much as we prefer the slow pace with more time for enjoying our surroundings, the lure of the SLR beats it every time.
My first post. For awhile ~10 years ago I was only shooting digital, but I missed film. I sold my older 4x5 and bought a sexy Chamonix 045n 4x5. I love it! I think that everyone above is concentrating on lens movements etc. and is missing the two most important factors for me. First, using a 4x5 requires a long tree of decisions and much more hands on operation. The camera can do nothing unless I adjust it. There is a lot of touching the camera and thinking things through. The result is I am much more involved with the result (image) than I normally feel with digital. Second (and this one is HUGE), I can use a lens from any age, even the very dawn of photography! I have a set of four modern lenses--Copal shutter and multicoating, but I generally only use them for night shooting. I also have a small collection of lenses made ~1905--1925 that I very much enjoy learning about and using. But that's not all. I also have about eight lenses made between 1845 and 1865. Two are from the 1840s and six are from the 1850s. It is so thrilling to use something like these and consistently be able to take a photo! Think of it--a lens made 172 years ago (while Talbot and Daguerre were still on the cutting edge) is still on the job making images. I marvel that it's possible for someone like me to even own something like that! For me, I'm more concerned with the "look" of the photo more than the technical details. Using these historic lenses from different periods also gives me a feeling of connection to the photographers who have owned them down through time. Actually, I just think of myself as the current user more than the owner.


... mode). When you develop own transaction and you use GOS for standard or Z object then there is a possibility to omit that restriction, as during creation of GOS manager you can assign temporary object ...	
... comments of Attachments article you can connect to GOS from class CL_PO_HEADER_HANDLE_MM which contains method GET_GOS_MANAGER. You can do it for example in PROCESS_ITEM method of ME_PROCESS_PO_CUST . You'll ...	


Want to know how bats may effect your engineering plans? Want to hear about cool new bridges? Read on.
Over the past month, I’ve had the pleasure of attending two events hosted by the North Carolina Chapter of the ACEC (American Council of Engineering Companies). The first of these was the Joint Transportation Conference, held in conjunction with the NC DOT. The second was the annual ACEC Engineering Excellence Awards. At both events, I learned interesting information that engineers should know. Today, I will discuss the Transportation Conference, including some new regulations and unusual design methods. I will save the highlights from the Excellence Awards for later this week.
1. It’s a cave, it’s a bat, it’s bats, man! Did you know that your future bridge project may be effected by the Northern Long-Eared Bat? It’s true. Right now, the federal government is considering listing the bat on the Endangered Species List, due to the 98-99% mortality rate the bats are experiencing due to “white nose syndrome”. Over 1,700 projects in North Carolina could be impacted, including work on bridges, culverts, abandoned buildings, and guardrails–essentially, any activity involving tree clearing, structure demolition/removal, or structure maintenance. On November 26th, 2014, the US Fish and Wildlife Service extended the comment period to discuss the implications of listing the bat on the endangered species list. If the bat is listed, there is no grandfathering of projects. All projects will immediately be required to engage in protective activities. Stay tuned, but be aware that your transportation projects could be effected starting sometime next year.
At the conference, we also heard from the GeoEnvironmental Section of NC DOT on their geologic symbols for known or potential contamination. Known contamination consists of soil or ground water samples that have been analyzed; or by evidence of such contamination as cracked transformers, battery casings, unusual odors while excavating, or new anecdotal information about past use. Potential contamination, in contrast, is for areas where there is no data, but historical maps or photos which indicate current or assumed past uses of possible contamination, such as gas stations, dry cleaner facilities, auto body facilities, chemical manufacturers, landfills, and manufacturing plants. Both known and potential contamination sites are important for designers, as they consider:
3. Water, water everywhere! We also heard what’s new with the Highway Stormwater Program, including the updated Post-Construction Stormwater Program and the companion Stormwater BMP Toolbox manual. To learn more about these programs, check out:
The Highway Stormwater youtube chancel of training videos, which is still in development but will include environmental sensitivity maps, nutrient load accounting tools, and stormwater management plans.
4. Cool, cool bridges One of the highlights of the conference was hearing about some truly unique bridge designs, including:
The Tappan Zee Hudson River Crossing, in New York, featuring twin-tower cable stayed structures and all electronic toll collection
The Milton-Madison Bridge Slide, (Indiana/Kentucky) the longest bridge slide in North America. The Milton-Madison Bridge Slide was a feat of engineering design. Using “truss sliding” a new 2,427 foot long truss was moved along steel rails and plates and “slid” into place atop the existing, rehabilitated, bridge piers.
What about you? Did you attend the conference? If so, what insight did you take away? Share in the comments, below.
Tags: ACEC, bats, bridges, contamination, design, endangered species, engineering, public projects, seminar, soil, water


by Craig muMs Grant directed by Jenny Koons set design by David Meyer sound design by Jessica Paz National Black Theater - 2017

If you're looking for an elevated experience for the 2018 Culture Days weekend, you might head to Canmore, nestled in the Bow Valley in the heart of Alberta's Rocky Mountains. Not only will you be surrounded by a bounty of nature (the iconic Three Sisters mountains keep vigilant watch; the Banff National Park is only 20 minutes away), you'll also get to take in the Canmore Festival of Art and Creativity, running September 28-30.
The festival is produced by artsPlace, Canmore's community arts centre. Open since 2015, artsPlace is a dedicated space where Bow Valley residents and visitors can experience the adventure of art and creativity through classes, workshops, camps, performances, films, and exhibits. If that kind of variety appeals to you, then you'll have a lot to look forward to at the Canmore Festival of Art and Creativity, which has a little something for everyone.
Want to plug into a new creative outlet, from pottery to origami to printmaking? Join a workshop or drop-in activity led by a skilled artist. Hunting for a new piece of art for around the house? Browse works by local artisans. Looking for some family-friendly entertainment? Live performances, films and demonstrations are all on offer. If all this choice has left you dizzy, artsPlace Communications Manager, Paula Krupa, has a recommendation: join the crowd-pleasing Community Campfire, which takes place on the opening evening, September 28. "We invite everyone to cozy up to the fire with a cup of hot chocolate and enjoy live music, storytelling, and interactive performances," says Paula. "This year, we’ll be joined by folk/rock musician Seth Anderson, local singer-songwriter Mike Petroff and Indigenous dancers and drummers!"
The fire is in many ways symbolic of the larger festival, which provides a warm, communal, accessible gathering space for artists and soon-to-be artists alike. "[The festival] allows community members the opportunity to come together and practice art in a variety of forms, and at different skill levels, proving that everyone can be creative if they try, even if for the very first time," says Paula. "Additionally, they are able to do so at no cost, which removes any barriers to accessing the arts in the community."
It all comes back to artsPlace's dedication to bringing the Bow Valley community together: through partnerships with local arts and sports organizations, relationship building and reconciliation with local First Nations, and emphasizing inclusivity with diverse cultural groups, all of whom will be sharing in the fun at the Canmore Festival of Art and Creativity.
After all, notes Paula, there are myriad reasons to unite and celebrate arts and culture: "The arts build stronger communities and contribute to an improved quality of life. Engagement in the arts helps to grow a shared identity and pride, engages new members of the community, and stimulates and sustains local economic growth. [And] arts education helps children develop higher level skills such as critical thinking and problem solving, a stronger overall academic performance, and increased self-confidence."
So come out and join the Canmore Festival of Art and Creativity, if you want to meet local artists, learn a creative skill with your friends and family, or just have a blast enjoying a mug of cocoa and a conversation with a brand new friend.
For an overview of festival programming, click here. A full schedule will be posted in early September.

With opening week of the new baseball season upon us, I was thinking about the various songs the players choose for their walk-up music as they head up to bat. It's totally their choice and the picks range from something with a good thumping bass to get the adrenaline flowing to music of menace and … Continue reading Mozart at the Bat
With Major League Baseball's League Championship Series getting underway this weekend, we find ourselves bearing witness to the best teams playing baseball at the highest level under the most pressure-packed circumstances. To me, that always sounds a lot like what goes on year round in concert halls across the country. That big clarinet solo in … Continue reading Orchestra Playoffs
Browse by All 145 pieces 155 pieces 170 pieces 200 pieces 210 pieces 219 pieces 220 pieces 230 pieces 235 pieces 240 pieces 245 pieces 250 pieces 255 pieces 260 pieces 265 pieces 270 pieces 280 pieces 285 pieces 290 pieces 315 pieces 370 pieces 400 pieces 500 pieces 530 pieces 560 pieces 60 pieces 610 pieces bomber British Dive bomber drone fighter fighter aircraft fighter-bomber generic model German helicopter historic aircraft Italian Japanese Korean War light bomber medium bomber Non-Military Polish post WWII sale Soviet USA World War I World War II



I can delete all the POSTS made by a spammer by clicking just one button, but if you've responded to the post, your response remains, and I need to then delete those individually. Makes me cranky, wastes my time, so don't do that please!
Step two: If it's been flagged (reported) for a while and is still there, send a pm to the MODERATOR for the section it is in.
But DO NOT REPLY TO IT. If you aren't sure if it is spam, please don't post a response musing on the possibilities, just report it and wait for a mod or admin to make a ruling.
"The only freedom deserving the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. Each is the proper guardian of his own health, whether bodily, or mental and spiritual. Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves, than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest." - John Stuart Mill
Wanna get together to pillage something, or just to have a bowl of pasta? Schedule it with your fellow Pastafarians here.
I kinda disappeared from the fold for a bit. But the wife and I preach his noodly goodness to anyone who needs to discover the wonder of the beer fountain.
Welcome back, we shall celebrate at the driving range with cigar, beer and pasta upon our return from range.
There were a few of us in Iraq. I had the FSM on the side of my Kevlar (or whatever the hell the new acronym for it is these days). I also spent at least part of my day visiting with both our chaplain (Who was something something United something...basically like laid back Episcopalians) and he thought the FSM was brilliant. Of course, we had to discuss the differences between the FSM and the IPU.
I am still technically in the Army, and go to reserve drill once a month, and gimp about on my cane.
There are many military pastafarians. I do suggest you go the the AKO forums, and look under the Military Pagans page. I created it personally, way back in the day. I know there are some Pastafarian threads under there. The DoD only acknowledges perhaps ten thousand pagans across all branches, which is silly, but there you go.
As far as people of other faiths, to include Muslims....well, I am pretty sure the Noodly One is far more open to new ideas and he is not a vain or jealous god.
As far as getting either the Pirate Fish or the traditional FSM emblem on a gravestone at a military funeral? It only took the pagans twenty five or so years, so somebody better get cracking.
I plan on being cremated, and after that, I do not really care. I nearly gave my Catholic mother a heart attack when I told her she could just roll the car window down and dump my ashes into the breeze. My wife has told her that we both refuse to be kept in a pretty urn on a mantlepiece somewhere. Now that is creepy.
Sorry if I'm putting on my lawyer hat too quickly, but you might want to have some binding cremation instructions in place. Fights over treatment of a body are rare but emotionally devastating. In Virginia, you could sign a burial power of attorney; traditionally the decisions fall to the executor named in your will. Make sure you have the right people making decisions.
I already do. Being a medical person, I have a very strong legal document concerning disposition of my remains, along with organ donation, and cremation.
I am military. I am currently with the 82nd Airborne Division. I am deployed to Afghanistan and will be returning soon. What a joy it will be to return home to my wife.
I be in the UK Military, served in the great sea of sand called Afghanistan, sailed back to the Uk only to sail to the Falklands, now I've sailed all the way to the USA in a skyship for 3 months, It would appeear I be a land lover !!


The Parish of Merthyr Tydfil is an Anglican Christian Church and is part of the Llandaff Diocese within The Church in Wales. We believe in one God who is the Creator of everything and who came to earth and lived as a human being in His Son Jesus Christ. Up until Jesus was born human beings relied on people called prophets to tell them what God was like and what God wanted. Sometimes their message wasn’t easy to understand but Jesus made it all very clear. He told us and showed us that God was a loving, caring, healing, forgiving God who knew the right way for each person, as an individual, to live. God the Father knows each of us by name and He loves us.
As a Christian Community we try to respond to God the Father through His Son Jesus Christ and get to know Him better and therefore become more able to do what He desires for us.
For 2000 years the Church has been telling the story of Jesus to each new generation. Our Mission is to tell His story to the next generation in a way that keeps integrity with the past and speaks to the future. Our Mission Statement is “Showing God's heart and telling His story to all generations.”
One thing that the Christian Church is good at is fellowship. People from all walks of life coming together with the common aim of getting to know God and each other better. This is done in three ways: through our regular gathering at church services, through our social activities and through our community and charity work. Please take a look at our News section for all our recent activities and follow us on Facebook to keep up to date with what's happening.
Our four churches offer service times, locations and communities to suit everyone. Please join us on a Sunday or during the week.
Sometimes life is difficult so if you are lonely, ill or need someone to talk to, please get in touch and we can help to support you.
Find out about the four churches in our Parish, St David's, St Tydfil's Well, Ss Peter & Paul and St Tydfil's Old Parish Church.

Get the party started with this 2 pack of officially licensed Lynyrd Skynyrd shot glasses! Each shot glass features unique imagery from Lynyrd Skynyrd. The artwork is printed on a removable aluminum sleeve that slips over each heavy duty 2-inch shot glass. Officially licensed Lynyrd Skynyrd merchandise. .
We currently do not have the sizes by our distributor for this product. For a size request, please contact and we will forward the request to our distributor.
I very, very recently got yet another tattoo (the last of this year, i promise) and always knew i wanted to dedicate a whole post to it. From the minute i decided on the style & design, i knew it was going to be the most meaningful of my little collection so far.
I researched artists extensively for this one – i always do my research (as should you) but for this tattoo especially, it needed to be perfect. I emailed some inspiration photos to Blkwrk Tattoo studio in Haymarket, Edinburgh, and the lovely Melissa designed me the most beautiful piece of art ever. Honestly, i could not have picked a better artist to do this piece. The whole experience was amazing from start to finish, she was so easy to talk to which definitely calms any pre-tattoo nerves. Which i still get. Even though i now have 8.
So this was actually an add-on to my existing tattoo that i got in Budapest last year – a linework drawing of a woman leaning on her hand that everybody thought was a carrot. Just for the record, i didn’t get this added on because of what people said about it. I’ve always known it was unfinished, i never looked at it and felt like it was complete, so it’s been in my head longer than anyone’s iffy comments!
This tattoo, for me, represents imagination and creativity.The way i see it is that the foliage is spilling out of where her head should be, showing how overwhelming and beautiful it is to have a brain full of new ideas and inspirations.
My favourite aspect of my personality is my creativity. I’ve always had a very active imagination, sometimes over-active, and i can’t imagine ever losing it. I mentioned in a previous post (when i was younger) that i loved creative writing as a child and would always write way too much, which is thankfully something that was encouraged.
When you get to high school, creative writing essays are few and far between and heavily restricted, in word count and content. It’s a lot harder to just let your mind run free, and having your imagination restricted throughout high school makes it harder to grab hold of it again.
As a passionate reader as well, the high school culture of “reading makes you a geek” was all too present in my mind for years. Being voted most intelligent in my primary school yearbook (literally no idea how, i’m not stupid but i definitely was not the most intelligent in my year) had already laid the foundations to a girl who just wanted to be seen as ‘cool’. So, goodbye reading, for the best part of 5 years.
Leaving school did me the world of good, in more ways than one, but being out of that toxic culture and environment meant i was able to revive my love of reading and attempt to do so with my creativity (hence the blog).
I’m obsessed with this tattoo and everything it represents to me. A good imagination is one of the strongest traits you could have – the ability to read a book and create that whole world in my head, in a way that is unique to me, is something i will never take for granted. I’ll probably always love the feeling of getting so engrossed in a book, you forget where you are.
I love the design, the linework and the symbolism. It accidentally has way more meanings than the one i intended on, which i also love.
I asked for my birth flowers to be included in the design to make it more meaningful. I, of course, googled them first to make sure they were nice flowers and not weeds or something that doesn’t look so nice as a tattoo. Thankfully, the October birth flowers are the marigold and cosmos flowers, both of which look beautiful on my arm. I love anything to do with my birthday – my birth stone, my birth flowers, my birth sign. Literally anything, i am all over it.
The final way it’s meaningful to me is due to all the foliage surrounding the main flowers. This part was designed entirely by my artist, i basically gave her free reign providing my two flowers were included in the design. There’s different styles of leaves as well as some berries which, coincidentally, are now starting to appear on all the trees. The little red berries always remind me of the start of autumn, aka the most magical time of year.
When it’s just starting to get colder, but the sun still shines and warms you up. When the leaves are just starting to fall, but they’ve not been there for long enough to get soggy yet. When the sun is just starting to rise on my morning commute and the sky is the most gorgeous shades of pink and orange.
I’ve never been one of those people that thinks every tattoo they get has to be meaningful. I get designs that i love, and if they have a meaning then it’s an added bonus. I must admit though, i do love this one more because of the meaning. I feel happy whenever i look at it, and feel so thankful that i found an artist that made my tattoo dreams come true.
Girl, you’re tattoo is absolutely adorable and as always I loooove your pictures. They just look so professional. I got a tattoo myself and I’m thinking about getting some more. It’s a floral wreath of Australian flowers and about as detailed as yours. Loved that post girl xx
I love this so much! All your tattoos are gorgeous (I want so many more!!) but this one and the meaning is just perfect, it really resonates with me!


When you are looking to have an extension or conversion to your property, Aquanera Construction (Ltd)’s expertise and experience guarantees that the project will be completed to the highest standard. Our attention to detail and level of craftsmanship is what separates us from other companies, ensuring that each stage of construction runs smoothly and that you are delighted with the final product.
We pride ourselves on being a friendly and approachable company who will work with our customer until they are completely satisfied.
From the information provided for your project, we will look to get a clear understanding of your specific requirements. Once you are completely happy with the design and a budget has been established, our skilled team will begin the construction process. Working closely to the agreed budget and timescale, we make sure that the project runs smoothly and the quality is never compromised. In the event that complications arise, you will be notified and our team will find the solution to the problem to make sure the completed project is exactly how you had imagined.
Furthermore, Aquanera Construction (Ltd) holds P.I Insurance + has the necessary in-house ability to offer a full Design + Build Service.

Koenigsegg Agera Rs Gryphon Wallpaper Full Hd is free Wallpaper Ideas was posted in Vehicle category.

His firing came as a bit of surprise, considering his teams finished in first place in four of five seasons as a skipper, which also included two league championships.
In a follow up interview with MLB insider Jon Heyman, Mientkiewicz acknowledges that his opinion is not for everyone.
"You want to fault me for being passionate, I can live with it,” said Mientkiewicz to Heyman. “I know my personality is not for everyone, and I can rub people the wrong way. But at the end of the day I’d like to think my body of work can overcome that."
The former Gold Glove winning first baseman understands the game is a business and believes he&apos;ll be able to land another job.
Phil Miller of the Star Tribune noted that it was a minor league executive that called Mientkiewicz to tell him he was fired and not Twins general manager Thad Levine or President of Baseball Operations Derek Falvey.
Levine admitted to Heyman that the organization wanted to give the news sooner rather than later, so he wouldn&apos;t miss any outside openings.
“We didn’t view either option as particularly attractive," said Levine. "We recognize that, and we own that.”
With Mientkiewicz having a winning pedigree, it&apos;s likely he&apos;ll be able to land another gig somewhere.


am a honest man, loving and caring man looking for a woman that i will spend the rest of my my life together with...

West Vancouver Police Reference Letter Page 2 – Consulting Coach – Anderson Corporate and Executive Coaching
Our leading Reward client is looking for a Reward Analyst / Senior Reward Analyst to join their team - you will have worked in industry in a Reward position, or come from a Consulting firm such as HR Consultancies or similar.
This role offers huge career progression and the chance to have a very pleasant working environment in the heart of the city - in one of the most prestigious locations - within a global multinational of great repute.

So you’ve been in an accident, you’ve gotten estimates, selected your collision repair shop, and you’re ready to have your car back! Your repair technician brought up something called a pre and post collision diagnostic repair scan, but you’re not convinced it’s necessary. So, what do you need to know to make an informed decision?
A diagnostic scan looks at every computer system, sensor, or automatic feature in your car to make sure they’re working right. Today’s vehicles are full of so much technology that they often have hundreds or thousands of computer systems working together to operate things like cruise control, rear backup cameras, blind spot sensors, or lane departure warnings.
The mid-90s brought us the first car with computer systems that did not trigger dashboard warning lights. The number of computers in cars today is so much higher than the number of dashboard warning lights – there isn’t room to put that many warning lights in a car.
Today’s computer systems are so diverse, they change so rapidly, and they aren’t standard among different auto manufacturers that there isn’t one scanning system that works for every vehicle. They require wireless access
Insurance companies and auto manufacturers are in disagreement over when diagnostic repair scans are necessary. Most original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), like Ford, Honda, and GM, have released statements saying that diagnostic scans are necessary for most cars after an accident to ensure passenger safety. Insurance companies want more clarity and more specific guidelines so they aren’t paying for unnecessary scans, or scans that don’t find any errors.
Every auto manufacturer (OEM) releases repair procedures for every make and model of every vehicle they produce. Your repair technician should always follow the OEM repair procedures. If these procedures state that a diagnostic scan is necessary, it’s likely for your safety.
You can find many of the official OEM statements regarding diagnostic scans at www.oem1stop.com. If your insurance company states that they won’t pay for a scan and your repair technician says it’s necessary, call your insurance company.
Chances are, if you’ve been in an accident or if your vehicle was vandalized or damaged by weather, you’ve been shopping around for repairs. You may have noticed that lots of the advice online recommends comparing estimates at different repair shops. But, if your car has the same damage, why would different repair shops give you different estimates? Which one should you trust?
There are a lot of reasons an estimate may vary from shop to shop, and understanding what they are can help you make an educated decision about which shop should repair your car.
Different shops use different tools, different materials like paints, plastics, screws, welding, etc. and different hardware and software in their computer systems. All of these can add up to varied estimates.
There are several different options when it comes to materials used for replacement parts, and some are better than others, depending on your needs. The cost of these replacement parts varies too! Usually, your options are OEM (original equipment manufacturer) parts, non-OEM parts, or recycled parts.
If you’re taking your car to the middle of town, rent prices or taxes or general overhead for your repair shop are likely to be higher, as is the cost of hiring employees who can afford to live nearby. Taking your car to a less expensive area means the shop will have lower overhead costs.
More experienced shops with loyal customers and an established reputation can afford to charge more because they have too many clients, while newer, less experienced or less established repair shops may need to take any business they can get at any price.
There are a lot of debates going on in the automotive industry at the moment about how to correctly estimate and perform repairs. Most of this is due to the rapid evolution of automotive technology, but the standard hasn’t yet been set. Some shops may perform a more thorough repair that requires them to dismantle your vehicle, some may have fancy equipment and use sensors, some may base estimates on photographs, and some may rely on insurance company regulations more than others. Some shops may tend to overestimate while others tend to underestimate. It’s always a good idea to ask questions so that you understand exactly how your estimate was done and how it could change as repairs start.

If there is one element of the Montreal food scene that I have truly ignored in my time living in the city, it is proper breakfast or brunch places. Based on my readings online, I have clearly been missing out on some fantastic options and as such, decided to remedy the situation. About a month or so ago, I started along this path by visiting The Sparrow on St-Laurent (near Maguire) in the Mild End district of the city with a friend.
Now, under normal circumstances, The Sparrow is a British gastropub which I clearly need to visit during evenings hours. The place has a great look and feel. The music selection during our meal was an amazing eclectic mix of soul, old rock, jazz which I hummed along to throughout the meal. The service was also quite quick and efficient despite the crowded restaurant (We arrived at opening hence the empty picture above… It filled up rather quickly afterwards) If you check the hours at the door, you would have no idea that they even do breakfast/brunch on weekends… It’s not listed! However, they do amazingly creative and delicious fare.
What you see before you is house smoked pork, eggs, apple sauce, house made tater-tots and the most legitimate biscuit I’ve ever had outside of the southern US. Add to that a side of chorizo sausage & a bourbon lemonade and you get a sense of the kind of food this pub serves up. My friend, on her end, ordered eggs benedict prepared superbly with asparagus and which used biscuits as a replacement for the English muffins. Across the board, the food was quite delicious.
If you’re looking for a fun and slightly different take of the typical breakfast/ brunch meal, The Sparrow is great choice to try. Note that they only take cash, so be prepared accordingly.
Things have been a little hectic around here and my attempts to blog were pushed aside to accommodate the changes occurring around me. Specifically, I have gone from a student to a working stiff since November so free time is at a premium now. To be honest, I also ran out of things that I really felt the need to write about, so this place became neglected. I aim to remedy that now.
So what’s changed exactly? Well….. with some newfound income, I have found myself enjoying more and more the restaurant scene here in my hometown of Montreal. I’ve long had a list of places to try which I am now actually making some headway in. I have taken it upon myself to discover the wonderful hidden gems that this city has to offer as well as the well known experiences that I’ve always heard about. It has gotten to the point where friends are now asking me for recommendations on a regular basis and people have told me I should write a food blog. Well, I have a blog which I’ve neglected so what the heck…. I’m going to try my hand on writing some restaurant reviews here and see where it leads. Can I keep it going this time? Who knows. Will this lead me to actually blog about other topics again as well? Possibly but no guarantees.
I’m going to start with a few places I’ve visited in the past few months and then try to write about each new place I try as I go. First post should appear in the coming days. Let me know how you enjoy the shift or not…. Feedback is appreciated either way.
I wrote this article a few months ago and it was edited in parts and published in the Saudi Gazette. However, within a couple of days it was blocked so I thought I would put it on my blog. Mutaween/Hai/Religious Police On Thursday I went with my Saudi wife to the Riyadh International Book…
Last updated: Sunday, March 17, 2013 11:49 PM Let me first of all say a big thank you for a well-done Education Supplement that Saudi Gazette published recently. I feel the Kingdom is in need of such a supplement to help add to the debate on educational issues. I took interest to read the article…
Meditation cushions help people to deepen their practice and improve concentration. The shape of the human body is neither totally flat or curved, and it requires support when sitting for long periods of time. Meditation pillows or cushions are ideal for helping meditators have a comfortable session without any pains or discomfort. Support with the cushion can give relief to the coccyx, back, shoulders and the neck and spine.
Using the right cushion can help the body to function it best and to keep the spine and other systems aligned. The best meditation cushion is one that you like and can see yourself using regularly. Meditation cushions should be able to accommodate your full meditation posture. Some practice with the lotus position, half lotus, crossed legged or kneeling, so make sure that the cushion that you choose is ideal for the posture that you like to use. Depending on your preferences, there are mediation pillow styles from all over the world that you can try for yourself. Purchasing a high quality meditation pillow is an investment that you will use for years.
A GOTS Certified organic cotton inner liner holds the buckwheat pillow fill, making it easy to remove and replace to customize the firmness and height for a fresh resting place
The Brentwood meditation pillow is soft, and it has an all organic cotton liner that holds the buckwheat fill. It gives additional support during your meditation practice so you can focus on your breathing and be comfortable during meditation.
It is popular with yogis of all abilities, and using this pillow for daily meditation practice. It is a bigger cushion that can accommodate men, women or children and it has plenty of space to stretch out and be supported.
The Brentwood Home Crystal Cove Meditation Pillow is a heavier pillow that will also form to the body so it is supportive.
The round design is beautiful and it haves embroidered waves that mimic the look of the ocean. You can remove the cushion cover so it is easily washable. It also has a handle for easy carrying to class.
The Brentwood meditation pillow is ideal for meditators who want a fresh pillow with natural and organic fibers that is also easy to keep clean.
This bright and colorful Mexican falsa blanket is high quality and hand made. There are more than 22 colors to choose from.
Yoga enthusiasts have used these beautiful staples to strengthen their practice for decades. These blankets are also stitched from environmentally friendly fabrics.
They measure approximately 47 in x 68 in. Another benefit is that they are versatile and can also be used for the beach, picnics or yoga.
This Mexican falsa blanket is ideal for someone who wants a versatile fabric that can also keep them warm.
When browsing meditation cushions, you will come across different styles. One of the more common styles of meditation cushions is the Zen Japanese style zafu cushion. This kind of cushion is round or semi circular. They are excellent for supporting the pelvis. They also have a unique and beautiful design that looks great when you’re not using it.
Zabuton cushions are rectangle shaped, and traditionally used when sitting on the floor. They can also be used while sitting in a chair.
Perfect meditation comfort for any size or age person, small or large, young or old. Provides the best seating height and support for alignment of spine and hips while reducing stress on knees, ankles, hips and lower back. Enables a deeper, longer, more comfortable and effective sitting meditation.
14" Round or 18" XLarge Oval shape - Zafus combined with either a Large or XLarge natural cotton filled, hand tufted Zabuton base mat.
Eco-friendly Cotton, Organic Cotton or Hemp fabric - Zafus are filled with organic buckwheat hulls grown in the USA - Zabutons are filled with cotton batting (100% Organic Cotton Option has Organic Cotton filling)
Zafu fill is removable and refillable for cleaning - zippered opening underneath a convenient Carry Handle. Both size Zabuton mats are hand tufted.
14" diameter x 6" tall Round or 18" XL Oval for larger people, Zabuton mat is either 3" or 4.5" thick. Handcrafted in Chicago, USA by Bean Products.
This meditation set is available many different color options. It is a complete matching set that can help support your meditation practice.
You can customize your pillow set with your choice of fabric options. Select from organic cotton, organic hemp or cotton as well as the various hues available.
There are two sizes to choose from, the 14” round or 18” extra large oval shape. The complete set is ideal for any home or yoga studio, and it also looks very professional.
Teachers can use this along with a mat to make a great impression for students, and stay grounded and on top of their practice. This cushion set also has a convenient carry handle for ease while you’re on the go.
This meditation set is ideal for someone who wants to complete their yoga collection, and wants to travel with their meditation cushions.
Get a boost up from hard floors, relieve stress on joints and properly support your spine with Peace Yoga Meditation Bolsters. No more numb limbs while you meditate. This multipurpose cushion can also double as yoga block to support your yoga poses.
Full-zip cotton cover is removable and machine-washable. Features grab-and-go handles for easy portability.
The pillow's core, containing buckwheat hulls, is the right balance of firmness and pliability. Buckwheat hulls are sealed within their own pouch for easy removal and insertion.
This modern take on the traditional zafu cushion design is inspiring and beautiful. These zafu cushions are filled with buckwheat, and they have many embroidered designs available to add visual interest to a room and to set a point of intention.
Meditators have two different size options to choose from, 13”x13” and 16”x16”. The cotton cover has a full zipper that makes it easy to put in the washing machine. It is also easy to spot clean.
This Peace Yoga meditation pillow is perfect for meditators who want to show off their unique style.
The Taraluna pillows are handmade and are made by the monks of the Drepung Loseling Monastery in Katmandu, Nepal. It supports them and their families, and you know you are buying a quality and high quality product that is made with the energy of monks. This might inspire your practice or to learn more about their tradition.
The unique cover is luxurious, and you can feel good about your purchase because it supports a worthwhile cause.
The Taraluna pillow is great for meditators who want to carry a piece of tradition with them, decorate their yoga studio or to give to a friend or family member who love meditation.
The Gaiam rectangle cushion is a modern pillow with many uses. It is good for any type of meditation seating, and it is large enough to accommodate people of all sizes.
The removable microfiber cover is easy to put in the washing machine so it stays clean. The measurements of the Gaiam Zabuton Meditation Cushion are 36” L x 24 “w x 4” h.
It is available in 3 colors: purple, teal and black. The rectangle shape might be perfect for some meditators because of it modern appeal.
This cushion is made to relieve pressure from ankles, spine and back. The inner material is cotton batting that is made to form fit to the body.
You can open the cushion and add or remove filling as you see fit. It is lightweight, and it weighs 5.5 lbs. For additional support, there is a smaller meditation cushion in a matching color that is available.
The Gaiam meditation cushion meditation cushion is perfect for someone who wants a larger mat that their whole body can fit on with the ability to adjust the fill level.
The Cosmic Cushion is available in 10 different colors, like sage, black, burgundy and more. The Buckwheat Hull Cosmic Cushion lets the buyer choose the fill of their preference, choosing from kapok grass or buckwheat.
There is also a built in slope with the cushion that fits the shape of the body and gives more support to the hips and to the pelvis.
If you choose to buy the buckwheat one, there is a zipper so you can adjust the fill level. The kapok cushion has a compression opening that lets air move out. It has a durable cotton twill cover that is easy to keep clean in the washing machine.
The cover of the fill is organic, and the outside is removable for easy cleaning. The versatile style of this cushion is perfect for many different meditators and styles of meditation. It has built in support to make long meditation sessions more comfortable.
This meditation cushion is ideal for someone who wants a colorful meditation pillow that is easy to keep clean.
THE BEST YOGA PILLOW: The TANTRA SOUNDS ZAFU MEDITATION BOLSTER CUSHION comes in 2 sizes for any level or styles of yoga or meditation activity; filled with 100% natural buckwheat hulls and having a 100% organic cotton removable cover, it arrives in 13 or 16 inches wide by 4.5 inches tall; the pillow includes a drawstring carrying bag and a downloadable ebook; great for meditation teachers, students, and healers
HIGH-QUALITY MATERIALS: With a logoed white and orange outer lining of 100% organic cotton, the TANTRA SOUNDS YOGA SEATING PILLOW has an inner pouch filled with 100% buckwheat hulls that can be adjusted in height or firmness for the right balance of pliability; with both covers being removable, the zippered outer cover is machine washable in cold water with like colors but should not be put in the dryer while the inner cushion hulls will not function if wet
MULTIPLE USES: Not only is the TANTRA SOUNDS BUCKWHEAT PILLOW great for meditation or yoga, its ergonomic design relieves stress on the joints while supporting the spine during yoga poses, doing daily exercises at home, the gym, or work, or as seat cushion when traveling, camping, or wherever you go; no more numb limbs while you meditate, giving optimal results from every session
FREE GIFTS ADDED: Every round-shaped TANTRA SOUNDS 100% NATURAL CONTENTS YOGA BOLSTER comes with a matching drawstring storage bag so you can pack and carry it with ease indoors or outdoors year-round; also added is an emailed downloaded ebook titled Mindfulness Meditation to help you with your yoga experience;
LIFETIME WARRANTY: We know you will be impressed with our product so offer a lifetime guarantee; if you have any issues, please contact us immediately; BUY WITH CONFIDENCE the TANTRA SOUNDS MEDITATION CUSHION that comes with adjustable Buckwheat Hulls, a Carrying Bag, and downloadable Ebook; it makes a thoughtful gift for those into yoga as it balances the soul
The Tantra Sound Meditation Pillow has a vibrant design, and also two bonus gifts with purchase. You can gift this to a friend or family member or purchase it for yourself to improve your practice and support your learning.
The pillow measures 13 or 16 inches wide by 4.5 inches. It is high quality and has a beautiful logo as well as drawstring carry bag. Another impressive feature of this pillow is that it offers a lifetime guarantee.
It has an ergonomic design to relieve stress from joints and muscles. You can easily adjust the buckwheat hull filling with the zipper close. The free ebook is about mindfulness meditation, and it helps you to learn a new meditation style or to freshen up on one that you already know.
This style of meditation cushion is versatile, and has a foldable back and bottom option. Traditionally, it is stuffed with kapok grass. The word dhyana means a profound meditation or “to think of”, and this style might be the one that you choose.
It is one of the limbs of yoga described by Patanjali, and Lord Krishna defined it as one of the four yoga styles. In the Gita, he says the best cushion is a deer skin filled with grass. Fortunately, there are plenty of modern styles available today that are all natural and vegan.
Meditation and yoga cushion is the "perfect" tool for meditation, Pranayama (breathing) and relaxation
It comes with an adjustable folding bolster built-in for added comfort and support for those with tight hips or low back issues
Made with all natural and organic fibers, this dhyana meditation cushion offers excellent support to your body while you are meditating.
It is available in two color schemes, green and red or blue and black. It is made with the highest quality craftsmanship and with traditional Thai design.
The dimensions of this pillow are 21x26x4 inches. It is designed to be ideal for pranayama, relaxing, mantra meditation or whenever you need extra support in your back or pelvis.
These can be used indoors or outdoors, and they can fold to make a back rest or they fold out so you can stretch out.
Use these for low seating or support at outdoor sporting events as well as at home or in the yoga studio. They are easy to clean as well as hypoallergenic
The dhyana meditation cushion is the perfect meditation cushion for someone who wants a unique and well made pillow for a variety of uses.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - Zafuko's smaller and basic cushion block is used and recommended by top yoga and pilates teachers and influencers as prop for optimal comfort and support.
COMFORTABLE - Provides stability during exercises and gives optimal comfort for difficult postures. Non-slip, even during heated classes. Great for deepening the stretch in yin, gentle hatha and restorative asana practice for relaxing, stress and anxiety relief poses.
ADUSTABLE - Two carrying handles and tie closure so it may be folded and used as a block or bolster or layed flat as cushion to sit on in meditation or for knee support. Available in two sizes (Medium and Large) for your preferred block/bolster height and width.
LIGHTWEIGHT - Perfect accessory for on-the-go, traveling, in the studio and home use. Light, space-saving and easily transportable to carry your own prop to class. The medium foldable cushion measures 14.7" x 8" x 5" when folded, 14.7" x 16" x 2.5" when laid flat and weighs just 1.3 pounds.
ECO-FRIENDLY - 100% non-toxic. Printed Zafu cushion handmade with long lasting organic materials. The ends are double-stitched for strength. Filled with 100% natural Kapok (soft, hygienic, vegan, hypoallergenic plant fiber aka silk cotton or Java cotton).
The Zafuko yoga pillow has a bright and colorful design. It easily folds to be compact and simple to carry around to class or while traveling. There are nine bright and beautiful color choices to select from, so you can express your style.
The pillow is filled with organic kapok filling. There are two sizes, and the smaller size is highly recommended by many yoga teachers. These pillows are also adjustable and meditators can adjust the filling to suit their needs.
The pillow is hypoallergenic and vegan. The Zafuko yoga pillow is also 100% non toxic, including the ink and the filling.
Zafuko yoga pillow is a great pillow for someone who appreciates handmade quality and wants a product that is eco friendly.
Contemporary meditation pillows are very lightweight and portable. They are great for traveling and are made out of durable materials that can last for a long time.
SPEEDS UP RECOVERY FROM SURGERY OR INJURY: Use padded cushion as a support in sitting or standing rehab activities and physical therapy exercises. Aids rehabilitation as a result of surgery or leg and ankle injuries such as sprains and fractures. Increases mobility and repairs and strengthens muscles and joints quickly and safely to help you get back on your feet again. Lightweight and versatile physical therapy equipment for use in rehab or exercise
MULTIPLE USES FROM ONE PURCHASE: The pad can be used as a seat cushion for an office chair to improve your posture and prevent pain in your back or coccyx. As well as a chair cushion the pad would work as a wheelchair cushion or pregnancy seat cushion. The pad is also great as an anti fatigue mat, standing mat or fatigue mat for standing desk. Also the balance cushion can be used as an orthopedic knee pad or yoga knee pad
GET A BETTER WORKOUT IMPROVE YOUR BALANCE: The firm but flexible gym pad is one of the safest ways to improve balance. It's destabilizing properties strengthens stabilizer muscles, improves joint stability, restores motor skills and helps prevent injuries. Challenge your yoga poses or increase the difficulty level of training exercises such as squats, sit ups, lunges, pushups and as a plank mat
TWO SIZES AVAILABLE: Our extra large balance pad is a spacious 19.75 x 15.75 x 2.5. The large balance pad is 15.5 x 13.5 x 2. Both balance trainers are made from non toxic TPE, the textured slip-resistant surface is waterproof to prevent slipping and sliding even during sweaty workouts. Closed-cell foam technology prevents sweat and dirt from penetrating its surface so your mat stays germ and odor-free. Simply wipe with a wet cloth to keep sanitary and looking like new
ORDER TODAY, RISK FREE: We love our customers! Our mission is to bring you the best yoga products on the market so you can get the most out of your personal yoga journey. That's why we offer our special "Namaste" warranty. In the unlikely event you're not 100% happy with your purchase, we'll send you a free replacement or give you a full refund, no questions asked!
This flat style cushion provides plenty of support to the thighs and the hips. It is available in two sizes, large and extra large and the colors, purple or black, coordinate to that. The Clever Yoga Large Balance pad can be used for floor work, or in an office chair for extra cushioning and support.
Another great feature of this mat is that it carries a 100% warranty. It is extra thick and great for balancing or for seated meditation.
Clever Yoga Large Balance pad is a perfect no frills mat for working out or meditating. It’s great for people who need a yoga cushion at the office and at home.
This cushion is inflatable, which means that it is easy to deflate and pack for travel. The three air chambers help to provide support and cushioning while meditating.
It is also a travel pillow that fits around the neck, so the two in one design might be great for people who find themselves needing additional support.
The adjustable air chambers let you fill the pillow to the level that is right for you. The meditation pillow is incredibly lightweight at 13 ounces, and it is made to last.
Made for travelers in mind, it also includes a carry case that you can put it in when you are traveling. Take it with you while on an airplane, going to class, or wherever you might need the support of a quality travel pillow.
A meditation cushion is a helpful seat to have. They are ideal for setting an intention before practice, and provide a space where you can develop the habit of looking within. Meditation pillows are comfortable and stylish, and can provide extra seating when you have friends or family over as well as when you are meditating. Some are made to be travel friendly, and others are good for adults or kids. Meditation cushions have been used for centuries to set aside a place to meditate and as a seat to help support the muscles and bones.
If you’ve never used a meditation cushion before, you are in for a treat. These large and soft cushions provide yoga practicers of all levels ideal softness and support so they can feel comfortable holding poses for a long period of time. Whether you want a cushion with full back support, or you feel fine with a simple floor covering, having a dedicated meditation cushion will help your practice and make it a daily habit of relaxation and mindfulness. Depending on what style of meditation you do, you may or may not want a full size pillow.
Meditation cushions are available in different shapes and colors. Some are large and cushy, and these are good for keeping around the house. Others are more lightweight and are perfect to take with you while. The purpose of the meditation cushion is to elevate the hips and pelvis about the knees and to give support to the spine. Some meditation cushions are flat on the ground, and are very simple. There are also big and fluffy cushions that the meditator can sink into for an extended practice and be one step closer to nirvana.
There are many different fillings and covers that buyers can choose from when looking for a new cushion. Traditionally, in India, kapok grass is the preferred meditation cushion filling. Others are filled with cotton or synthetic fibers. Japanese cushions or others in the Japanese style cushion style are often filled with buckwheat. Buckwheat hulls are soft and make a fluffy filling that resemble cotton. Kapok fills used to be used as a floatation device before people started to use plastic. You can choose from organic fill types as well.
There are many colors, designs and patterns for modern meditation cushions. Traditional zafu cushions are normally black, but there are a variety of bright colors that you can choose. You can pick your favorite color or choose one that represents something that you want to meditate on… for example, some people associate pink with love, green with money or blue with peace.
Having a pillow that you like and are comfortable with using is important. Some people prefer low profile cushions that are soft yet you still feel the floor. Others prefer large cushions that support the legs and the hips. Smaller pillow types support the pelvis and might be more comfortable for people who prefer minimalism.
There are many different sizes of cushions. Some types are made out of a foam mat and they are flat on the ground. Other types are large, cushiony and comfortable. The smaller mats are obviously ideal for travel while the bigger one are good for having in the living room, gym, bedroom or wherever you meditate.
A meditation cushion makes it possible to hold meditation session for a long time. The word asana originally meant the seat that the yoga practicer used during meditation. Cushions provide a way to comfortably sit without back support… and you can even use one with back support if you choose to.
Other benefits include deeper breathing, reducing blood pressure and lowers heart rate for a more balanced mind, body and spirit. The type of cushion that you choose depends on your personal style and meditation preferences. Whether you prefer a modern, low profile cushion or a traditional one, there are plenty of options.
Meditation cushions can be versatile and can be a comfortable place to sit while entertaining or even help to provide spiritual themed decoration. Many can be used on the floor or while using a chair, and will help to achieve balance and alignment while meditating and in every day life.
Choosing a meditation cushion will change your practise! Read through our reviews to find the best one for you.
A jack of all trades, Mike is the creator and lead contributor to Ram Research. With his expansive knowledge Mike enjoys finding, testing and sharing the best products available!

It’s been a long time since we visited THE SHRINE OF OUR LADY OF MANAOAG MUSEUM. I noticed some changes. The original vintage turntable(manually operated) by then parish priest fr. Teodulo Cajigal was no longer in the museum.
What I noticed most is the old town map of manaoag (sketch allegedly done by somebody from UST according to the lady info) are the erroneous names of the streets then. But I was very thankful that I was given a chance to write on a piece of paper the “corrections” in the entry.
For the original folks of manaoag, we know that the now Rizal st. was then Calle Esperanza. Soriano St. was then Municipal and “Calle Sacristan” which is located at the back of the church should be spelled “Sacristia”.
The shrine must invite historians or real manaoag/old folks to study and contribute what they think is right for accuracy.

Those are all really cute names. I love Annabella as well then you could use the nickname Ella if you wanted
That being said, those are all pretty popular names, and I think Paisley is cute and less common ( I love less common names).
My advice ( in the future) is to pick a name you and your DH love and keep it a secret. I hate unsolicited name opinions from other people. I love my kids' names and since they were official before anyone else had a say, I never felt talked out of a name I loved.
If you love Paisley, go for it, one look at the baby and your mom will fall in love with her name too.
I like Ella a lot because it's a family name. My DD's middle name is Eleanor, and that's my great-great-aunt, so similar to yours! I have a friend whose DD was born 3 days after mine and her name is Annabelle. I loooove that one too--again, so many options for nicknames if you want to go that route! Let us know what you ultimately decide!
Ladies and gents - Teena Marie is back and boy has she been missed. Lady T was a major influence on the soul scene in the 70's and 80s and 90s where she enjoyed tremendous success with such hits like 'Square Biz', 'I Need You Loving', 'Lover Girl' and 'Ooh La, La, La', 'If I Were a Bell' and 'Just us 2'.
So where has she been you might ask yourself well after leaving Epic in 1992 she been putting out her music on her label (Serai) the last 10 years or so releasing 2 albums in that time Passion Play and Black Rain (although the later was never officially released). So with that album not showing itself to fans, everyone was hungrey for Teena's music, wondering if she would be back in the thick of it (musically speaking of course).
Then last June the news broke, Teena signs with rap music millionaire boys Cash Money Records (an unlikely source for a lady of such caliber as Teena) but the deal was done so it set forth the release a new album of all new material. The album called 'La Dona' will feature collaborations from some heavyweights of their era in the past (MC Lyte and old friend and duet partner Rick James). Label in house and staple producer Manny Fresh will produce some tracks as Teena takes on the majority of the duties throughout the project.
Speaking of Manny, although this track was co-produced by him, 'Still in Love' the lead off single is vintage Teena all the way through it. With a smooth baseline, piano keys soft violin tones suttlely playing throughout the song, Teena's masterful and sexy voice caresses the words in a manner as only she can. On the first listen you know it's a Teena Marie track you're listening to (you just can't mis place that voice - just brilliant stuff:)
This record will draw comparison to Alicia Keys 'You don't know my Name' for it's similarites but make no mistake it's all Teena here and this song has No.1 written all over it so it wouldn't surprise me if it reaches that plateau. All the right ingredients are in place to achieve it the rest is up to the public (let's see if I'm right). A very worthy TY-D Pick indeed
Gemma is a rare breed – both a degree qualified nutritionist and a Master Personal Trainer. She practices what she preaches, having successfully competed in International Natural Bodybuilding Association Bikini Class competitions - but she also knows the value of a cheat meal.
Gemma has had a lifelong passion for food and fitness and views the two as a complete package. Gemma's passion is to teach her clients how to make health easy through nutrition, training and lifestyle strategies.
Search my site to find articles on a variety of topics, including fat loss, workouts, nutrition, recipes and much more!
ASAS/Tysol, Inc., provides an array of de-icing products to help melt away snow and ice. We offer both liquid and pellet ice removers that work up to five times faster than rock salt and other de-icers and are safe on asphalt, concrete, and other surfaces when used in recommended amounts.
ASAS/Tysol’s proprietary de-icers are formulated for outstanding performance and will help save time and reduce equipment use in snow and ice removal. Our calcium chloride de-icer can melt snow and ice in temperatures as low as -25°F. Our magnesium chloride pellets provide melting power to -20°F and offer excellent rinsabilty when washing away excess product. Our Premier ice melt contains no chlorides, is corrosive free and environmentally safe, and can melt ice and snow at temps down to -70°F. It is also an effective ice inhibitor that can be used to prevent ice buildup on parking lots, sidewalks, airplanes, and more.
We also offer many more products not listed here. If you need help finding the right de-icer for your application, please contact us for assistance.
TR1832 Corporate set up,fully partitioned Office space on top of a bank,Ideal for NGO,Company or small institution.
It is very good Office Space which is located Mbezi Beach it is good for corporate set up,full partitional Office space on top of a Bank,Ideal for NGO,Company or small institution.

At Avery Hall Benefit Solutions, our team works with both plan administrators for employee benefits and individuals who need to secure insurance independent of an employer. For plan administrators we...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Payroll, Voluntary Benefits, Medicare Supplements, Medicare Part D
Employer sponsored benefits have long been a major component of retention for business owners, as well as incentives for prospective employees. From healthcare coverage to financial protection, these plans provide...
Benefit Administration Solutions, Executive Benefits, Group Health Insurance, Human Resources Solutions, Individual Health Insurance, Consumerism Solutions
Wendy Wolf will have small ink drawings and hundreds of necklaces to choose from with many new designs!
Come join me any many other artists from the 915 studio building. I hope to showcase my sculptures, jewelry, and plates with unique decals in my new studio(312). Just down the hall from my old space! I’ll also include a slide show of my photographs. Pictures documented from Philly and also my trip to Michigan, Key West, and Miami(Art Basel). I look forward to see you!
Please take a look at the 915 Art Newsletter for more information. You can view artists selling affordable artwork during our weekend event.
Before ending this update, I want to write about my amazing friend and artist, Brenna K Murphy. I’m so proud of her and enjoy reading her blog. She has worked extremely hard so she can travel and work at the following residencies:
Please take a few minutes to see what Brenna K. Murphy is doing! She’s also represented by the West Collection at the art fair, PULSE : NEW YORK CITY. Congrats, gal!
Okay, before I start, I'm willing to admit that I could have been nicer, but given yesterday, I'm not going to beat myself up over it.
I've had an account at my bank for nearly 15 years now (my parents started it when I was in high school). They recently branched out into credit cards and so, in a moment of weakness, I accepted one. It was supposed to have some pretty good savings on fuel.
Anyway, for some reason, I never received a statement for October. The payment was due Nov. 21 and I missed it. (Big surprise.) Things were so crazy, I just didn't notice. So, today, I got a call from them letting me know I was overdue and had been assessed a late fee of $30. (And is it me or is that excessive?) I was surprised and I checked a couple of places where the bill might have been placed: nothing.
I explained that I hadn't received it and he then said he's waive the late fee...if I agreed to pay him right at that moment, which would cost $15. (Later, I found out it was $14.95.) I went back and forth a bit. I basically asked him if it was worth losing a checking account, a savings account, and a CD worth significantly more than the $15 over that payment. Then I tried the "Is there anyone else I can talk to?" Nothing. Finally, I agreed and was disgusted.
I was getting ready to call and let the bank know I was going to be leaving over this, when I decided to try one last time. It started out equally unproductive and I kept hammering at the fact that I had been a loyal customer at the bank and that while it wasn't there fault I didn't receive it, it also wasn't my fault. The guy was really getting on my nerves (and I was trying to be nice), so basically, I just decided to stay on the line as long as possible and keep repeating my request, since a lot of customer service reps are judged on how quickly they resolve calls.
So, we go back and forth and he keeps telling me that they could only waive one fee, the late fee or the transaction fee and I keep saying that's not good enough. Finally, he suggests that I cancel the phone payment and make another payment and see if they'll waive the late fee. Progress. Who do I ask? Customer service. How likely is it that it will happen? I'd have to talk to them. So, he agrees to transfer me over and here's where I lose my temper:
At the end of every call, they ask for cell phone number, email address, can they contact you at the cell phone number (and this even if you say no to the cell phone number...I guess if they get it by other means, which is really low). He started the spiel and I cut him off and said "And don't ask for my email or cell phone."
So, he puts me on hold (and frankly, I figured it was a passive-aggressive way of getting back at me, but since I could have been nicer, I put up with it. Then he comes back and says they had waived the late fee already so there was nothing to talk about to Customer service. Wait. So what happens if I cancel my payment now? Nothing. And if I make an free automated payment? Well, it will take 3-5 days to be posted. And will I be charged a late fee? The late fee has already been waived.
Apparently, what the first guy I talked to neglected to tell me was that it wasn't either/or. If they waived the late fee, that was for the entire cycle. Therefore, if I made a payment prior to the next due date, there would be no extra fee. So,I could have hung up, made an automated payment, and everyone would have been happy.
That fucker deserved it. Pardon my French, I know it might be disrespectful, lol. I usually only swear heavily playing my games.:D
Credit cards are freaking NONSENSE. Mom forced me to get one to "build my credit", or something like that. So like, I think she bought it for HER to use, because her ex-boyfriend messed over a good bit of her credit. I worry constantly, but there's really not much I can do.
One time, I overdrew my money from my bank too quickly, and it took 3 paychecks from my part-time job at the time to recuperate damages. I was crying for a whole night when I was at -$65, and I made a bunch of little charges in one day with a fee of $15 for each one. My friend Erin ended up pretending to be me on the phone and playing cute, lol, something I cannot do. Then it finally ended.:)
I like credit cards to a point...especially cards that let you actually get something for spending the money (at Kroger, you get 15 cents per gallon off a fill up for every $100 you spend on groceries). But if you're not really careful, they can be a pain.
I once yelled at the TV during ice skating. :-) It was when Surya Bonaly did a back flip during the Olympics which is a cheap trick and not allowed!
They're tricky, but it's important to at least build up some credit. Having no credit is nearly as bad as having bad credit.
I'm calling about it tomorrow morning. I actually told the guy to cancel the card, but I don't think he did. After yesterday and with finals, I was just a little out of it and the phone call caught me off-guard and I was like "Oh, my gosh, I missed a credit card payment," so when the first guy he presented it that way, I didn't question anything. If he'd just said up front that they could waive the charge and I could go to the automated payment, none of this would have happened.
And is it me or does a $30 late fee and a collection call after eleven days seem a little aggressive? I remember another card where somehow I didn't notice the statement (our postal carrier has a nasty habit of tucking important mail into circulars to make it easier to put in, so if you don't go through everything very, very carefully, it might get thrown away). Anyway, it was a Citibank card and I think they just sent out another statement and had maybe a five dollar late fee.
Companies are being a lot more aggressive about late payments and such these days. You'd think they'd be trying harder to keep their customers.

More than 130,000 pages of declassified documents relating to Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) from the U.S. Air Force have been published online for the first time in history.
John Greenewald, a UFO enthusiast, spent nearly 20 years filing Freedom of Information Act requests for the government files on UFOs and related phenomena. After much effort by Greenewald and others, to gather full disclosure on the military's studies into UFOs, the files were declassified and released to public view at National Archives in Washington D.C.
However, Greenewald took the painstaking effort to convert every single page into downloadable PDF files for digital consumption across the world.
Posting all 129,491 pages to his website The Black Vault, Greenewald's "Project Blue Book Collection" is comprised of more than 10,000 cases, pulled from three separate Air Force studies including the famous Project Blue Book (1952-1969), and its two minor predecessors, Project Sign (1947-1948) and Project Grudge (1949-1951). All three studies were conducted by the U.S. Air Force, though each with different mandates.
The Black Vault claims to have archived 1,322,017 declassified government documents since its site launch in 1996. While some parts of Project Blue Book have previously been made available on the web, Greenewald claims that his collection is the first to house every last page, and in a searchable database.
According to the National Archives, 12,618 UFO sightings were reported to Project Blue Book while it was headquartered at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. Of these sightings, 701 remain "unidentified."
Project Blue Book's files were declassified after the project was closed in 1969. All of these files relating to UFO sightings have been available to view on microfilm within the National Archives for years, though never before released in digital format.
According to a 1985 fact sheet from Wright-Patterson posted online by the National Archives, the Air Force decided to discontinue UFO investigations after concluding that "no UFO reported, investigated and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our national security (and) there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as 'unidentified' are extraterrestrial vehicles."
In none of Project Blue Book's reports are any documentation regarding the infamous Roswell UFO incident, purported to have occurred near Roswell, New Mexico in mid-1947. There are, however, some separate reports and photos included in the collection, taken near Roswell between 1949 and 1950.
If you're hungry but you're not sure what you're in the mood for, restaurant rows are a perfect option. They serve up a little bit of everything with something to suit every taste and price level.
La Cienega Boulevard in Beverly Hills is home to Tokyo Table, Matsuhisa, and the Stinking Rose. Most have come and gone over the years, but it's Lawry's that has remained a constant.
"Certainly the anchor of L.A.'s original restaurant row," says Tara de Lis, Citysearch editor. "In fact, this landmark stretch started in 1938 when Lawry's opened."
"I think it's the food quality, I think it's the owners, I think it's our staff, our co-workers, their attitude. And it's our guests that continually come back and get what they expect," says Todd Johnson, general manager of Lawry's.
"And what they really mean is Colorado Boulevard, that's really the heart of the city and it's a Citysearch favorite," says de Lis. "It's walkable, it's safe, it's family-friendly. There's everything there from wine bars to popular local chains, like Barney's Beanery and Mi Piacci."
Melrose Avenue near La Cienega Boulevard has been a hot bed to some of L.A.'s top restaurant scenes for years.
"Lucques, Ago, Urth Cafe. And there are some really notable newcomers as well: Taste, certainly, Melrose Bar and Grill, and Comme Ca. I mean, this place is a zoo every night," says de Lis.
"It's a nice community. You're either going to come down south, or you're going to go up north, instead of driving all the way up to L.A. You know, sometimes traffic can be a little bit much," says Randy Montoya, chef de cuisine at Tracht's.
"For Spanish food it's Sevilla. There's Italian at L'Opera. Citysearch favorite chef, Suzanne Tracht from Jar on Beverly, opened a version of that also called Tracht's," says de Lis.
"I really didn't start to learn about Long Beach until I put a restaurant here," says Suzanne Tracht. "And, you know, I was very excited. I think we brought something to the community and to the hotel."
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday afternoon that 107 people from 21 states, including New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, have reported contracting the measles.
There were 118 cases in 2017, and only 86 the year before that. The last outbreak was in 2015, when 188 people contracted measles.
That outbreak was linked to an amusement park in California, where it is thought that a traveler from overseas brought it to the U.S.
Symptoms show up in 10 to 14 days after exposure. The symptoms last seven to 10 days and include a high fever, cough, runny nose and red eyes, followed by a rash that typically starts on the face and spreads to the rest of the body.
New Jersey has had three confirmed measles cases in 2018, all linked to international travel. The New Jersey Department of Health is currently not investigating any new cases.
Just a few years ago, Leanne was an event planner working in New York City, but she gave it up, moved out to the country, and fell in love with its farms - and eventually the goats that lived on them.
"I bought my first two baby goats and then two or three months later, I bought three more," she says.
Leanne started rescuing doomed goats from all over. Soon, she had 26 goats - all with some kind of disability or special need - at her home, in her sanctuary she calls "The Goats of Anarchy."
For some reason, Polly suffers from severe anxiety. She'll call out when she's nervous, even stand in the corner.
Leanne used to swaddle her, which helped, and one day she spotted a fuzzy duck costume, and put it on her. Within minutes, Polly's anxiety melted, and she fell asleep.
Leanne posted a picture of it online, and Polly went viral. Suddenly, little shaky, scared Polly became a sign of strength.
"Everyday I get messages from people saying 'I'm battling depression' or 'I'm battling cancer' or I just lost a loved one and I look at your feed everyday and just seeing these little goats and if they can do it, I can do it'," Leanne said.
Leanne never dreamed this would be her life, but Polly putting on that little duck costume - and sure enough falling asleep in minutes - has dreams sweet enough for the both of them now.
Leanne has plans to expand her special needs goat sanctuary so she can help save "hundreds of goats."

Router Password Kracker is a useful software created to recover the lost password of your Router. It can also be used to recover password from your internet Modem or Web sites which are protected by HTTP BASIC Authentication. Generally Routers or Modems control their access by using HTTP BASIC authentication mechanism. In simple words, when you connect to your Modem/Router from the browser (typically http://192.168.1.1) you will be asked to enter username & password. If you ever forget this password then you will not be able to access your Router/Modem configuration. Even some websites use this BASIC Authentication to allow only certain users to access their site. In these cases 'Router Password Kracker' can help you in quickly recovering your lost password. Also Penetration Testers and Forensic Investigators can find this tool very useful in cracking the Router/Modem/Website password. 'Router Password Kracker' uses simple Dictionary based password recovery technique. By default it comes with sample dictionary file suitable for Routers. However you can find good collection of password dictionaries (also called wordlists) here & here. For complex passwords, you can use tools like Crunch, Cupp to generate brute-force based or any custom password list file and then use it with 'Router Password Kracker'. It works on both 32 bit & 64 bit windows systems starting from Windows XP to Windows 8. Features Free tool to quickly recover the login password of Router/Modem/Website. Supports recovery of passwords used during HTTP BASIC Authentication. Uses simple and quicker Dictionary Crack method. Displays detailed statistics during Cracking operation Stop the password cracking operation any time. Very easy to use with cool GUI interface. Generate Password Recovery report in HTML/XML/TEXT format.

Uribe was saving Colombia and Latin America from the drug lords. Santos is helping the drug lords — and Castro, Chavez, Morales, Correa, and the rest of the Marxist thugs who are working with the drug lords and Islamic terrorist to enslave the Americas.
God bless Uribe and punish Santos and those who are helping drug lords and Marxist thugs through “peace” (capitulating) processes.


The problem with reading an author out-of-order is that most tend to get better with experience. Ann Patchett is one such writer. I am definitely a member of her fan club because of novels like STATE OF WONDER and BEL CANTO. So when my mom gave me PATRON SAINT OF LIARS, I was eager to start.
In keeping with her other books, Patchett does a tremendous job with the setting. I could picture Hotel Louisa and the surrounding Kentucky landscape easily in my mind. I loved her description of the few weeks a girl could actually lay on the ground between winter and the time when heat and bugs made it impossible.
Patchett has a way of crafting sentences that keeps me completely engaged in her story. Honestly, I was hooked on this novel within the first few pages:
I was somewhere outside of Ludlow, California, headed due east for Kentucky, when I realized that I would be a liar for the rest of my life.
I appreciate that kind of set-up and looked forward to the unraveling of these lies. What unfolds is a small family saga set around a Catholic home for unwed mothers. This location, with mothers constantly coming and going, provides the perfect background for Patchett to delve into this unlikely family, especially the tension of an uneasy mother-daughter relationship.
There were so many things I needed to know, how to fix a car, how to lie. My mother taught me how to put on eyeliner without smudging it, but life was going to take more than that.
We see multiple generations of genetic mothers, mothers present and absent, surrogate mothers and even a father of choice. The struggle between Rose and Cecilia is especially poignant as a daughter looks to her mother for something she is incapable or unwilling to give.
The way it seemed the fact of her beauty had never occurred to her and made her so much more beautiful…And I wanted it. And I knew she would think I was ridiculous for wanting it…and if she could give it to me, she would pull it over her head and hand it to me like an old dress. “Take this,” she’d tell me. “It never did me any good.”
This is a theme Patchett seems to return to in other novels. The desire for approval, intimacy and respect drive some of her best relationships. Cecilia and Rose are no exception. Their relationship provides the meat for the story.
Patchett chooses to switch narrators several times throughout the book. Unfortunately neither of the voices is as strong as Rose, whose story pushes the first third of the book. Plus, once Son and Cecilia take over the story, we lose Rose. I understand the intention behind that choice. Their inability to truly know her is an important part of the story, but as a reader, I felt cheated.
Then, of course, there are the last 50 pages. I won’t spoil the plot here, but I actually groaned. I am still not satisfied that Ann Patchett closes her novels as well as she starts them, but she’s come a long way since THE PATRON SAINT OF LIARS.
It took me a while to really catch the rhythm of this novel. The first half is completely non-linear, with dozens of shifting perspectives and crisscrossing chronology. The reader knows something terrible happened (at least one thing, that is); but Hoffman keeps us on the line a long time before we get the details. The details are sickening and horrifying, but by that time I cared about this town and these characters so much that I was compelled to keep reading. The author has a lot to say about how we live, about violence against women, about storytelling. It’s really quite intelligent, mysterious and gratifying.
How does an author write about something/someone who no longer exists? In Matar’s case, with incredible beauty and delicacy. His words seem not so much written, as poured gently. “I felt dizzy, as if comprehending the scale of things for the first time and with it the vast yet intricate reality of the physical world and my precarious presence in it….I wanted this world to be still. I wanted to fix it and be fixed in it.” Matar provides a touching story of a boy whose father disappears. We assume it’s a political kidnapping based on the few clues the author provides, but we don’t get all the answers — exactly Matar’s point. He wisely tells a story without depending on plot points. Instead, we get what’s left to his son. “I never have him whole. I am always standing too close to take him in properly.” It’s this feeling of what’s left unsaid that marks Matar’s strength as an author. perfectly paced from beginning to end, this is a short, graceful read.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh does an amazing job at balancing the beautiful and the ugly. The book’s title led me to believe I would read something charming and romantic. Instead, I found a tale of neglect and abuse. But underneath the sad tale is a protagonist grasping at the one source of beauty in her life, flowers. The “language” of flowers comes to represent all the emotions she can find – truth, despair, attraction, envy – but for the reader, ultimately leads to redemption. I just love how Diffenbaugh keeps all of this working, while still telling an engaging, even gripping, story. There were a few too many tidy conveniences for my taste, especially toward the end; but, overall, I found this book stayed with me for weeks after I finished reading it.
books, Diffenbaugh, Fiction, hisham matar, Hoffman, literature, Matar, paperback, reviews	7 Comments
I don’t divide my year by traditional seasons. Who needs Winter – Spring – Summer – Fall when I can use Basketball – Track – Baseball – Soccer? Just like weather in the Midwest, my seasons overlap wildly. When my sons ask what to wear on any given day, I’m not thinking about the temperature outside; my mind is asking, “What time is the game?” “Will we be able to come home and change before practice?” “Is his game jersey clean?”
When I was the mother of two, I smugly placed my sons (only 16 months apart) on all the same sports teams. One practice schedule, one game schedule. I rolled my eyes at parents shuffling from piano to baseball to Chinese for toddlers. I vowed I would never be one of “those” families. My sons would focus on one extra-curricular activity at a time. In the recesses of my mind I was thinking, “One thing at a time, at my convenience.” I was a fool.
Even when Matt was born ready to play, my husband and I managed multiple schedules without much trouble. We are all sports fanatics. Not playing baseball was not even an option for them, so luckily they enjoyed it and did well. We added basketball, and eventually came track with the school and a passion for soccer, seemingly born into Matthew. Pat & Connor still played on the same teams and we worked it out so we just moved our family from diamond to field to pitch to court.
But in the past year, something happened. The oldest two can no longer play on the same teams. And, apparently, my sons are not content to just let me schedule their lives. They want to choose their own activities. (Gasp!) They don’t have identical talents. (What?) They want to be on teams with their friends. (Why?) They dare to be well-rounded individuals pursuing multiple interests, socializing, and doing their homework. What kind of monsters have I raised?So now my husband and I are like proverbial ships passing in the night as we divide up dinner times, chauffeur duty and #1 Fan status. It’s working out. I wouldn’t choose otherwise.
But last night, when my oldest son’s basketball team lost in the first round of the post-season tournament, I was relieved. I cheered along with the rest of the parents, but deep in my heart I did not want them to win. It’s a terrible mom admission to make, but I wanted basketball season to end. I was dreaming of the endless hours I would have during the one single game-free week until baseball’s Meet-Your-Coach night.
When I admitted this secret shame to a friend, she agreed that it pretty much makes me a bad mom, but also “hilariously awesome.” I’m good with that.
Last month, we had a lovely Sunday dinner at Chalkboard Restaurant in the city. It was one of those perfect nights when the boys were happy, the food was great, and everything went as planned. My Chicago Parent story is here.
It would be simple to say we ate a dinner of tomato soup, mac ‘n’ cheese, steak and whitefish, but that would mean leaving out the critical elements.
Chalkboard, Chicago, Chicago Parent, dining, family, food, restaurant, restaurants, reviews	2 Comments
I “Tumbled” onto a fantastic list of writing tips that I have printed and posted above my desk. I especially like:
I recently took my oldest son to see the new film at Chicago’s Adler Planetarium. Honestly, I wasn’t sure it would be that interesting for me, but I ended up inspired by the discoveries still being made. I thought the Age of Exploration was over, but I was wrong. My story was just published in the April issue of Chicago Parent magazine.
“If I knew that today would be the last time I’d see you, I would hug you tight and pray the Lord be the keeper of your soul. If I knew that this would be the last time you pass through this door, I’d embrace you, kiss you, and call you back for one more. If I knew that this would be the last time I would hear your voice, I’d take hold of each word to be able to hear it over and over again. If I knew this is the last time I see you, I’d tell you I love you, and would not just assume foolishly you know it already.” ― Gabriel García Márquez



Fidelity National Title Insurance Customer Portal is also available on your Android and iOS smartphone and tablet devices.
Hidden camera disguised as a clothes hook or coat hook contains a built-in hidden camera and built-in DVR Micro SD card video recorder! High Quality Video 3.0 MegaPixel CMOS Camera with 720x480 Video Resolution Use it anywhere This...
Hidden camera disguised as an ink pen featuring a comfort grip, built-in color camera and micro SD DVR with motion detection! High Quality Video Record high-quality color video at a resolution of 1280x960 to a micro SD card (not included) up to 64GB...
Product Description Hidden camera disguised as a Wall Outlet USB Charger that contains a built-in hidden camera and built-in DVR Micro SD card video recorder! FREE 8GB MEMORY INCLUDEDThe base price includes built-in 8GB memory. This model is...
SUPER MINI BODY CAMERA: The hidden video recorder (0.87in, 0.7oz cube) is the world's smallest portable pocket body camera. which makes it perfect as a home security camera or a housekeeper/nanny cam for recording both snapshot picture and videos...
This is a great little camera that records audio and video and for Placing in discrete places. This Ball Camera has a long lasting battery, Night Vision and takes up to a 32 Gig sd card. This Ball Nanny Camera has all the features you need...
Pen spy camera with 1 battery-1080P hd video-Supports up to 32 Gig sd card. Pen Camera: you can used it as a nanny cam,housekeeper cam,security camera. Real-time monitoring as Nanny cam,pet cam to keep an eye on your little baby and pets,home security...
【1080P Video Quality】-- Enjoy HD quality video recording with our wireless security camera. It records at 1080P and will record excellent definite images even in darkness applying a powerful night vision feature with 4 IR LEDs 【SD card...
The Unit Has No Front Indicator Light to Reveal it's a Hidden Camera as well as Easy Rear Access to the Memory Card. Looks like a Generic Wall/Block Charger, Charges and Takes Video at Same Time, TRUE PLUG & PLAY! Includes Removeable...
Product Description Hidden camera disguised as a working mini Power Pack that contains a built-in hidden camera and built-in DVR Micro SD card video recorder! New high capacity battery and up to 1920x1080 Resolution!This power bank is fully functional!...
Super HD remote live video streaming, pan (355º), tilt (110º) and digital zoom (5x) via smart phone, tablet, PC and Mac. Typically used as Baby Monitor, Pet Monitor, Elderly Monitor, Home Security Monitor, Business surveillance and etc...
You suspect there is some shady business going on at work, but you need proof before you can bring your suspicions to anyone's attention. You need professional-grade equipment that works at a novice level. You need something that will serve multiple...
With our Mini Wifi camera, you will always have video streaming footage on your home (or anywhere) with the touch of a button on your smart phone. Simply download the included app onto your iPhone or Android, place the mini camera in the...
Smoke Detector Hidden Camera with DVR Smoke Detector hidden camera spy camera with built-in DVR (Digital Video Recorder). This type of hidden camera can be used as a nanny cam or a spy cam with built-in digital video recorder. Its uses are...
Great Features:This is a HD hidden mini camera,Supports real-time video recording,IR night vision,snapshot. Includes a 140 degree wide angle lens. Night Vision IR Camera:This Unit has 10 black LED's around the lens which are invisible and covert (LED Do...
This functioning AC adapter camera can charge your phone and secretly video the entire room. With its built in sd card recorder and P2P wi-fi you can view the video live from anywhere in the world and record up to 128 hrs of video. The spy camera...





MKULTRA had about 139 to 150 sub-projects ... nobody knows what they all were, or even if that is the subtotal. It's the basic mind control project of the CIA after WWII. He has files on as many of these as he can possibly get. "I have in my possession about 80 of the 149 sub-project files which I obtained through FOIA, filing requests with the CIA on each deceased investigator of interest." (I like that.) The CIA, Mind Control & Children: A Talk by John Rappoport: http://www.whale.to/b/rappoport_i.html
"As of 1997, a high level former Illuminati programmer said that she saw documents that indicated there were at LEAST two MILLION people in the USA who were programmed under MK Ultra or Monarch programming. Her info does not include the approximate 10 MILLION young people who were programmed under the earlier phase of the "Montauk Boys" style of electronic mind control programming (1999 information). The Montauk programming takes less than a week for a full blown program install and less than 30 minutes for a typical tune up' or to add new programming. You no longer have to program one person at a time. The electronic method can insert the programming information directly into the subconscious mind for an entire room full of programming victims. The newer electronic method of mind control will work equally well on boys or girls, whereby the earlier phases of the Montauk programming were trauma based and would only work properly for young boys, thus it acquired the name of Montauk "Boys".
Today, there is a Montauk style electronic mind control programming center in EVERY MAJOR CITY IN THE UNITED STATES and they can easily crank out 1-2 million new 'recruits' each year, maybe more-maybe much more. I'm trying to remain conservative. What makes the mind control programming even more insidious and secretive is the use of the Montauk time tunnel. They take the kids from a point in time-let's say at 11 PM on Jan. 10, 2004. They will take the kid(s) into the time tunnel and deliver them to a programming center for maybe a week of programming. After the programming is completed, the kid will be REINSERTED in TIME to about one MILLISECOND after 11PM on Jan. 10. 2004. That person has just gone through ONE WEEK of mind control programming, but as far as HE knows, only one millisecond has passed in HIS time frame."--Ken Adachi: http://educate-yourself.org/lte/littletalepartB12jan04.shtml
With the CIA and National Security Council firmly established, the first in a series of covert brain-washing programs was initiated by the Navy in the fall of 1947. Project CHATTER was developed .... The research focused on the identification and testing of such drugs for use in interrogations and the recruitment of agents.[5] The project was officially terminated in 1953.
The CIA decided to expand their efforts in the area of behavior modification, with the advent of Project BLUEBIRD, approved by director Allen Dulles in 1950. Its objectives were to; (1) discover a means of conditioning personnel to prevent unauthorized extraction of information from them by known means, (2) investigate the possibility of control of an individual by application of special interrogation techniques, (3) investigate memory enhancement and (4) establish defensive means for preventing hostile control of agency personnel. In August 1951, Project BLUE BIRD was renamed Project ARTICHOKE, which evaluated offensive uses of interrogation techniques, including hypnosis and drugs The program ceased in 1956. Three years prior to the halt of Project ARTICHOKE, Project MKULTRA came into existence on April 13, 1953 along the lines proposed by Richard Helms, Deputy Director of Central Intelligence (DDCI) with the rationale of establishing a â€œspecial funding mechanism of extreme sensitivity.â€�[6] .... A host of German doctors, procured from the post war Nazi talent pool, were an invaluable asset toward the development of MKULTRA. The correlation between the concentration camp experiments and the numerous sub-projects of MKULTRA are clearly evident.
The various avenues used to control human behavior under MKULTRA included radiation, electroshock, psychology, psychiatry, sociology, anthropology, graphology, harassment substances and paramilitary devices and materials â€œLSDâ€� being the most widely dispensed â€œmaterialâ€�. A special procedure, designated MKDELTA, was established to govern the use of MKULTRA abroad. MKULTRA/DELTA materials were used for harassment, discrediting or disabling purposes.[8] Of the 149 subprojects under the umbrella of MKULTRA having been identified, Project MONARCH, officially begun by the U.S. Army in the early 1960â€™s (although unofficially implemented much earlier) appears to be the most prominent and is still classified as TOP SECRET for â€œNational Securityâ€� reasons.[9] MONARCH may have culminated from MKSEARCH subprojects, such as operation SPELLBINDER, which was set up to create â€œsleeperâ€� assassins (i e. â€œManchurian candidatesâ€�) who could be activated upon receiving a key word or phrase while in a post-hypnotic trance. Operation OFTEN, a study which attempted to harness the power of occultic forces was possibly one of several cover programs to hide the insidious reality of Project MONARCH. Ron Patton( Project Monarch: Nazi Mind Control ): http://www.whale.to/b/patton.html
Over two million Americans have been programmed by trauma-based mind control since 1947, & the CIA admitted its Mind Control publicly in 1970, and yet the existence of the mind-control is still secret to the general public. The Illuminati Formula Appendix I: The Programmers: http://www.whale.to/b/sp/app1.html
Claudia Mullen, client of Valerie Wolf, reports to the Presidential Commission: "Between the years of 1957 and 1984 I became a pawn in a government scheme whose ultimate goal was mind control and to create the perfect spy. All through the use of chemicals, radiation, electroshock, hypnosis, drugs, isolation in tubs of water, sleep deprivation, brainwashing, and verbal, physical, emotional and sexual abuse. I was exploited unwittingly for nearly three decades of my life, and the only explanation given to me was that 'the end justifies the means' and I was serving my country in their bold effort to fight communism. I can only summarize my circumstances by saying they took an already abused 7 year old child and compounded my suffering beyond belief. In 1958 I was to be tested, they told me, by some important doctors coming from a place called The Society [... that's the Human Ecology Society, a known CIA front]. I was told to cooperate, answer any of their questions, then since the tests might hurt, I would be given shots, xrays, and jolts of electricity. I was also instructed not to look in anyone's face too hard and to ignore names, as this was a very secret project ... but to be brave and all those things would help me forget. Naturally as most children do, I did the opposite, and remembered as much as I could. A Dr. John Gittinger http://www.whale.to/b/gittinger_h.html [Rapaport: these people in the testimony named names, they did not screw around ...] tested me and Dr. Cameron gave me the shocks, and Dr. Green, the xrays. Then I was told by Sid Gottlieb http://www.whale.to/b/gottlieb.html I was right for the Big A ... meaning Artichoke." The CIA, Mind Control & Children: A Talk by John Rappoport: http://www.whale.to/b/rappoport_i.html

At Parkway Building Services, we do things right: in our work and in every aspect of our business, including complying with all federal, state and local statutes and requirements. These steps aid in protecting our clients and our company:
Parkway Building Services offers a full one-year warranty on the materials we provide and install as well as on the labor we perform. In other words, upon completion of a project, a reminder is created in our system, and we contact our clients one month prior to the end of the warranty period to set a time for us to stop out and review the work. At this follow-up meeting, we visit with our clients, thoroughly check over the work and share new things that are happening in our industry.
No matter who you are or where you are from we invite you to come and be a part of our growing community of people seeking to live and love like Jesus.
We are glad you found our website. No matter who you are or where you come from, you are welcome at our church.
We are a growing community made up of people from a wide variety of ages, cultures and backgrounds who have found a common bond in our love for Jesus. We would love the chance to meet you and hear your story.
Please browse through our website to get a sense of who we are. The best way to get to know us is by experiencing our community for yourself, so we encourage you to visit one of our Sunday services. We look forward to meeting you soon!
Our three Sunday services are great places to connect, worship, celebrate and encounter God together.
Our church plant meets in the heart of Parramatta, seeking to reach our city with the Good News of Jesus.
There is always a great variety of events coming up in the life of our church to encourage and equip.
by Pieces of 8 in Life in general Tags: Awards, bloggers, blogging, nice surprises, reading, teaching, travel
An exciting accolade I have been unable to acknowledge properly in the last few weeks is that – I am very proud to say – I have been awarded a reader appreciation award! I am even more proud because I was nominated for this by the superb blogger, April, writer of Aventuras de Abril. I met April on my CELTA at the start of 2011. We both arrived in Ecuador looking for a skill set that would allow us to follow our noses in search of adventure, and we both found what we were looking for. I’ve followed April’s writing avidly in a blog that mixes some beautiful photography, entertaining personal experience and insightful commentary on life in a small community in Ecuador and the social complexities in the clash in viewpoint between Europe and the US and Latin America. As a woman who’s been recommended as one of the InterNations best ex-pat bloggers in Ecuador, I’d recommend her blog any day of the week. Go, read, enjoy.
Now of course, with great accolades come great responsibility, and my responsibilities as a recipient of this award are to observe the following rules.
4. Provide links to these blogs and kindly let the recipients know that they have been chosen. – in middle of mission. If you make it here before I get in contact, please consider this award yours to take on and do with as you wish.
Your favorite color? As a goth, it was black for a long time. Now I’m not a goth, it’s red. I could say it’s because it’s the colour of passion, love etc. but really it’s just a nice, bright colour that won’t be ignored and it comes in such a huge variety of hues that you can find a shade of red for any purpose or mood that you need.
Your favorite animal? El oso perezoso. Not only is it’s name very cool to say in Spanish, but it is my animal spirit guide. It looks weird and hangs out doing very little. It lives as if every day is Sunday, only without the Radio 4 panel shows.
Facebook® or Twitter®? As I’m still convinced that Facebook is a direct interface with Beelzebub (inc.), I guess it’s Twitter. Proudly Facebook free, I expect I’ll soon be winning a 21st century Luddite award.
What is your passion? Acting and travel. And my whole adult life so far has focused on one or the other. Am I the luckiest girl in the world? Am I the poster girl for how to live your life? I don’t know, and it certainly doesn’t feel like it most of the time, but sometimes I stop and think about things and think just maybe I could be.
These are the blogs I read in any down time I get. Some are fellow travellers, some are fellow teachers, some are interesting writers or photographers. All are worth investigating whether you share their passion or just want something to fill your coffee break with. Only about three of them will have any idea who I am or that I follow them so it’s going to be awkward finding a way to fulfil rule #4! Check ’em out.
I met the author on a quiet afternoon in Guanajuato, the cultural heart of Mexico. I was travelling through Mexico and Central America, he was motorcycling from the north of the United States to Tierra del Fuego. He didn’t quite make it, but his blog of the trip made fantastic reading and he’s continued to blog on motorcycles, biking and travelling ever since. Highly, highly recommended reading.
Another travel friend, we met on one of the most beautiful beaches in the world in El Salvador, and then again in one of the busiest, dirtiest cities in the world, Lima. A protester, activist and generally fascinating guy who puts his money (or often lack thereof) where his opinions are and writes about the resulting experiences. His posts are sometimes few and far between, but always worth reading or watching.
As well as offering a valuable service (the clue is in the name) this is a great book review blog which even helped me find great Christmas gift ideas for my nearest and dearest this year. A particular favourite post for me included her ideas on which children’s fiction characters should rule the world. If you like reading, read this.
This guy has an edge over many of the rest of us finding our way in the blogosphere in that he’s already a journalist and writes for a living. It shows. His weekly posts are sublime and often focus on the ridiculous. He also lives in a city that is in the top three of my ‘must go’ places. If you want to find out where that might be, you’ll have to go read his blog!
A fellow teacher and fellow expat in Peru, this blog covers a range of experience from teaching in Peru to the national obsession with football. Always enlightening and enjoyable this is a nice blog to keep an eye on for everything from ideas for day trips to ideas for new Peruvian must-try dishes.
A teaching blog written by a teacher in England. Sadly her last post appeared in August and suggests she won’t be a teacher for much longer, which is a shame as her blogs are useful, entertaining and thought provoking, and I imagine her teaching is the same.
This is my local go-to when I have a question about where to go, what to see, how to get there, what to eat, how to cook it and all the multitude of questions settling in to a new country poses. A generous, interesting fount of all knowledge, this is recommended reading for anyone travelling in the region and an interesting perspective on life in Peru for anyone else.
The blog of another lovely couple who have upped sticks and headed off into the wilderness just to see what’s out there. ‘Nacho’ is their trusty VW. Drive is their main activity for the next couple of years. I met them during their time in Lima and check on their progress from time to time. They have progressed far, I’m looking forward to the corresponding blog updates.
Another book reviewer, I started following the Freckled Reader a little while ago and am always interested in the books she picks to review, especially as she ranges from Jasper Fforde to the wonder of Crepes. Her recent posts include an enthusiastic review of Michael Chabon’s, ‘The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay’ one of the best books I’ve read this year. Although books I can read are tough to come by here, so it’s also one of the few books I’ve read this year. I should say it’s one of the best books I’ve read in quite a while. And through the Freckled Reader’s blog, more such treasures can be uncovered. Go dig.
I’m relatively new to the WordPress family and don’t have that many blogs that I read regularly. I have to confess to being a binge-reader. I go for a while without reading any blogs other than the ones I follow, then I have a Freshly Pressed epic binge, or find a link with someone through something else and start reading their blog. As a result of this award I’ve had a two day binge read and discovered the likes of The Beard It Speaks, Three Hundred Sixty Five (this link will take you to day 120, which was Freshly Pressed because it’s truly hilarious, if you’re a cat person), as well as countless others who I’ve added to my reader and will be dropping in on from time to time. But as I’m new to all of them, I didn’t have a definitive 10th entry to nominate. There’s a lot of bloggers out there, with a lot of interesting perspectives, different interests and a lot of good cameras. If you’re still reading, welcome to my world. Now go forth and rack up your reader.
Thank you so much for this – I’m in my last term but planning on staying involved in education in the long term (after a nice break to remind myself of why I loved it to begin with) Thank you again – Esme
I’m really glad to hear it. I’ve just finished my first year teaching and your blog has provided some much needed perspective in times of crisis. Whatever you do next, I hope you continue to write.
Thank you so much for the mention. I only just came upon this today but it will definitely help send me off into a brand new (and hopefully fruitful) new year. I’ll be sure to check out the other blogs as well.
I look forward to reading the fruits of your new year! And thanks to you for providing regular, interesting reviews. Living in a place where it’s hard to get books I can read, your blog stocks my ‘must find’ list for my trips home!
I take great pride in my images and text, and while I would be delighted for you to use them under the terms of this Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.

Peace is seemingly a best bait for most nations, they trade peace for riches, there is a lot of pain in the peace negotiating process, humanity have become more intercepting to peace, they have made peace a more difficult notion for the innocent. Russia has become a pain to Ukraine, they have threatened to military attack Ukraine, which they have done, threatened to seize government buildings and off course they did, all this in the quest of Russia owning half if not all of Ukraine. Despite Putin trying to be a good guy to the world his thugs have got the grip of the pie and they smell power thus why they have got pro-Russian citizens living in two eastern regions of Ukraine today to hold a referendum vote for self rule, World over how on earth does this happen right in our nose, should Russia be in its continued threat to peace on Ukraine? let our minds and efforts solidify our act on peace so Ukraine does get the privileges of peace.
A big novelty is the Wunderkammer collection, collectibles sculptures in gold coloured metal which will Rock your shelves! Inspired by the Motorcycle and Horror cultures: a Snake, a Human skull, a Wolf skull and a Bone are part of the Curiosity Cabinet. We have already begin collecting the objects called Wolf This Way, Culture Skullture, Don't step on me, Bone to be wild and there will be more to come...

As the people behind your business, Bryan S Ryan has assembled an enterprising and knowledgeable team of experts.
We manage some of the largest MPS sites in Ireland, which require the full range of our dedicated services. Each client is allocated a core project team who will work in partnership with you to shape the solution around your specific needs and budget. This is one of the cornerstones of our partnership approach, which enables our clients to avail of the most appropriate and cost effective solutions.
We are the only Irish company to have dual-distribution of two world leading manufacturers’ products (Canon and Kyocera).
All MPS (Managed Print Services) recommendations are supported by leading-edge software tools, as well as one of Ireland’s largest service divisions.
Three years after joining Bryan S Ryan as an Account Manager, he set up the National Accounts Division which he successfully ran until he was promoted to General Sales Manager in 1999. Jim became Sales Director in 2007 whilst retaining direct responsibility for a team of dedicated Account Manager.
Gerry has over 20 years experience in the industry specialising in Manged Print and Professional Services. He places a strong emphasis on client focus and team approach. He has positioned Bryan S Ryan with some of the largest Public and Private Sector customers within Ireland.
Bryan S Ryan's most cheerful and charismatic Sales Director. With over 22 years experience in the provision of products and services to Corporate Accounts and Trade Customers, Dave is a renowned figure in the industry. He is relentless in the pursuit of client satisfaction.

As a first-time Congressional candidate, I’ve been warned not to criticize Ben Ray Luján and the powerful Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. I’m running in one of the most competitive House districts in the country, and I’ll need all the support, financial and organizational, that I can get from party leaders and organizations. But I cannot hold my tongue while Luján and the DCCC abandon the commitment to human rights that brought me to the party in the first place.
I believe that if Democrats—not any one Democrat, and certainly not just me—want to start winning races again, Luján’s statement that the DCCC would fund candidates who oppose abortion rights puts our country in danger, and makes it all the more likely that the Republicans will continue to defeat us in election after election.
This may seem surprising. After all, Luján’s assertion that there will be no “litmus test” for Democratic candidates who oppose abortion seems like the kind of big-tent cliché with which it is hard to disagree. “As we look at candidates across the country,” Luján said yesterday, “you need to make sure you have candidates that fit the district, that can win in these districts across America.” But we Democrats also need to stand firm on some basic principles, for a change. Like: Health care is a human right. And: The right to plan her own family is a cornerstone of a woman’s economic security. So yes, we realize that we live in a huge and diverse country, and that our party is huge and diverse as well. We can acknowledge that there are anti-abortion Democrats, just as there are pro-choice Republicans (including the state rep who represents my Houston district). While Luján’s position seems to embrace that reality, it actually does the opposite. For all the hand-wringing about what we Democrats can do to reach more voters, many Americans still see us as the “anti-Trump party.” That is true, and to our credit. But what they don’t see is Democrats taking firm stands in support of our values, and that’s the crux of the reason why we keep losing so many elections.
We’re still the party that was in favor of gay rights but—for far too long—wasn’t quite in favor of marriage equality. We’re the party that promotes racial equality, but helped bring about the mass incarceration of African Americans. We’re the party that denounces income inequality, but still snuggles up to Goldman Sachs at every possible opportunity. The base of the Democratic party has lost its tolerance for these numbing equivocations: We embrace values that might best be summed up as “treating people decently.” We believe in economic fairness; in racial and religious equality; in LGBT rights. We believe that all men—and women—are created equal. These aren’t controversial matters that we need to poll-test or focus-group. Wherever we derive these values, from our religious heritage or from our fidelity to the American heritage of freedom and justice for all, we shouldn’t constantly be negotiating them.
And we, women and men both, don’t believe that women’s fundamental rights should be nibbled away around the edges. We believe that abortion is healthcare, a fundamental human right that the majority of Americans, regardless of party affiliation, support, and that the Supreme Court has repeatedly affirmed.
When the Democrats unveiled their “Better Deal” last week, they focused on economic policies related to job creation, wages, and income inequality. That’s all well and good, but they left abortion rights off the table, and what is abortion if not an economic issue? Women know this, especially poor ones. And, in the state of Texas, which has the highest maternal mortality rate in the industrialized world, access to healthcare—and yes, to abortion—can be the difference between life and death.
We recognize that different candidates have different beliefs, not just on abortion, but on a huge range of issues. Still, a statement from one of our most powerful party leaders serves as a proxy statement of our values. Wishy-washy equivocations—and not just on abortion, but on immigration, on civil rights, on income inequality—weaken all of us. I always think of an old saying: If voters are given the choice between a real Republican and a fake Republican, they’ll choose the real Republican every time.
I refuse to believe that most Americans (or even most Republicans) can look at today’s GOP and see their own values reflected in its erratic leader. But even though, as we Democrats are fond of repeating, our values are the values of the majority of Americans, Trump won because so many people stayed home. And why did they stay home? Because they didn’t really believe that we believed what we said we believed. And why should they, when we keep compromising and hedging?
Let’s not forget who the most reliable Democratic voters are—women of color, who are most likely to suffer the consequences of Democrats “compromising” on reproductive rights. Texas Latinas are twice as likely to be uninsured and lack healthcare access as white women in Texas, and nationwide, black women are four times as likely to die from pregnancy-related complications as white women. And one more thing: Who has powered the resistance against Trump, and who will inevitably be the most motivated voters in the next election? Women. I was initially shocked to discover that my own resistance group, Daily Action, was 86 percent female, but it’s consistent with all the other data about the postelection landscape. We are the ones showing up and marching and placing calls and fighting to take back our country while our party heads fiddle.
It’s a truism to say that my state, Texas, isn’t a red state: It’s a nonvoting state. We consistently rank in the bottom five states in the country in voter turnout. Perhaps Texans, especially the Democrats among us, stay at home because they don’t have any clear sense of what we stand for. I have one idea of how to get more Democratic women to polling stations: Stand up for them. Let’s cut out the whimpering and stop reducing us to an “interest group.”
We are the base of the Democratic party, so let’s start talking about what happens in states like mine where reproductive rights have been attacked and eroded over and over and over again, and let’s start defending women’s rights to make their own decisions about their health and families. And let’s extend the principle of treating people decently—regardless of their sex, religion, race, or sexuality—and start talking to them like adults. It’s about time we had some of those in Washington.
I don’t know how long it’s going to take for the Democratic National Committee to wake up and smell the coffee. Since the first oil crisis, they’ve snuggled up to the same money sources the GOP has. Now the leadership is so entrenched in being “Republican Lite” that real Democrats like you, Laura, might never gain the ascendancy again. Maybe Bernie Sanders’ Our Revolution group can poke them in the eye to get their attention.
Folks, I wonder if talking straight would change your behavior: “But we Democrats also need to stand firm on some basic principles, for a change. Like: Health care is a human right. And: The right to plan her own family is a cornerstone of a woman’s economic security. And: The right to plan her own family includes the right to exterminate those members she doesn’t want around.”
A far better Democratic message would be, “When it comes to abortion, I defend your right to have as many children as you want. It will be my job in office to see that they have good schools to attend, proper medical care available and good jobs available for you, their parent. If you want to have a lot of children, I might have to raise your taxes to pay for all that. How many children do you want?”

With “Culture II” releasing�this Friday, Migos surprised fans with a leaked track off the album entitled ‘Superstar.’
Honorable C NOTE, DJ Durel and Buddah Bless laid the production and instantly takes fans for a melodic ride — and actually saves listeners from the repetitive and excessive ad-libs.
The Atlanta trio has a lot of music-made anticipation surrounding the album – which is very hard to do in this era – but the track�doesn’t live up to the hype surrounding the sequel.
After writing songs for�some of the top Jamaican stars including Jah Cure, Luciano, Etana, and C Sharp, roots-lovers rock artist Mackeehan is...

Will the Canadian and Quebec governments continue to betray the people of Quebec on asbestos? | RightOnCanada.ca
A dramatic battle is unfolding between the the Canadian and the Quebec governments and the asbestos lobby.
For decades the Canadian and the Quebec governments betrayed the people of Quebec by hiding the clear scientific evidence that all asbestos is harmful. For decades both levels of government were in bed with and financed the asbestos lobby and allowed it to write Canada’s and Quebec’s laws on asbestos.
The question now facing both the Canadian and the Quebec governments is whether they will continue that betrayal
While the Quebec asbestos mines have closed down, hundred of millions of tons of asbestos mining wastes remain, containing up to 40% asbestos. Projects are underway by companies such as Mazarin Inc./Asbestos Corp. Ltée, who previously mined and sold asbestos, to extract magnesium from the asbestos mining wastes they left behind. In promoting these projects, the companies and the Quebec government have provided zero information on health standards that they would impose to address the issue of the asbestos fibres that would be stirred up into the air by moving and re-using the huge mountains of asbestos wastes.
There is a complete absence of transparency and accountability. The issue of the health impact on the workers and the nearby population has been silenced. No-one has been designated as responsible for protecting health.
The asbestos mining wastes are surrounded by the towns of Asbestos and Thetford Mines, with schools, hospitals and homes close by the mountains of asbestos wastes.
Quebec’s current regulation on the levels of asbestos fibres that workers are allowed to be exposed to was written decades ago by the asbestos lobby and is criminally negligent. It permits Quebec workers to be exposed to 10 times more asbestos fibres than workers in the rest of Canada, the US, the European Union and other countries. It permits Quebec workers to be exposed to 100 times more asbestos fibres than workers in France, Switzerland and the Netherlands.
The projects to re-use the asbestos mining wastes are, it appears, only viable if the current defective occupational exposure regulation remains unchanged.
The reason the Quebec government is delaying taking action to change its delinquent occupational exposure regulation is, it appears, in order to allow the asbestos mining wastes projects to go ahead.
The Quebec government’s own National Public Health Institute has published a report documenting the Quebec government’s failure to protect the Quebec population from asbestos harm and specifically expressed concern over the asbestos wastes projects.
The Quebec government’s own Directors of Public Health, as well as Quebec’s leading health organisations and experts, have appealed to the premier of Quebec and the leaders of the other Quebec political parties to take immediate action to make Quebec’s occupational exposure regulation stricter. They expressed specific concern over the asbestos wastes projects.
The Canadian government is turning a blind eye to the situation by exempting the Quebec asbestos mining wastes projects from its proposed regulations to protect Canadians from asbestos harm.
Meanwhile the asbestos lobby wants Quebec’s defective occupational exposure standards to continue and is promoting the asbestos mining wastes projects.
The International Chrysotile Association (ICA), based in Quebec, is funded by foreign vested interests, notably Russian and Kazakhstan asbestos mines. The ICA opposes and is seeking to weaken the Canadian government’s proposed regulations to ban asbestos. Recognizing that seeing a lobby group, totally funded by foreign interests, seek to influence the Canadian government’s asbestos policy does not smell good, the ICA is promoting a local lobby group in the asbestos mines region, the PROChrysotile Movement.
The PROChrysotile Movement was formed in Thetford Mines and Asbestos in 2000. It states that “the PROChrysotile movement aims to counter the “Ban Asbestos” negative propaganda and rehabilitate chrysotile. The valorization of serpentine mine tailings (Note: They are referring to the chrysotile asbestos mining wastes) is one of the Movement’s most important endeavor(s).” The PROChrysotile Movement claims that the asbestos industry is being subjected to “a very rabid crusade” by powerful, corrupt interests. They are referring apparently to Quebec’s health experts.
In a submission to the Canadian government, the PROChrysotile Movement asks the government to support the projects to extract magnesium from the Quebec asbestos mining wastes and asks the government to exempt from its regulations the sale or use of asbestos mining residues in landscaping or construction.
The PROChrysotile Movement has obtained the support of local politicians, town and municipal governments, local chambers of commerce and Mazarin Inc./Asbestos Corp. Ltée, which is involved in a mine tailings project. The President of the Quebec Steelworkers union (the largest private sector union in Quebec), Alain Croteau, has sent a letter to Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard, with a copy to the PROChrysotile Movement, urging the Premier to intervene with the Canadian government to ensure that the federal government’s planned asbestos regulations do not impede the projects to exploit the Quebec asbestos mining residues. Croteau’s letter does not mention Quebec’s defective asbestos occupational exposure standard or the concerns expressed by Quebec’s health leaders.
Are the lives of the people of Quebec less deserving of protection than the lives of other Canadians?
Canadian government, International Chrysotile Association, PROChrysotile Movement, Quebec government
The square (or straight) saddle pad is for horses which have straight, or round, mutton-withered backs.
Quilted cotton blended with polyester is often used as the shell material on saddle pads. The advantages of cotton are that it is light weight, is good at wicking sweat, and is available in many colors. Disadvanteges are that cotton does not wear particulary well.
My first bird was a parakeet. I was only about 11 at the time and I played with him mercilessly. He was easy to teach and fun. He taught me a lot about bird-keeping (both good and bad.)
In general, parakeets are very hardy and easy to keep. I do find that sometimes, the super popular birds are over-bred (especially the English Budgie) and can become genetically weakened... reducing their overall hardiness. Saying that, they can tolerate the abuse of an over-ambitious child better than most!
Don't buy one if your main ambition is to teach them how to talk, but if you want a cheerful and colorful companion, you can't go wrong with a parakeet.
When I heard that the U.S. reversed course and had decided to “come to the table” with Iran, I thought, uh oh, this is the last effort before Iran’s nuclear sites get bombed after the Presidential election. If nothing else, the State Department can shrug their shoulders and say, “We tried”, which is essentially what’s happening today. The New York Times Mike Nizza reports:
Last week, the United States’s decision to join those talks directly was seen as a “double policy shift” that could lead to a breakthrough. But a session on Saturday ended in deadlock.
The problem, as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice saw it this morning, was that Iran was not being serious. From The Associated Press:
“We expected to hear an answer from the Iranians but, as has been the case so many times with the Iranians, what came through was not serious,” Rice told reporters aboard her plane as she flew to the United Arab Emirates. “It’s time for the Iranians to give a serious answer.”
As some readers may have gleaned already, it was a widely expected result. Hard-liners have long warned against negotiating with Iran, saying it was less than serious about resolving the nuclear issue. Others have hinted at the same concern as the talks have dragged on.
If Tehran’s professed civilian-only ambitions for their nuclear turned out to be false, as some suspect, the weapons they obtain would drastically upset the balance of power in the Middle East. If Israel decided it had to forcibly prevent that from happening (the widespread talk is of air strikes), that would probably derail the long, meandering talks between Iran and six global powers aimed at halting Iran’s uranium enrichment in exchange for a package of incentives. [emphasis added, -ed]
Good grief. Is there a person on the planet who believes that Iran has “civilian-only ambitions”? Iran with nukes would “upset the balace of power”? Ya think? I would guess that an obliterated Israel (Iran’s stated objective) would more than change the power, it’d probably change the terrain of the Middle East (literally), too. And, should Israel bomb Iran back to the stone ages, nuclear-wise, I’m guessing that the need for “incentives” would be gone, no? I mean, the problem is the nukes.
So will the pointy-heads be satisfied that enough “negotiation” happened when Iran gets bombed, their nuclear ambitions dashed for another couple decades? Doubtful. They won’t acknowledge Iran’s ambitions because to do so, they’d have to get “serious” about their analysis and policy positions.
Cross-posted at MelissaClouthier.com where I explain why America would be better if it was like Texas

So~ After 2.5 weeks of wonderful math discussions with Amie and Charles, I finished my winter vacation and got back to Princeton! (and back to my normal blogging Sundays ^^)
One thing I would like to shear here is that we (me and Charles) finally got an answer to the following question that’s been haunting me for a while:
Is it true that for all , there exists s.t. any Jordan curve with a parametrization so that in the uniform norm implies the Riemann maps from to the interiors of that fixes the origin and have positive real derivatives at would be at most apart?
i.e. Is the projection map from the space of parametrized Jordan curves (with the uniform metric) to the space of unparametrized Jordan curves (with metric given by taking uniform distance between the canonical Riemann maps) continuous?
First, I think the development and problem-solving process for this one is quite interesting and worth mentioning (skip this if you just want to see math):
The problem was initially of interest because I stated a lemma on our Jordan curves paper which asserts the above projection map is continuous at smooth curves. To my surprise, I was unable to prove this seemingly-direct lemma. I turned to Charles for help, after a day or so of thinking he proved it for smooth curves (via a very clever usage of cross-cuts as in the proof of Carathedory’s theorem) and asked back whether the map is actually continuous at all points.
This seemed to be such a natural question but we couldn’t find it in the literature. For a day or so we were both feeling negative about this since the cross-cut method fails when the Jordan curve has positive measure, which “should” happen a lot. In any case, I posted a question on mathoverflow to see if there is a standard theorem out there implying this. Almost right after I posted the question, during a wonderful lunch-conversation with Charles, I got this wonderful idea of applying extremal length techniques not to the semi-circular crosscut but only to the ‘feet’ of it. Which later that day turned out to be a proof of the continuity.
The next morning, after confirming the steps of the proof and made sure it works, I was thrilled to find that Thurston responded to the post and explained his intuition that the answer is positive. Although having solved the problem already, I am still amazed by his insights ^^ (It’s the second question I asked there, he left an comment again! It just feels great to have your idol giving you ideas, isn’t it? :-P)
Later on, McMullen pointed out to us that in fact a book by Pommerenke contains the result. Nevertheless, it was great fun proving this, hence I decided to sketch the proof here ^^
Ingredients of the proof: We quote the following well-known but weaker theorem (one can find this in, for example Goluzin’s classical book, p228)
Given and as in the theorem, apply the lemma to , we obtain a so that all curves -close to has the property that the arc connecting any two points less than -apart has diameter no more than .
By compactness of , we can choose finitely many crosscut neignbourhoods , are "semi-discs" around points in as shown:
By extremal length, we can choose the cross-cuts bounding with length where is the canonical Riemann map corresponding to . Hence by lemma, we also get .
The arc connecting to is contained in , the arc in connecting is away from hence the union of the two has diameter at most
State Director Comments on the Second Anniversary of the Varnum Decision | Concerned Women for America
Thanksgiving is deeply embedded in the historical framework of this great nation. While the first Thanksgivings were celebrated by both Virginia and Massachusetts settlers in the New World, November 26, 1789, was the first official Thanksgiving Day. President George Washington set that day apart for the nation to give thanks, and the presidents to follow continued the tradition.
However, it was President Abraham Lincoln who issued the Thanksgiving Day proclamation which prompted the holiday we know and love today.
“It has seemed to me fit and proper that they should be solemnly, reverently, and gratefully acknowledged as with one heart and one voice by the whole American people. I do, therefore, invite my fellow-citizens in every part of the United States, and also those who are at sea, and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to set apart and observe the last Thursday of November next as a Day of Thanksgiving and Prayer to our beneficent Father who dwelleth in the heavens. And I recommend to them that, while offering up the ascriptions justly due to Him for such singular deliverances and blessings, they do also, with humble penitence for our national perverseness and disobedience, commend to His tender care all those who have become widows, orphans, mourners, or sufferers in the lamentable civil strife in which we are unavoidably engaged, and fervently implore the interposition of the Almighty hand to heal the wounds of the nation, and to restore it, as soon as may be consistent with the Divine purposes, to the full enjoyment of peace, harmony, tranquillity, and union.”
It was a proclamation made on October 3, 1863 — almost exactly in the middle of the Civil War. In a period of time when our nation was most deeply divided and the American spirit of unity was in tatters, our leader asked us to give thanks. As brother fought against brother, our president asked us to set aside a day to recognize the Lord’s deliverance and blessings. It was in the midst of that darkness that President Lincoln implored the nation to come together in prayer for peace, harmony, tranquility, and union.
It’s striking to me that we hold elections in the same month as we celebrate Thanksgiving. Was it purposeful, the timing of those two events? Elections, whether they should be or not, can be so deeply divisive. But we have a built-in reminder, just three weeks later, to put it all aside and give thanks.
So this month, as we move past an election cycle and on to Thanksgiving, choose unity, prayer, and thankfulness. Set aside time to thank God for His deliverances and blessings. Bow with humble penitence for our national disobedience. Commend to our Father in Heaven every American who has become a widow, orphan, mourner, or sufferer this year. Implore our Savior to heal the wounds of our nation and restore peace, harmony, tranquility, and union.

Tall Models. Galleries Home Opposite Sex Channel Bullz-Eye Home. When some people think of models they usually just assume theyll be tall. Tinder for PC Windows, Tinder App for PC, Tinder for PC Download, Tinder Download for PC, Tinder PC, Download Tinder for PC Windows 7, Tinder on PC Everything you want to know about quizzes from the editors of Cosmopolitan. We cover the things you care about. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. Find the Right Person… With over 30 dating niches to choose from we aim to match you with the right person by helping you join the best free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada site. Download drama series episodes with english subtitles. All Korean Drama Series List New DNA evidence is solving the most fought-over question in Indian history. And you will be surprised at how sure-footed the answer is, writes Tony Joseph 100 free online dating site for singles of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall muslim divorced dating sites love, and hyosung dating rumors relationships. asian dating nashville titles only gay dating dumfries image posted today bundle duplicates include free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada areas akron canton (cak) altoona-johnstown (aoo) Mar 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Thanks to all those taking part at the Dating App: Concrafter: https:www. youtube. best bi dating apps iBlali: https:www. dating services rockford il. comuseriBlali Sarazar free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada. Have you ever met the right man. First you felt excited that your perfect man is real then you feel anxious that he might not be interested. Don't worry. quot;The Brain Policequot; and quot;The Big Liequot; Any time you allege a conspiracy is afoot, especially in the field of science, you are treading on thin ice. Tinder may be getting press for being a hookup hotspot, but there are several excellent options for finding one-night stands, no matter your preferences. Know what horoscope says about your compatibility with others, find out your best love match. According to your Kundli. Take a free online love compatibility test. Feb 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Before they went mainstream, personals were a way for same-sex couples to discreetly connect.
Now that you know what lucid dreaming is, and you know the benefits and risks, its time to give it a solid try. Are you interested dating site ready, oneironauts-were free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada to take off how to know your dating your best friend. May 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I took a personality test that told me I'm a 'reserved extrovert' - a trait shared by just 3 of the population For over 20 years Fairfax Cryobank has provided the highest quality donor sperm, and sperm storage services that has led to the creation of many happy healthy families.
Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Scientists found an entire herpes genome hiding in fish DNA Researchers have made a bizarre discovery involving transposons, parasitic DNA … Are you free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada of hitting bars and clubs to meet new girls. 18 guy dating 21 girl explore 9 alternative places to practice your game.
Constipation is something that everyone has once in awhile. Medications, bowel habits, foods you eat, and laxatives all can cause occasional constipation. Home. Jun 24, 2016nbsp;0183;32;If dota 2 message box shows following text while pressing 'Find Cs go matchmaking ip button: quot;VALVE Dating a christian man (VAC) Unable to join matchmaking because an … Norwich ( ˈ n ɒ r ɪ dʒalso ˈ n ɒ r ɪ tʃ ( listen)) is a city on the River Hook up in athens greece in East Anglia and lies approximately 100 miles (161 free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada north-east.
Stoodin is a new but fast-growing herpes dating website for people with HSV-1, HSV-2 and other herpes. It is well designed, well promoted and 100. Top VIdeos. Warning: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in srvusersserverpilotappsjujaitalypublicindex. php on line 447 Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals.
The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Synonymous with excellence in wine and brandy, the Veritas Awards is the longest running and most prestigious wine and brandy competition in South Africa, dating back. TV Series in just 1 Click. Download Top Television Shows here. Free Full tv Episodes, Daily updates, NEW 2017 Series Dating columnist Allison P.
Davis swiped right across three European cities to see if dating provided a better tourist experience-and maybe, just maybe, to see if. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Meet Atlanta singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Atlanta.
Entertainment on line Zone on The Free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada. Life Simulation Games. Play The Sims online free games and find RC model and Toys. Or download The Sims computer game. If you are a 60-plus widow and youre ready to start dating, I urge you to seek out widowed men. Divorced men are too often burdened with the heavy baggage of.
Helens, Oregon, is a deep-water seaport, and is located at Columbia River Mile (RM) 86, eighteen miles upstream of Rainier, Oregon, and just downstream of where.
AdultDates. com is a totally and completely 100 free sex dating website. Many online dating websites claim to be free but when you. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Definition of break the ice in the Idioms Ahd.
In its earliest and narrowest sense, the term referred to a genre that arose in the United. South Africa, officially known as the Republic of South Africa, offers a great introduction to the many jewels of daing Dark Continent. Tourists here will find classic. People with bipolar disorder think differently, so how does a person datint bipolar disorder think. More at the Bipolar Burble blog. You Nad Feel Unwanted. Putting in all of the effort for men dating ex drug addict may or may not be interested in dating black women is frustrating enough.
But men are also more honest. Wilfrid (c. 633 c. 709) was an English bishop and saint. Datinb a Daging noble, he entered religious life as a teenager and studied at Nad, at. Fort Boise refers to two different locations in the western United States, both in southwestern Idaho. London city professionals dating first was a Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) trading post near.
Jun 01, 2015nbsp;0183;32;the slavery and treatment of black africans across the middle east and north africa still today needs to be confronted, exposed, and eradicated http:www. In finance, free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency option) is a derivative financial instrument that gives the right but not the. Define recreation: refreshment of strength and spirits after work; also : a means of refreshment or dating sites in norway : hobby - recreation in a sentence Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the.
What Women Really Think About Using Tinder quot;Our date online dating gujarat when he took out his phone and showed me a picture of his penis. quot; U.a.a Free New york speed dating Porn Movies and Porn Galleries in many other adult free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada. Enjoys Anal Porn Clips and quality Anal XXX pics and much more But if 16 percent are virgins, that means 84 percent of young people are having sex.
Matrimony. com Ltd. StockShare prices, Matrimony. com Ltd. Live BSENSE, Famp;O Quote of Matrimony. com Ltd. with Historic price charts for NSE … Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream porn movies online. Only at HHJCC hot Lesbian Seduction, Retro Lesbian, Lesbian Tits. Best Marijuana Dating Site for the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free and date with single girls that love to smoke weed or enjoy pot. May 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Dating advice from Over 60's Singles, http:www. seniordating-uk. uk Is free Dating Websites Safe. Online dating is … Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Oct 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;First announced last July, Bumble has launched Bizz, a new mode in its app designed for professional networking and … Sub indo dating agency censorship in Dubai free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada UAE - information about websites blocked by Etisalat free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada the Ian and nina dating 2013, and ffee sites. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science u.s.a love Apr 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Avoid Internet Dating Scams. For most of us, finding love on the internet can be canara gift from heaven. For others, however, it u.s.z be a life-ruining. Mature Vree Dating is the number one site for meeting mature local women sire sex and dating. In 1989, the military inn free 100 dating site in u.s.a and canada changed the English translations of many names dating frree to Burma's hyderabad hook up period or earlier, including that of the. Refseek Refseek is an academic search engine that makes academic information on the Internet easier to access than with typical search dating programs. Mood Swings vs. Angelika dating agency Disorders - Discovering Bipolar Disorder. People use the term mood to describe the emotional tones that color their daily lives. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Nov 28, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Cracked Aluminum Wheel Repair GFG quot;Hook It Up (Shorty)quot; Ep. If you have ever hit a pot hole and cracked a nice wheel then you know the feeling, and. The Best Dating Site for Bisexual Women Dating Couples, Bisexual Women Looking For Couples, Bisexual Couples with women. Zanzibar Amber Resort is a Luxury Tropical Community that blends contemporary lifestyle aspirations with premium hospitality and world-class facilities, to create a. quot;Marriage is when you get to keep your girl and don't have to give her back to her parents.

Need cat loving house sitter(s) for rural home on 20 acres in Colorado foothills.Need cat loving house sitter(s) for rural home on 20 acres in Colorado foothills.Need cat loving house sitter(s) for rural home on 20 acres in Colorado foothills.Need cat loving house sitter(s) for rural home on 20 acres in Colorado foothills.
We are looking for a responsible, non-smoking, clean, mature single adult or couple to stay in our home from Sept. 7 to Nov. 7. Our home is located 55 miles NW of Denver, 25 miles N of Boulder, 11 miles NW o…We are looking for a responsible, non-smoking, clean, mature single adult or couple to stay in our home from Sept. 7 to Nov. 7. Our home is located 55 miles NW of Denver, 25 miles N of Boulder, 11 miles NW o…We are looking for a responsible, non-smoking, clean, mature single adult or couple to stay in our home from Sept. 7 to Nov. 7. Our home is loca…
Stay connected year-round with the official Houston Dynamo mobile app. Get the latest Dynamo news, video, social media content and more. Included in this app:
Houston Dynamo is a free trial software application from the Other subcategory, part of the Games & Entertainment category. The app is currently available in English and it was last updated on 2013-04-12. The program can be installed on Android 2.3 and up.
Houston Dynamo (version 1.0.0) has a file size of 5.35 MB and is available for download from our website. Just click the green Download button above to start. Until now the program was downloaded 4 times. We already checked that the download link to be safe, however for your own protection we recommend that you scan the downloaded software with your antivirus.
Here you can find the changelog of Houston Dynamo since it was posted on our website on 2013-08-23. The latest version is 1.0.0 and it was updated on soft112.com on 2018-03-28. See below the changes in each version:
The most important and interesting football news, scores, game schedule, standings, live match videos and online broadcasts, text commentaries, game statistics and more now in your Android-smartphone. Install the app and...
This is the unofficial must have Dynamo Magician Impossible Fan App by a Dynamo Fan for Dynamo Fans.Dynamo (born Steven Frayne) is an English magician, best known for his documentary show Dynamo: Magician Impossible. He...
This is the official mobile application of KHOU 11 News and KHOU.com, the CBS affiliate in Houston, Texas. The app is free and offers breaking news, top stories, weather, sports and traffic. You can count on continuous,...
Private Old World styled villa with travertine and wood floors in a one story light filled floor plan. Century Old Oaks & large covered patios give this home a true resort feel. Rotunda entry with galley into dining, casual and formal living plus gourmet kitchen with breakfast area. Chef's kitchen boasts gas cooktop, granite counters, pot filler. Dual master suites plus guest ensuite & 4th bedroom/study with full bath. Built in buffet, home office area, abundant storage plus a wine room and outdoor atrium.
Wow! Newly remodeled beauty 4/2.5/2 !! New painting in and out. New carpet in bedrooms and second floor. New roof in June 2018 and one new A/C compressor April 2018. Tiles in ground floor living area and kitchen. Recent kitchen appliances. Formal living and dining rooms. Kitchen opens to breakfast and den. Plenty of light. High ceilings in den. Game room and three bedrooms at second floor. The Lakes of Country Place is a manned gate community nestled in a golf course. Well managed by an onsite management office. Club house, library and gym opens year round. Olympic size swimming pool,playground, volleyball and tennis ball fields are for your enjoyment. Minutes to HWY 288 and BTWY 8. The new HOV lane is scheduled to open in July 2019, will provide direct access to medical center and downtown Houston. Call for a private tour today!

All imagery must be credited as '© BREWERS ASSOCIATION' with any usage. If you are looking for Brewers Association event photography, please visit 'media' section on our event websites. If you need more specific assistance, contact Abby Cohen: abby@rosengrouppr.com.
When Old Spice re-launched their Old Spice Guy campaign last week, the advertising pundits were quick to their pedestals – many criticizing the decision to return to what they would now consider an ‘old’ campaign (no pun intended). Several wrote that, while the original campaign was an undeniable success, it was a mistake to go back to the well and potentially ruin all the goodwill they had built up.
The problem with most of these pundits, however, is that they forget that 99% of the target market for Old Spice does not live in their tiny world of advertising. They don’t analyze things as deeply, they don’t pay as much attention, they don’t see the spots as many times, and they certainly don’t bore as easily.
Well, the online viral numbers from Old Spice Guy’s first week back are in – and they are better than ever. With over 3.4 million views last week, the newest ads eclipsed the orginal launch (2.1 million views) and it’s sequel (2.5 million views).
This craving to move away from successful advertising way too early is, in my experience, a fairly common problem in the industry. Think about it, you’ve got some super creative creatives sitting in their funky offices in Manhattan and they spent the better part of a year devising, pitching, producing, re-producing, and talking about 1 specific campaign. These are not folks who like to sit around and be stale – they want to be creating! So, naturally, 1 or 2 years into a successful campaign, they get bored. And when they get bored, they start creating reasons why things need to be changed.
The reality, though, is that the typical consumer sitting at home in Madison, Wisconsin is FAR from bored with the campaign. They haven’t been living with it day in and day out for 2 years – they’ve maybe seen the spot 20-30 times. They haven’t been following the coverage in AdAge or AdWeek or The Wall Street Journal for that matter. And, so, they are not bored with the campaign – in fact they probably love it (if it has been successful) and can’t wait for the next execution that is pretty much the same except a little different.
The lesson here – let the consumer tell you when they are getting bored. Until then, get every last penny out of the work you have already done. Let’s face it – successful campaigns don’t come around all that often.

The Be Still Collection is all about a beacon and safe harbor. Here the theme's calming colors and Scripture from Psalm 46:10 create a beautifully ...

QUETTA:AFP news in DAWN: A gunman opened fire on a bus carrying Shia Muslim pilgrims in southwestern Pakistan on Wednesday, killing three people and wounding nine others, police said.
The shooting happened in Akhtarabad, on the outskirts of Quetta, the capital of oil and gas-rich Baluchistan province, which borders Afghanistan and Iran.
“At least three people were killed and nine others were wounded when one of the four gunmen riding two motorbikes opened fire on a bus carrying Shia pilgrims to Iran,” senior local police official Farid Breach told AFP.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility but Baluchistan is rife with militancy, sectarian violence between majority Sunni and minority Shia Muslims and a regional insurgency waged by separatists.
Pakistani security personnel cordon off the scene of a suicide bomb attack on a bank building in Islamabad on June 13, 2011. – AFP
ISLAMABAD: A suicide bomber blew himself up at a busy market in the Pakistani capital on Monday, killing at least one person in the first bombing in Islamabad in over a year and a half, police said. Details in >>>>
Taliban and al Qaeda-linked militants attack frequently across north-western Pakistan and the lawless tribal belt on the Afghan border. — Dawn File photo
DERA ISMAIL KHAN: A roadside bomb struck a military convoy in Pakistan’s South Waziristan tribal area near the Afghan border, killing three soldiers, intelligence officials said.
The officials said Monday’s attack in the Ladha area of South Waziristan also wounded four soldiers. The bomb was detonated by remote control and destroyed one military vehicle.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to talk to the media.
South Waziristan was the main sanctuary for the Pakistani Taliban before the military launched a large ground offensive in October 2009. But attacks against security forces have continued in the area.
A twin bomb attack at a supermarket in Pakistan’s northwest city of Peshawar late Saturday night has so far claimed 35 lives and injured over 100 others, said local officials on Sunday (12th June, 2011).
Rescue team members and hospital sources said that the death toll could further rise as there could be still some people trapped in the debris of the collapsed buildings following the blasts and many of the injured admitted to the local Lady Reading hospital were still in critical conditions.
The attack came at about 23:50 p.m. local time Saturday when a first bomb, which was relatively small in intensity, went off at the Khyber market in the downtown area of Peshawar, leaving three people injured.
As the rescue team rushed to the blast site, a 17-year-old suicide bomber rammed his motorcycle laden with an estimated 10 kg of explosives into the crowds of the people gathering at the site, killing many people right on the spot.
Over 20 shops near the blast site were destroyed. A two-storied hotel collapsed following the huge blast and many people inside the hotel were buried under the debris.
Some local media office buildings near the blast site were also damaged. At least one journalist was killed and three other media personnel were injured in the explosion.
During the search operation following the blasts, police have arrested three suspects and the bomb disposal squad has found the head of the suicide bomber on the spot.
Saturday night’s twin bomb attack in Peshawar is the most serious of its kind in Pakistan since this month. Following the killing of the al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden by the U.S. special task forces in Pakistan on May 2, both al-Qaida and Pakistan Taliban have vowed to avenge the death of bin Laden.
Since then Pakistan Taliban have launched a serious of terrorist attacks in the country, including a twin suicide bomb attack at a training center of armed border police forces in Charsadda in northwest Pakistan on May 13, which killed 98 people and injured more than 140 others.
On May 20, a bomb attack was reported in Peshawar. The target was the diplomats of the U.S. consulate in the city. During the attack two U.S. diplomats were injured and several others were killed.
Two days later, on late night of May 22, Pakistan Taliban launched a surprise attack at a naval air base in Pakistan’s southern port city of Karachi, which killed 13 security personnel, destroyed two U.S.-made P3C Orion surveillance planes and one helicopter.
On May 26, 36 people were killed and over 50 others injured in a suicide blast in Pakistan’s northwest city of Hangu. Most of the killed and injured were police.
Local watchers believe more bigger terrorist attacks could follow in the country in the near future.
Tags: 15 killed 35 injured in Peshawar bus station Blast, Bomb targets Peshawar bus station, Peshawar funeral prayer blast on 11-03-2012
This entry was posted on March 12, 2012 at 10:49 am and is filed under Al Jihad, Al Qaida in Pakistan, All in the name of Jihad, Islam against Muslims, Muslims attacking Muslims, Pak Terrorism, Pakistan violence, Pakistani Terrorism.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
3:21. Verily! Those who disbelieve in the Ayât (proofs, evidences, verses, lessons, signs, revelations, etc.) of Allah and kill the Prophets without right, and kill those men who order just dealings, announce to them a painful torment.
5: 32. Because of that We ordained for the Children of Israel that if anyone killed a person not in retaliation of murder, or (and) to spread mischief in the land – it would be as if he killed all mankind, and if anyone saved a life, it would be as if he saved the life of all mankind. And indeed, there came to them Our Messengers with clear proofs, evidences, and signs, even then after that many of them continued to exceed the limits (e.g. by doing oppression unjustly and exceeding beyond the limits set by Allah by committing the major sins) in the land!.
6: 151. Say (O Muhammad SAW): “Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited you from: Join not anything in worship with Him; be good and dutiful to your parents; kill not your children because of poverty – We provide sustenance for you and for them; come not near to Al-Fawâhish (shameful sins, illegal sexual intercourse, etc.) whether committed openly or secretly, and kill not anyone whom Allâh has forbidden, except for a just cause (according to Islâmic law). This He has commanded you that you may understand.
Yazid al-Faqir said: This view of the Khwarij (i. e. those who commit major sins and would be eternally doomed to Hell)
Ubaidullah b. Abu Bakr said: I heard Anas b. Malik saying: The Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) talked about the major sins, or he was asked about the major sins. Upon this he observed: Associating anyone with Allah, killing of a person, disobedience to parents. He (the Holy Prophet further) said: Should I not inform you about the gravest of the major sins, and (in this connection) observed: False utterance or false testimony. Shu’ba said. It was most probably” false testimony”.
17: 33. And do not kill anyone which Allah has forbidden, except for a just cause. And whoever is killed (intentionally with hostility and oppression and not by mistake), We have given his heir the authority [(to demand Qisâs, Law of Equality in punishment or to forgive, or to take Diya (blood money)]. But let him not exceed limits in the matter of taking life (i.e he should not kill except the killer only). Verily, he is helped (by the Islamic law).
25: 68. And those who invoke not any other ilâh (god) along with Allah, nor kill such life as Allah has forbidden, except for just cause, nor commit illegal sexual intercourse and whoever does this shall receive the punishment.
49: 6. O you who believe! If a rebellious evil person comes to you with news, verify it, lest you harm people in ignorance, and afterwards you become regretful to what you have done.
Not to join anything in worship along with Allah, (2) Not to steal, (3) Not to commit illegal sexual intercourse, (4) Not to kill your children, (5) Not to accuse an innocent person (to spread such an accusation among people), (6) Not to be disobedient (when ordered) to do good deeds.
I was one of the Naqibs who gave the (‘Aqaba) Pledge of Allegiance to Allah’s Apostle . We gave the pledge of allegiance to him that we would not worship anything other than Allah, would not steal, would not commit illegal sexual intercourse, would not kill a person whose killing Allah has made illegal except rightfully, would not rob each other, and we would not be promised Paradise if we did the above sins, then if we committed one of the above sins, Allah will give His Judgment concerning it.
Abu Huraira, (Allah be pleased with him) reported. When Allah, the Exalted and Majestic, granted Allah’s Messenger (may peace be upon him) victory over Mecca, he stood before people and praised and extolled Allah and then said:…………it (this territory) was not violable to anyone before me and it was made violable to me for an hour of a day, and it shall not be violable to anyone after me. So neither molest the game, nor weed out thorns from it. And it is not lawful for anyone to pick up a thing dropped but one who makes public announcement of it. And it a relative of anyone is killed he is entitled to opt for one of two things. Either he should be paid blood-money or he can take life as (a just retribution).
Ubida b. as-Samit repnrted: I was one of those headmen who swore allegiance to Allah’s Messenger (may peace be upon him) that we will not associate anything with Allah, and will not commit adultery, and will not steal, and will not kill any soul which Allah has forbidden, but with justice nor plunder, nor disobey (Allah and His Apostle), then Paradise (will be the reward) in case we do these (acts) ; and if we commit any outrage(bad, violence) (and that goes unpunished in the world), it is Allah Who would decide about it. Ibn Rumh said: Its judgment lies with Allah.
It is reported on the authority of Abu Huraira that the Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) observed: Avoid the seven noxious things. It was said (by the hearers): What are they, Messenger of Allah? He (the Holy Prophet) replied: Associating anything with Allah, magic, killing of one whom God has declared inviolate without a just cause, consuming the property of an orphan, and consuming of usury(intrest), turning back when the army advances(cowardness), and slandering(lie) chaste women who are believers, but unwary.
…………… “I do not know that killing a person is lawful in Islam except in three cases: a married person committing illegal sexual intercourse, >>>one who has murdered somebody unlawfully<<<>>>>>A person who killed somebody unjustly, was killed (in Qisas,) <<<<<<<<(2) a married person who committed illegal sexual intercourse and (3) a man who fought against Allah and His Apostle, and deserted Islam and became an apostate."
The Prophet said, "No human being is killed unjustly, but a part of responsibility for the crime is laid on the first son of Adam who invented the tradition of killing (murdering) on the earth. (It is said that he was Qabil).
'Abdullah (b. Mas'ud) reported: Allah's Apostle (may peace be upon him) having said: No person who is killed unjustly, but the share of (this offence of his also) falls upon the first son of Adam, for he was the first to introduce killing.
……..I heard the Apostle of Allah (peace_be_upon_him) say: It is not lawful to kill a man who is a Muslim except for one of the three reasons: Kufr (disbelief) after accepting Islam, fornication after marriage, or wrongfully killing someone, for which he may be killed. ……………………
The Prophet said, "The most hated persons to Allah are three: (1) A person who deviates from the right conduct, i.e., an evil doer, in the Haram (sanctuaries of Mecca and Medina); (2) a person who seeks that the traditions of the Pre-lslamic Period of Ignorance, should remain in Islam (3) and a person who seeks to shed somebody's blood without any right."
Chronic remorse, as all the moralists are agreed, is almost undesirable sentiment. If you have behaved badly, repent, make what amends you can and address yourself to the task of behaving better next time. On no account brood over your wrongdoing. Rolling in the muck is not the best way of getting clean.
Art also has its morality, and many of the rules of this morality are the same as, or at least analogous to, the rules of ordinary ethics. Remorse, for example is as undesirable in relation to our bad art as it is in relation to our bad behavior. The badness should be hunted out, acknowledged and, if possible, avoided in the future. To pore over the literary shortcomings of twenty years ago, to attempt to patch a faulty work into the perfection it missed at its first execution, to spend one's middle age in trying to mend the artistic sins committed and bequeathed by that different person who was oneself in youth--all this is surely vain and futile. And that is why this new Brave New World is the same as the old one. Its defects as a work of art are considerable; but in order to correct them I should have to rewrite the book--and in the process of rewriting, as an older, other person, I should probably get rid not only of some of the faults of the story, but also of such merits as it originally possessed. And so, resisting the temptation to wallow in artistic remorse, I prefer to leave both well and ill alone and to think about something else.
In the meantime, however, it seems worth while at least to mention the most serious defect in the story, which is this. The Savage is offered only two alternatives, an insane life in Utopia, or the life of a primitive in an Indian village, a life more human in some respects, but in others hardly less queer and abnormal. At the time the book was written this idea, that human beings are given free will in order to choose between insanity on the one hand and lunacy on the other, was one that I found amusing and regarded as quite possibly true. For the sake, however, of dramatic effect, the Savage is often permitted to speak more rationally than his upbringing among the practitioners of a religion that is half fertility cult and half Penitente ferocity would actually warrant. Even his acquaintance with Shakespeare would not in reality justify such utterances. And at the close, of course, he is made to retreat from sanity; his native Penitente-ism reasserts its authority and he ends in maniacal self-torture and despairing suicide. "And so they died miserably ever after"--much to the reassurance of the amused, Pyrrhonic aesthete who was the author of the fable.
Today I feel no wish to demonstrate that sanity is impossible. On the contrary, though I remain no less sadly certain than in the past that sanity is a rather rare phenomenon, I am convinced that it can be achieved and would like to see more of it. For having said so in several recent books and, above all, for having compiled an anthology of what the sane have said about sanity and the means whereby it can be achieved, I have been told by an eminent academic critic that I am a sad symptom of the failure of an intellectual class in time of crisis. The implication being, I suppose, that the professor and his colleagues are hilarious symptoms of success. The benefactors of humanity deserve due honor and commemoration. Let us build a Pantheon for professors. It should be located among the ruins of one of the gutted cities of Europe or Japan, and over the entrance to the ossuary I would inscribe, in letters six or seven feet high, the simple words:
But to return to the future... If I were now to rewrite the book, I would offer the Savage a third alternative. Between the utopian and the primitive horns of his dilemma would lie the possibility of sanity--a possibility already actualized in some extent, in a community of exiles and refugees from the Brave New World, living within the borders of the Reservation. In this community economics would be decentralist and Henry-Georgian, politics Kropotkinesque co-operative. Science and technology would be used as though, like the Sabbath, they had been made for man, not (as at present and still more so in the Brave New World) as though man were to be adapted and enslaved to them. Religion would be the conscious and intelligent pursuit of man's Final End, the unitive knowledge of the immanent Tao or Logos, the transcendent Godhead or Brahman. And the prevailing philosophy of life would be a kind of Higher Utilitarianism, in which the Greatest Happiness principle would be secondary to the Final End principle--the first question to be asked and answered in every contingency of life being: "How will this thought or action contribute to, or interfere with, the achievement, by me and the greatest possible number of other individuals, of man's Final End?"
Brought up among the primitives, the Savage (in this hypothetical new version of the book) would not be transported to Utopia until he had an opportunity of learning something at first hand about the nature of a society composed of freely co-operating individuals devoted to the pursuit of sanity. Thus altered, Brave New World would possess artistic and (if it is permissible to use so large a word in connection with a work of fiction) a philosophical completeness, which in its present form it evidently lacks.
But Brave New World is a book about the future and, whatever its artistic or philosophical qualities, a book about the future can interest us only if its prophecies look as though the might conceivably come true. From our present vantage point, fifteen years further down the inclined plane of modern history, how plausible do its prognostications seem? What has happened in the painful interval to confirm or invalidate the forecasts of 1931?
One vast and obvious failure of foresight is immediately apparent. Brave New World contains no reference to nuclear fission. That is does not is actually rather odd, for the possibilities of atomic energy had been a popular topic of conversation for years before the book was written. My old friend, Robert Nichols, had even written a successful play about the subject, and I recall that I myself had casually mentioned it in a novel published in the late twenties. So it seems, as I say, very odd that the rockets and helicopters of the seventh century of Our Ford should not have been powered by disintegrating nuclei. The oversight may not be excusable; but at least it can be easily explained. The theme of Brave New World is not the advancement of science as such; it is the advancement of science as it affects human individuals. The triumphs of physics, chemistry and engineering are tacitly taken for granted. The only scientific advances to be specifically described are those involving the application to human beings of the results of future research in biology, physiology and psychology. It is only by means of the sciences of life that the quality of life can be radically changed. The sciences of matter can be applied in such a way the they will destroy life or make the living of it impossibly complex and uncomfortable; but, unless used as instruments by the biologists and psychologists, they can do nothing to modify the natural forms and expressions of life itself. The release of atomic energy marks a great revolution in human history, but not (unless we blow ourselves to bits and so put an end to history) the final and most searching revolution.
The really revolutionary revolution is to be achieved, not in the external world, but in the souls and flesh of human beings. Living as he did in a revolutionary period, the Marquis de Sade very use of this theory of revolutions in order to rationalize his peculiar brand of insanity. Robespierre had achieved the most superficial kind of revolution, the political. Going a little deeper, Babeuf had attempted the economic revolution. Sade regarded himself as the apostle of the truly revolutionary revolution, beyond mere politics and economics--the revolution in individual men, women and children, whose bodies were henceforward to become the common sexual property of all and whose minds were to be purged of all the natural decencies, all the laboriously acquired inhibitions of traditional civilization. Between sadism and the really revolutionary revolution there is, of course, no necessary or inevitable connection. Sade was a lunatic and the more or less conscious goal of his revolution was universal chaos and destruction. The people who govern the Brave New World may not be sane (in what may be called the absolute sense of the word); but they are not madmen, and their aim is not anarchy but social stability. It is in order to achieve stability that they carry out, by scientific means, the ultimate, personal, really revolutionary revolution.
But meanwhile we are in the first phase of what is perhaps the penultimate revolution. Its next phase may be atomic warfare, in which case we do not have to bother with prophecies about the future. But it is conceivable that we may have enough sense, if not to stop fighting altogether, at least to behave as rationally as did our eighteenth-century ancestors. The unimaginable horrors of the Thirty Years War actually taught men a lesson, and for more than a hundred years the politicians and generals of Europe consciously resisted the temptation to use their military resources to the limits of destructiveness or (in the majority of conflicts) to go on fighting until the enemy was totally annihilated. They were aggressors, of course, greedy for profit and glory; but they were also conservatives, determined at all costs to keep their world intact, as a going concern. For the last thirty years there have been no conservatives; there have been only nationalistic radicals of the right and nationalistic radicals of the left. The last conservative statesman was the fifth Marquess of Lansdowne; and when he wrote a letter to the Times, suggesting that the First World War should be concluded with a compromise, as most of the wars of the eighteenth century had been, the editor of that once conservative journal refused to print it. The nationalistic radicals had their way, with the consequences that we all know--Bolshevism, Fascism, inflation, depression, Hitler, the Second World War, the ruin of Europe and all but universal famine.
Assuming, then, that we are capable of learning as much from Hiroshima as our forefathers learned from Magdeburg, we may look forward to a period, not indeed of peace, but of limited and only partially ruinous warfare. During that period it may be assumed that nuclear energy will be harnessed to industrial uses. The result, pretty obviously, will be a series of economic and social changes unprecedented in rapidity and completeness. All the existing patterns of human life will be disrupted and new patterns will have to be improvised to conform with the nonhuman fact of atomic power. Procrustes in modern dress, the nuclear scientist will prepare the bed on which mankind must lie; and if mankind doesn't fit well, that will be just too bad for mankind. There will have to be some stretching and a bit of amputation--the same sort of stretching and amputations as have been going on ever since applied science really got into its stride, only this time they will be a good deal more drastic than in the past. These far from painless operations will be directed by highly centralized totalitarian governments. Inevitably so; for the immediate future is likely to resemble the immediate past, and in the immediate past rapid technological changes, taking place in a mass-producing economy and among a population predominantly propertyless, have always tended to produce economic and social confusion. To deal with confusion, power has been centralized and government control increased. It is probable that all the world's governments will be more or less completely totalitarian even before the harnessing of atomic energy; that they will be totalitarian during and after the harnessing seems almost certain. Only a large-scale popular movement toward decentralization and self-help can arrest the present tendency toward statism. At present there is no sign that such a movement will take place.
There is, of course, no reason why the new totalitarianisms should resemble the old. Government by clubs and firing squads, by artificial famine, mass imprisonment and mass deportation, is not merely inhumane (nobody cares much about that nowadays); it is demonstrably inefficient and in an age of advanced technology, inefficiency is the sin against the Holy Ghost. A really efficient totalitarian state would be one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude. To make them love it is the task assigned, in present-day totalitarian states, to ministries of propaganda, newspaper editors and schoolteachers. But their methods are still crude and unscientific. The old Jesuits' boast that, if they were given the schooling of the child, they could answer for the man's religious opinions, was a product of wishful thinking. And the modern pedagogue is probably rather less efficient at conditioning his pupils' reflexes than were the reverend fathers who educated Voltaire. The greatest triumphs of propaganda have been accomplished, not by doing something, but by refraining from doing. Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects, by lowering what Mr. Churchill calls an "iron curtain" between the masses and such facts or arguments as the local political bosses regard as undesirable, totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have done by the most eloquent denunciations, the most compelling of logical rebuttals. But silence is not enough. If persecution, liquidation and the other symptoms of social friction are to be avoided, the positive sides of propaganda must be made as effective as the negative. The most important Manhattan Projects of the future will be vast government-sponsored inquiries into what the politicians and the participating scientists will call "the problem of happiness"--in other words, the problem of making people love their servitude. Without economic security, the love of servitude cannot possibly come into existence; for the sake of brevity, I assume that the all-powerful executive and its managers will succeed in solving the problem of permanent security. But security tends very quickly to be taken for granted. Its achievement is merely a superficial, external revolution. The love of servitude cannot be established except as the result of a deep, personal revolution in human minds and bodies. To bring about that revolution we require, among others, the following discoveries and inventions. First, a greatly improved technique of suggestion--through infant conditioning and, later, with the aid of drugs, such as scopolamine. Second, a fully developed science of human differences, enabling government managers to assign any given individual to his or her proper place in the social and economic hierarchy. (Round pegs in square holes tend to infect others with their discontents.) Third (since reality, however utopian, is something from which people feel the need of taking pretty frequent holidays), a substitute for alcohol and the other narcotics, something at once less harmful and more pleasure-giving than gin or heroin. And fourth (but this would be a long-term project, which it would take generations of totalitarian control to bring to a successful conclusion) a foolproof system of eugenics, designed to standardize the human product and so to facilitate the task of the managers. In Brave New World this standardization of the human product has been pushed to fantastic, though not perhaps impossible, extremes. Technically and ideologically we are still a long way from bottled babies and Bokanovsky groups of semi-morons. But by A. F. 600, who knows what may not be happening? Meanwhile the other characteristic features of that happier and more stable world--the equivalents of soma and hypnopaedia and the scientific caste system--are probably not more than three or four generations away. Nor does the sexual promiscuity of Brave New World seem so very distant. There are already certain American cities in which the number of divorces is equal to the number of marriages. In a few years, no doubt, marriage licenses will be sold like dog licenses, good for a period of twelve months, with no law against changing dogs or keeping more than one animal at a time. As political and economic freedom diminishes, sexual freedom tends compensatingly to increase. And the dictator (unless he needs cannon fodder and families with which to colonize empty or conquered territories) will do well to encourage that freedom. In conjunction with the freedom to daydream under the influence of dope and movies and the radio, it will help to reconcile his subjects to the servitude which is their fate.
All things considered it looks as though Utopia were far closer to us than anyone, only fifteen years ago, could have imagined. Then, I projected it six hundred years into the future. Today it seems quite possible that the horror may be upon us within a single century. That is, if we refrain from blowing ourselves to smithereens in the interval. Indeed, unless we choose to decentralize and to use applied science, not as the end to which human beings are to be made the means, but as the means to producing a race of free individuals, we have only two alternatives to choose from: either a number of national, militarized totalitarianisms, having as their root the terror of the atomic bomb and as their consequence the destruction of civilization (or, if the warfare is limited, the perpetuation of militarism); or else one supra-national totalitarianism, called into existence by the social chaos resulting from rapid technological progress in general and the atomic revolution in particular, and developing, under the need for efficiency and stability, into the welfare-tyranny of Utopia. You pays your money and you takes your chance.

Welcome to the official Cyanide Tea website. This is where you can find out more about us and the visual novels we produce. Please use the navigation at the top of the page to get to the various subpages on this site. If you have any comments, questions, or concerns, you can contact us here.
Micro-Bonding Oil-Free Shield, will not Attract Dirt. Oil-free technology provides a revolutionary upgrade from oil and silicone rags; delivers lubrication and protection for today's firearms, knives, tactical gear and collectibles. Quick clean your gun on the bench, at the range or in the field. Spill-proof pack; long-lasting, lint-free impregnated cloth.
Wiping with TUF-CLOTH gives you cleaning, rust protection and lubrication. Pure mineral spirits is the fast drying carrier for the active ingredients, so TUF-CLOTH cleans as it transfers the lubricants and protectants to all surfaces of your gear for 100% protection. It evaporates, and Sentrys proprietary ingredients bond to the surface; this bonding assures long-lasting effectiveness. TUF-CLOTHs waterproof protection will not wash off or thicken in the cold (even down to -40?F/-40?C). It is dry to the touch so will not attract dirt like oil-based products, nor does it leave a slippery film like silicone. It is safe to use on wood and most plastics.
Jason Koon is always looking for every edge in this competitive game, and yet, is still eager to share his insights. He plans to do a poker focused Biohacking seminar with one of the greatest mind coaches in the world this April.

The #25 player in the 2014 high school class according to the RSCI, Keita Bates-Diop played a fairly minor role for Ohio State as a freshman playing under 10 minutes per game. Still, he showed some impressive flashes of potential in that short time, solidifying himself as a player to keep an eye on as his career moves along.
The intrigue around Bates-Diop beings with his impressive physical profile. Standing 6-7, with a pterodactyl wingspan (reported to be around 7-4), and an ideal basketball frame (listed at 190 as a freshman, now 235 by Ohio State), Bates-Diop stands out immediately the moment he steps on the floor. He's not quite as athletic as he looks on first glance, but is smooth and fluid, and may still have considerable room to improve his quickness and explosiveness as he gets closer to reaching full physical maturity.
Forced to make the transition from high school power forward to collegiate wing, Bates-Diop was a little more advanced skill-wise as a freshman than you might suspect. He hit 18 of his 39 (46%) attempts from beyond the arc, showing nice confidence in his perimeter shooting ability late in the year hitting a couple of huge jumpers in the NCAA Tournament. He has good shooting mechanics from the waist up, with a compact, repeatable stroke. He is capable of creating separation nicely with a high release and good elevation, even if he tends to jump too far forward while leaning back excessively when rushed, not always fully getting his legs underneath him.
While the small sample size from last season leaves something to be desired, Bates-Diop should be able to develop into a good perimeter shooter, which will be very important considering his limitations in other areas.
He wasn't really asked to trusted to do anything off the bounce last year, as it was very clear in the handful of possessions that he did put the ball on the floor that he has a lot of room to grow here. While capable of attacking opponents in a straight line smoothly with long, rangy strides, Bates-Diop struggles when forced to change directions, lacked the strength and/or explosiveness to finish many of the plays created for him, and had a difficult time when forced to use his left hand around the basket.
Although his freakish length allows him to finish around the basket while barely jumping, and he converted an impressive 61% of his attempts inside the paint in the half-court, Bates-Diop still has room to improve here as his skill-level and explosiveness evolve.
Defensively, Bates-Diop was somewhat caught between positions as a freshman, which may help explain why he played as few minutes as he did. He wasn't strong enough to guard most power forwards, while he was a little too upright and naive to be trusted to guard smaller guys consistently on the perimeter.
Bates-Diop showed many of the issues most young players do in making the transition from high school to college, biting on pump fakes, losing his concentration off the ball, helping unnecessarily off his man, getting burned off the dribble, and generally not being solid or consistent enough to be trusted against better competition.
Nevertheless, he shows significant potential here, even if he doesn't always really know what he's doing at the moment. Bates-Diop's combination of size and length can absolutely suffocate ball-handlers on the perimeter, which could be an incredible weapon as he learns to get in a low stance and move his feet effectively against smaller players. He can close out on shooters from extreme vantage points and still get a hand up to bother a shot, and even when he does get beat off the dribble, can rotate back into the paint and make a play impressively at the rim.
Bates-Diop showed great flashes of defensive potential in small doses, executing a number of plays last season that only a handful of players in college basketball can even think of making. That showed up to an extent in the boxscore, as he generated 2.3 blocks, 1.3 steals and 8.2 rebounds per-40 minutes, even if the tiny sample size again throws some caution to the wind.
While Bates-Diop's lack of experience was evident last year, it still didn't prevent him from getting on the floor in some crucial moments for Ohio State, which certainly tells you something. He came onto the court late in the Round of 64 NCAA Tournament game against VCU for example, and had some huge plays that sealed the win for his team hitting a pair of key 3-pointers and dishing off a transition assist.
With Sam Thompson (who played 32 minutes per game) graduated, there should be more of an opportunity for Bates-Diop to see playing time for Ohio State as a sophomore, especially now that he's reportedly added significant bulk to his frame in the offseason.
Although Bates-Diop only averaged 3.8 points and 2.1 rebounds per game as a freshman, he'll get plenty of attention from NBA scouts if he continues to progress as expected.
Indiana freshman guard James Blackmon Jr. came in and started from day one for the Hoosiers, making an immediate impact on one of the best offensive teams in the nation. Blackmon was second on the team in scoring at 15.7 points per game, the sixth highest per-game scoring average among freshman in the country.
Blackmon is a very dangerous perimeter shooting threat, as evidenced by his 38.7% shooting from three point range on six attempts per game. Indiana, led by a perimeter combination of Yogi Ferrell and Blackmon, was one of the best perimeter shooting teams in the nation last year, coming in at ninth in the country in three pointers made and sixth in three point percentage, and Blackmon was a big part of that success.
Blackmon has consistent range out to the NBA three point line, which allows him to extend the defense and open up the lane for his teammates. He gets excellent elevation on his jumper and has a high release point, which along with a quick, compact release allows him to get his shot off with little space.
That's good, because over 75% of his catch and shoot attempts were guarded according to Synergy Sports Technology, a very high rate for a perimeter threat. Despite the attention he received Blackmon connected on 39% of his catch and shoot attempts, with the 1.17 points per possession he generated in these situations just outside of the top 20% in the nation, according to Synergy Sports Technology.
Blackmon isn't just a standstill shooter, however, as he's comfortable using one or two dribbles to setup a pull-up jumper. This is especially effective off the pick and roll, where the elevation he gets on his shot, combined with his quick release, once again makes it difficult for defenders to contest. Blackmon is only an average ball handler and doesn't have elite quickness turning the corner off of the pick, so he becomes a little bit one-dimensional as a scorer off the pick and roll, but it's a dimension that he can continue to be effective in.
Blackmon doesn't create all that much off the dribble, limited mostly to attacking closeouts. He has a strong pull-up game, and shows some touch on runners in the lane, but he struggles at times to get all the way to the hoop. The primary culprit in his struggles to create at a high volume is that he's just an average athlete by NBA standards, without the burst with the ball in his hands to really blow by the first tier of defenders, and without great elevation to score in traffic.
One area where Blackmon could improve is as a shooter coming off of screens. He's an excellent shooter overall and appears comfortable shooting on the move in other areas, namely off the dribble and when sliding around the perimeter to find an opening. He wasn't completely ineffective when attempting such shots, and looked mostly comfortable when doing so, but it just wasn't a consistent part of his offense. Especially since Blackmon doesn't project to be a high-level shot creator off the dribble, proficiency coming off screens and using his threat as a perimeter shooter could help him get a step on his defender, and open up driving lanes in the process.
Blackmon didn't create a whole lot of opportunities for his teammates, which is somewhat concerning at his size, collecting just 1.5 assists per game and 2.0 assists per 40 minutes when adjusting for pace. The fact that he doesn't create a lot in the paint plays a part in this, but he's not the most creative passer in the world either. He did do a good job making smart decisions with the ball and limiting his turnovers, but NBA teams would undoubtedly like to see him develop into somewhat of a combo guard considering how small he is.
On the defensive side of the court, Blackmon measured only 6'3 in shoes and would be undersized for an NBA shooting guard, without a great frame to match. That being said, he measured with a 6'8.5 wingspan and an 8'4 standing reach at the 2014 Nike Hoop Summit, both strong measurements for his size which help him play bigger than his listed height.
Blackmon's average athleticism comes into play on this side of the court as well, as he'll struggle to stay in front of some of the better athletes in the Big Ten, something which will also be the case when he makes the jump to the next level. Even so, he is an attentive defender who gives consistent effort on this side of the court, something which coaches will appreciate. He's also reportedly added weight to his previously slender frame, something which could help him fight through picks on the perimeter and make him a more versatile defender.
James Blackmon Jr. had an excellent freshman season for the Hoosiers, establishing himself as one of the best perimeter shooting threats in the Big 10. He had offseason knee surgery to repair cartilage in his left knee, but should be ready for the start of the season; though a slow start as he returns to form isn't out of the question. Still, Blackmon has a chance to build on his excellent start to his college career, and if he can get a little bit more comfortable creating off the dribble and become a more consistent contributor on the defensive side of the court, he's the kind of shooting threat that can find a role at the next level.
A consensus top-150 recruit in the high school class of 2013, Damonte Dodd's first two years in College Park were mostly a learning process. Averaging 4 points, 3.8 rebounds, and 1.5 blocks overly 15.9 minutes per game a year ago as a 20-year old sophomore, Dodd is still working to carve out a significant role at the college level, but flashes a number of qualities that give him interesting long-term upside.
Listed at 6-11, with an imposing wingspan and a 250-pound frame that still has room to improve, Dodd has nice size for a center at any level. Not a fluid or freakishly gifted athlete by any means, Dodd is noticeably pigeon-toed, but runs quite well for his size, and has little trouble playing above the rim in the paint.
Skill-wise, Dodd is a fairly limited player at this point, seeing most of his touches come around the basket in the form of put backs, rolls to the rim, and dump-off passes. A very capable finisher when he's able to catch the ball cleanly thanks to his size, Dodd shot an impressive 69% at the rim in non-post up situations according to Synergy Sports Technology last season. Despite that, Dodd's average hands, footwork, and touch don't allow him to take exploit as size consistently on the block. Proving to be very turnover prone and clearly rushing to make moves inside, Dodd appears a bit out of place at times and has plenty of room to improve, even if he is fairly efficient at the college level.
Not a threat away from the rim but shooting 63% from the line, up from a dismal 13% on 2-16 as a freshman, it will be interesting to see what kind of weapon Dodd proves to be in the coming years. He may never be a particularly dynamic weapon, but he took a step forward a year ago, even if it was a small one, and could emerge as a terrific catch and finish threat at the college if the game slows down for him and he improves his hands and footwork.
Where Dodd has contributed early in his NCAA career is as an offensive rebounder and shot-blocker, ranking among the sophomore leaders on a per-minute basis in both areas. He's a useful player to have around the basket because of his size, length, and energy. He's already a capable individual defender on the block at the college level thanks to his sheer size, but could stand to be a bit more disciplined, as some craftier big men are able to use his aggressiveness against him. A very aggressive defender who eagerly chases blocks rotating off from the weakside, Dodd's effort as a rim protector allow him to make an impact in limited minutes at the college level, even if it gets him in foul trouble, and is a key part of his value proposition as a pro.
Like many young, raw big men, the best thing you can say about Dodd at this stage is that he has potential, as he was clearly not overly productive over his first two seasons under Mark Turgeon. Even so, there's still an obvious niche for energetic rim protectors at the next level. It will be fascinating to see how Dodd is used this season as Maryland adds five-star center Diamond Stone and figures to rank among the most talented teams in the entire country. If Dodd can show improved hands and patience offensively while cutting down on his fouls defensively, he could emerge as a viable prospect in the coming years.
Coming off a breakout sophomore season for Illinois, Malcolm Hill was invited to try out for the USA Basketball team that played in the Pan-American games. He was ultimately cut from the team but he gained valuable experience heading back to the Illinois for his junior season.
Hill is looking to build on a sophomore season that saw him double his minutes per game up to 30.6, while increasing his point production to 18.6 points per 40 minute pace adjusted, up five points from his freshman season. He also saw an increase in efficiency with his increase usage, with his true shooting percentage rising from 52% to 56%.
Hill has nice size for a NBA wing, measured at 6'7 during his USA Basketball tryout but the rest of his measurements aren't on par to a prototypical wing. He has just a 6'9 wingspan and his impressive frame is still developing, as he needs to add lower body strength to compete with NBA athletes. At just 19 (turning 20 in October), Hill is one of the youngest rising juniors in all college basketball, so there is still a chance for him to grow and his body to develop.
His athleticism isn't flashy in any areas but is solid across the board. He has decent open court speed for a player of his size and can beat his defender down the court from time to time. Most of his shot attempts around the rim are layups rather than dunks, but he can play above the rim from time to time. While he won't overpower most NBA wings with his athleticism, he should be able to match the overall physical skill sets of most players.
Hill demonstrated an ability to shoot the ball from distance as a sophomore, placing him squarely on the map as a NBA prospect. He has great form, with a high release point and a smooth stroke that should translate to NBA range. He is capable of shooting consistently both from a stand-still catch and shoot position, where he shot 42.2% according to Synergy Sports Technology, as well as on the move by either coming off a screen or relocating on the perimeter.
He's also proficient shooting off the dribble, where he shot 37.5% on all jump shots according to Synergy Sports Technology. These shots usually come off one or two dribbles into the mid-range area after he is ran off the three point line. This is a good secondary weapon for him to have when defenders close out hard on him, especially since he's often used as a floor-spacing power forward at the college level.
Hill has the ability to straight line drive all the way to the rim, although he isn't yet a great finisher around the basket. He's finished just 52.6% of his attempts around the rim according to Synergy Sports Technology. Hill isn't able to shake his defender that often and can get out of control at times on his drives, leading to wild shots that have little chance of going in. When he is under control, he can get off good looks or draw a foul as he shot 6.1 free throws per 40 minutes pace adjusted last season. He is also working on incorporating a eurostep into his repertoire which should help him get easier looks at the rim. Adding more strength as he matures will also help, meaning he could grow into a better finisher around the rim.
Hill isn't a great passer and doesn't have the court awareness yet to see his open teammates when he has the ball in his hands. The good news is that he doesn't turn the ball over that much at just 1.9 per 40 minutes pace adjusted. This is caused more by his lack of playmaking ability than an ability to hold onto the ball, as he doesn't look to create for his teammates on a regular basis.
Defensively, Hill projects to be a competent defender in the right situation but he still has room to grow on this end of the court before he becomes someone who can be relied upon against NBA wings. His average wingspan is a cause for concern, as he will struggle to challenge shots both on the perimeter and near the basket. He can move his feet well in the half-court to cut off dribble penetration which will help him slow down wings or funnel them to the right areas on the floor. He does get muscled out of the way at times operating at the 4-spot, but that should decrease as he adds strength to his frame.
He is still learning how to defend in a team scheme, as he sometimes gets lost in his individual matchup and fails to see the whole play develop which hurts his team overall. He focuses on his man and gets caught in screens or runs into his teammate, opening up space for the offense. He doesn't always see the right rotations or close out effectively and needs to make smarter decisions on the defensive side of the ball to help the team. He looks like a useful defensive player individually but will have to increase his court awareness to become an all-around defender.
A year younger than his classmates, Hill is brimming with NBA potential. He's already demonstrated he can shoot the ball and he will have a larger role in the offense after the graduation of Rayvonte Rice and Ahmad Starks to show off any improvements in the off-season. With another productive season, Hill will have a difficult decision to make about entering the draft or returning for his senior season.
Few expected Isaac Haas, the 82nd ranked player in his high school class, to make an immediate impact as a freshman at Purdue. The 7'2 freshman emerged as a player to watch in November, however, after his standout Maui Invitational. By December, Haas supplanted A.J. Hammons as starting center before hitting the freshman wall and heading back to the bench a month later. As Haas prepares for his sophomore season, he will once again have to fight for minutes in Purdue's crowded and talented frontcourt while proving to scouts that he is a legitimate NBA prospect.
Haas possesses outstanding size for the center position, standing 7'2 in shoes with a massive 7'4 wingspan and a 297-pound frame. He is a decent athlete for his size, as well, looking mobile in the post despite the fact that he is neither particularly explosive nor quick in the open floor and he moves very mechanically at times. Reports suggest that Haas spent the summer getting in better shape, but his athletic ceiling remains to be seen, as he is very much a below the rim player.
Despite playing just 14.6 minutes per game, Haas was one of the most productive centers in our database, averaging 20.5 points per 40 minutes pace adjusted. Haas saw nearly all of his possessions around the basket, 71.5% of which came in post-up situations.
His post game was largely limited to jump hooks in the post, which could develop into an intriguing offensive weapon thanks to his size and length. He does not appear to have the softest shooting touch here (50.8% FG), or great awareness, but his footwork looks promising, his release is fluid, and he does a solid job of using his body to get position in the post. He was heavily featured and played respectably in the post as a freshman, so it will be interesting to see if this trend continues during his sophomore season.
He is extremely turnover prone, however, averaging 4.4 turnovers per 40 minutes pace adjusted, which points to his tendency to be a black hole in the middle. Haas passes on just 6.3% of his post-up possessions, struggles with double teams, and averages a paltry 0.7 assists per 40 minutes pace adjusted. NBA scouts will want to see considerable improvement in his awareness and feel for the game as his career progresses at Purdue.
Elsewhere, Haas does a good job of putting himself in the position to score without being featured on offense. He is a good offensive rebounder, grabbing 4.2 offensive rebounds per 40 minutes pace adjusted, and converted 61.5% of the resulting put back attempts. He does a good job of cutting to the basket, as well, albeit in a limited number of possessions. He does not appear to have the best hands, however, and was barely utilized in the pick-and-roll, possibly a byproduct of his physical limitations, as he struggles to finish explosively when on the move.
While Haas struggles to defend without fouling, he did a respectable job of guarding post players. Again, he is decently mobile and was an intimidating physical presence on the block as a freshman, even though he lacked the quickness to stay with more athletic big men or step outside of the paint. Despite his length, he was an average shot blocker, as well, blocking just 2.0 shots per 40 minutes pace adjusted and committing his share of fouls in the process. Likewise, he struggled to step out and guard perimeter oriented big men, which may be a significant limitation to his potential down the road.
Thus, while Isaac Haas certainly showed promise as a freshman, he has a long way to go before convincing NBA scouts that he has what it takes to play at the next level. His size and productivity are intriguing, but his lack of explosiveness may ultimately limit his upside. It is important to remember that Haas is still young and exceeded expectations as a freshman. Whether the 7'2 sophomore reaches his massive potential remains to be seen, but scouts will take notice if he can continue to thrive in Purdue's formidable frontcourt rotation.
Cover Design Advice Native Plants Aesthetics Design Advice Front-yard Gardening Neighbors Little Lawn

Imagine yourself walking into a club to listen and watch your favorite DJ, artist, or band to perform after a long work week. Now, when they begin to perform, you’re not allowed to dance because the establishment doesn’t have a “cabaret license.”
Originally instantiated back in 1926, the “Cabaret Law” does just that: no dancing for no more than three people if the establishment doesn’t have a license. If a club is caught allowing their patrons to dance, they could be fined or shut down.
In 1926, the Cabaret Law (aka the “no dancing” law) was originally enacted to restrict African-American jazz clubs from allowing more than three musicians to perform together or more than three people from dancing. Since its enactment, it has been amended time and time again. For example, safety regulations were added after numerous clubs had disasters, and requirements for club musicians needing to be of “good character” were removed.
On March 21st, the profound and triumphant New York City music promoters, Discwoman, shared an infographic on their Instagram account with some facts about the Cabaret Law and why it’s hurtful to New York City.
The Cabaret Law is one of those laws that is as crazy as it sounds. In the 1990s, as part of his “Quality of Life” campaign, the mayor of New York City, Rudy Giuliani, used this as a backboard to hone in on clubs that were unlicensed and regulate the amount of establishments that were permitted to authorize this form of leisure. Michael Bloomberg, NYC mayor from January 1st, 2002 - December 31st, 2013, further enforced this absurd and arcane law by subjecting the unlicensed bars and clubs to padlocks, police raids, fines, and shut downs if the clubs’ patrons were going to dance.
According to Thirteen, “[New York City’s Department of Consumer Affairs {DCA}] claim that the problem isn’t really dancing, but rather nuisances such as noise, violence, and filth caused by poorly managed nightclubs in residential neighborhoods, and would like to find an effective way to ameliorate these problems.” Business owners and other neighboring communities like them because it does cut down on noise. But the law states that the establishment must obtain a cabaret license if they’re going to allow their attendees to dance. Failing to do so is breaking the law, and could warrant the aforementioned retributions.
This arcane law, however, may come to a screeching halt soon. Activists in New York like Dance Liberation Network, Dance Parade New York, House Coalition, and the NYC Artist Coalition are pushing the community to “overflow the New York City Council Chambers to legalize dance.”
If you’re in New York, come together with the New York City community on June 19th at 1:00 PM at the New York City Hall, which is located at City Hall Park. You can RSVP via the event page here.
I'm a music industry professional, music journalist, and lover of music. My thoughts and work can be found on EDM.com, Magnetic Magazine, EARMILK, Digital Music News, Noiseporn, and EDM In A Soda.
If you're headed to one of the upcoming Kids In Love tour shows to catch Kygo, you're in for a visual treat to accompany his soulful music!
With concern that a proposed accountability plan won’t go far enough to measure school progress, a split Assembly Education Committee last week approved a bill that appears different from a plan the State Board of Education is creating.
If it continues to move forward, Assembly Bill 2548 could provide leverage for its author, Assemblywoman Shirley Weber, D-San Diego, and dozens of nonprofit advocacy groups pushing for the bill to include more measurements of student and school performance, including a measure of school climate, than the state board and Gov. Jerry Brown may favor.
What the state board wants will become clearer in two weeks, when it considers statewide metrics that will be used to determine which school districts and schools need technical support and more intense intervention under both state law, the Local Control Funding Formula, and federal law, the newly passed Every Student Succeeds Act. The federal law, passed in December, is the successor to the No Child Left Behind Act.
Because the state board won’t adopt the state piece of the system until September, and federal regulations elaborating on the federal law haven’t been adopted, Education Committee Chairman Patrick O’Donnell, D-Long Beach, called AB 2548 “premature” at the hearing on the bill (start at 2:18). O’Donnell said he was concerned that the Legislature be out in front of the work of the board and the federal government. In a letter to Weber, the California Teachers Association similarly stated that the bill “would impede the current process prior to the process (of creating regulations for an accountability system) being completed.” The current law should be implemented as is, the letter said. The CTA is the only organization formally opposing the bill.
Weber said the bill is well-timed to make the Legislature’s voice known and then to be part of discussions moving forward. If the Legislature doesn’t weigh in, then months from now it could be handed something it doesn’t like, and “we will be told it is too late, it already had been done,” she said.
The Legislature roughed out an accountability system in 2013 in the Local Control Funding Formula when it listed eight priority areas that districts must address, including academic achievement, school climate, parent engagement, access to courses and implementation of academic standards, along with 23 metrics to measure progress. But it also turned over to the state board the job, through regulations, of setting improvement targets and spelling out how to identify and guide low-performing districts.
The board was well into its work when Congress passed the new federal law, requiring states to identify and order improvements to the lowest-performing 5 percent of schools and schools with a high school graduation rate under 66 percent, starting in 2017-18. The law identified a handful of metrics that states must use for schools and student subgroups within schools and districts where there are achievement gaps. The measurements include proficiency in math and English language arts, high school graduation rates, proficiency of English language learners, and two more factors, including a non-test metric, of a state’s choice.
The state board is confident it can blend the requirements of federal and state law into one system. That would be welcome progress, since, under No Child Left Behind, conflicting federal and state accountability systems caused confusion and resentment, with some schools labeled failing by Washington and high-achieving by the state.
SB 2548 and the state board’s vision for school accountability, as expressed in staff documents over the past year, are largely in sync.
One system: Accountability under the Local Control Funding Formula focuses on districts, while the Every Student Succeeds Act applies to schools. The bill and the state board would create a unified system with performance measures applying to schools and districts, as well as to student subgroups: special education students, low-income students, English learners and racial and ethnic groups.
Transparency: The bill would require what the board has contracted with the research and development agency WestEd to do: create an electronic reporting system that will enable parents and the public to easily compare performance data across the state. The board has made clear its intention to create a “dashboard” of metrics instead of boiling down a school’s or district’s performance into a single number, like the three-digit Academic Performance Index, which the board has suspended. The bill doesn’t address the API.
Key metrics: The bill and the state board would narrow the list of 23 performance metrics laid out in the Local Control Funding Formula to a handful of metrics that will determine which chronically low-performing schools and districts require intervention. Some of the metrics would be what Congress requires under the Every Student Succeeds Act. Next month, the board is expected to decide whether to add student suspension rates, growth in test scores and some indicator of college and career readiness.
At the board’s last meeting, in March, many of the 70 advocacy groups for parents and low-income students that support the bill urged the board to add more measures: chronic absenteeism and some measure of school climate, such as the results of statewide surveys of parents, teachers and students. Some board members expressed a willingness to consider including them in the future when there is reliable statewide data available. But without a firm commitment, the groups turned to Weber and AB 2548. The bill also would add test results in science.
A staff analysis for the Education Committee criticized the bill, saying it “preempts an ongoing process” and “imposes a new accountability system” before a task force assembled by State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson finishes its work and reports to the state board.
But Weber denied that, saying the bill’s sponsors would be open to amending the bill as the state board moved forward in coming months. Samantha Tran, senior managing director for education policy at Children Now, reiterated at the hearing that the state board’s decisions would define school accountability for the next decade, and it’s “important for the Legislature to engage now as it’s being developed.” Children Now, together with the advocacy group Education Trust-West, helped write the bill.
The state board hasn’t taken a position on the bill, but Brown, who appoints members of the state board, has warned the Legislature not to tamper with accountability features of the Local Control Funding Formula, which he championed, or to require the state to collect more data than it currently compiles.
Children of low-income families, low parent-education families and/or English learner families face many challenges to future economic and academic success. The public education system must lead and work with parents and local communities to obliterate achievement gaps. Rapidly. In one generation of students. Why do we expect and accept slow progress?
One reason, Chris, is that the media covering education debates accept the premise that education policies are primarily about serving students instead of the interests of adult employees. It could not be more obvious that the Local Control Funding Formula wasn't implemented to directly provide more money to English learners and foster students, one of its key selling points. It was implemented to funnel billions of dollars to urban school districts, starting with Los Angeles Unified, … Read More
One reason, Chris, is that the media covering education debates accept the premise that education policies are primarily about serving students instead of the interests of adult employees.
It could not be more obvious that the Local Control Funding Formula wasn’t implemented to directly provide more money to English learners and foster students, one of its key selling points. It was implemented to funnel billions of dollars to urban school districts, starting with Los Angeles Unified, to pay for raises.
… yet three years later, the media continues to accept the idea that LCFF was well-intentioned, if poorly executed — as opposed to a plan cooked up by the CTA, the CFT and their allies to provide more money for teacher raises that weren’t forthcoming during the long state revenue recession.
Why didn’t the CTA and CFT weigh in during the months before the LCFF was adopted, given that it was the biggest change in school financing in decades? Why didn’t the dog bark?
At this point, it’s beyond obvious why. Maybe at some point the media will wake up and figure this out.

At Lovendly, you can meet, chat, and date attractive, fun-loving singles in North Carolina, Jacksonville. Claim your account in 30 seconds, upload a photo, and start finding singles in Jacksonville today. Visit Lovendly to get in on the action.
Meet thousands of single men and women from North Carolina, Jacksonville. Join our site today and meet fun men and women near you looking to meet quality singles from Jacksonville. Click on any of the cities in North Carolina, Jacksonville below to meet members looking to chat with you.
Meetings are conducting not only in North Carolina, Jacksonville, but also in more than 500 cities every day!
Ideas for the first meetings and dates in Jacksonville: a walk in Morganton, going to the cinema in Nags Head Outer Banks, a dinner in Apex, shopping together in Knightdale, going to a café in Topsail Beach Topsail Island, travel together, walking the pets in Gastonia, in Ocracoke Outer Banks, riding a bike in Morganton, cooking together or talk in a chat on lovendly
I am an out going person who has a lot of life and really enjoying doing things. I am looking for someone who enjoys living and not ready to throw in towel. He should be honest and not married, and not a lot of drama in his life.
I am romantic, passionate, honest, funny, loving, caring, respectful, understanding and more better things and I am looking in a girl the same thing ...
I am a fun loving girl who likes to have fun and laugh. I don't need a serious man. I have a great personality. Mist of the tI'me when you see me I will be smiling and having a good tI'me. I travel a lot and take pictures. It's my passion. So it hard for me to keep a relationship.
I'm a handsome some say hott 25 year old man who has had alot of bad luck in privious relationships and am looking for the right kind of lady for me someone respectful faithful and truthful also have to be decent looking about average with blond or brown or black hair blue or brown or green eyes who likes to be romantic someone down to earth that enjoys walks cuddling and spending tI'me together also has some of a wild side but not too dirty someone who wants a possible relationship I can garenty I'm faithful and truthful and sweet so hit me up if that's you peace out and I hope I find you or you find me
well I'm looking for someone to have a relation with a person that it's not afraid of who we are and what we want I'm new here so I'm looking for someone to spend tI'me with hang out for awhile and be friends lovers everything.
calm cool happy l like to try some new things i have o tolarance for drama no untruths no drama please
I'm just an average male, who works out, draws, play games, and work. I am in the military as a marine and I love the outdoors as well. I would love to meet some one who would work out occasionally and would also like to sit and just watch tv or just play some games.
I work third shift so my nights, other than my nights off are full, I work in Indy as a nurse and have a 10 yr old daughter. I live in Franklin and am very independent. I do drink occassionally and smoke daily. I enjoy going to wineries, flea markets, shopping, colts games and almost anything. I don't play games and won't put up with people that can't get past their previous relationship woes. I am looking for someone who will place me and my daughter first instead of me taking care of everything for everyone else. I want to be a partner not a mother. I also want to be treated like I am I'mportant to you and that things that we are building is because you want to, not because you feel you have to, or that life becomes a chore.
You can find fun, attractive men and women from North Carolina, Jacksonville right now. Just click on the city in North Carolina, Jacksonville nearest to you to meet quality singles looking to chat. Lovendly.com is one of the top online dating services to meet people from all over North Carolina.
Are you there yet? At Lovendly, there’s a bevy of attractive, available singles in North Carolina, Jacksonville, and they’re looking for you. Sign up in 30 seconds and find out why fun-loving singles in North Carolina, Jacksonville are flocking to Lovendly. Get in on the action at Lovendly.com.

You have spent a lot of time and effort with your clients, only to have them change their minds from purchasing a dream home because of mold.
At that point, the only thing that matters to them is to look for a different​​​​ property, one without a mold problem.
While working in the Pacific Northwest, the four letter “M” word will come up from time to time. When this happens, you need to know what to do and how to best handle it.
This course is designed exclusively for real estate agents and brokers. You’ll learn how to explain the basics behind mold and the potential impact it can have on their lives.
Mold Insight is here to make these concerns easier for you to understand. More importantly, there is someone in your corner when you need help understanding or resolving a mold issue.

Before we add any new cars to the main Car Collection, we are looking for some feedback to help us decide which cars to move to the Bonus Cars pack. If you have a couple of minutes to spare, please complete this form for us.
For those unfamiliar with the difference between the two packs, the main pack is used in official I/O sessions, whereas the bonus pack is provided as an expansion for regular hosts who may wish to include them as part of the car selection for their sessions. Both packs are a collection of R/C cars that fit in the game, but the main pack in particular is meant to be a selection of the best-of-the-best cars that resemble the style of the original Re-Volt cars.
Before any changes are implemented, there will be two days of discussions that may alter the outcome of the upcoming update. For Steps 1 and 3, using this forum thread is preferable, to give more visibility to each argument. For Step 2, join us on the Re-Volt Workshop and request access to #rvio-packs in order to join the discussion, as it will need to be more flexible than a forum thread.
Step 1: The cars below are likely to be removed. Exceptions may be made if strong arguments are made in favor of keeping them in the main pack.
Step 2: The cars below are are eligible for removal. Arguments may be made for or against them, which will decide how many will remain in the main pack. The amount of cars available per each class might also affect the outcome. This is the step that needs the most discussion, as the outcome for the other cars is more or less set in stone.
Step 3: The cars below are unlikely to be removed. Exceptions may be made if strong arguments are made in favor of moving them to the bonus pack.
Any cars that received less than 25% votes against them will remain in the main pack, no exceptions.
The discussions have ended, and we have decided to move the following cars to the bonus pack (with the reasons listed in the brackets):
Stonemason and YI-1 will not be removed despite having over 50% votes against them, as it has been argued that they are of a very high quality. Some of the cars, specifically Birg Birk, Miss Kuma, Aeroflash, Fast Traxx, Scorcher 6x6, Sol-Aire CX4, Hannimal and Crytocerox might be reintroduced in the future as alternate, modified versions.
As for previous poll regarding the cars from the bonus pack, we have decided to add the following cars to the main pack:

It appears that the wait for Parsi families to move into Bombay Parsi Punchayat (BPP) flats just got a little longer. Justice (retd) B N Srikrishna, who was appointed to verify the eligibility of members of the Parsi-Irani community last year, has resigned.
The former judge of the Supreme Court, who was appointed by the Union government in February to head a committee on the Telangana issue, said in his resignation letter that he found it impossible to complete the proceedings in the BPP flats case within six weeks as directed by the high court.
Dinshaw Mehta, chairman of the BPP, and four other trustees have now filed an application before the high court requesting it to modify its October 2009 order setting a six-week deadline for the one-man committee. This would allow Justice Srikrishna to complete the inquiry, the plea said. "Eighty-nine flats are available for allotment to needy, deserving Parsi-Zoroastrian families in Mumbai and are lying vacant,” said the application by Mehta, adding that starting the process afresh would result in further delay.
The other side, including persons who were in the earlier flat allotment list and Noshir Dadrawala, a trustee of the BPP, have opposed any modification to the six-week deadline. In their affidavits, they have sought that the time-frame should be strictly adhered to as many families are waiting to move into their flats.
The over 350-year-old BPP, which looks after the welfare of the Parsi-Irani community, controls around 5,000 flats in Mumbai. Many buildings are located in prime areas of the the city including Cusrow Baug at Colaba, Rustom Baug at Byculla and Godrej Baug at Nepean Sea Road. Well-to-do members of the community can lease the flats at premium prices from the BPP. The remaining flats are allotted to members from lower-income groups and couples about to get married who do not have a home. According to the BPP, it has a waiting list of 1,200 families seeking allotment of flats.
The present case deals with 104 flats located across Mumbai that have been allotted. On a recommendation by former trustees of the BPP, in January 2009, the charity commissioner had passed allotment orders for the flats. The newly elected BPP trustees, however, moved the HC alleging the allotments were made out of turn and in violation of rules. Last year in October, the two opposing sides reached a settlement, whereby the charity commissioner’s order was set aside. Justice (retd) Srikrishna was appointed to inquire and verify the 104 allotments.
We are adding a Design Manager to oversee the full technical scope of major Roadway and Bridge projects in the Eastern region of the US, for Design/Build projects. We are a proven designer-builder-developer that offers full vertical integration to our industry partners at all levels including project financing, construction and design on major P3 and APD projects.We are respected by our clients as an organization with strong technical skills, and solid project delivery and performance.
If you are a seasoned technical design manager or project manager with at least 3 design/build or General Engineering Consulting (GEC) transportation projects under your belt, and are passionate about design, we would like to talk with you! We are looking for a great leader to join our team; one that inspires loyalty and commitment, with experience in the capture process, and project execution process to lead technical teams across the Eastern US. At Parsons, you can work out of a home office or a Parsons office anywhere East of the Mississippi but will be required to travel extensively to project locations, which may vary from state to state.
In this technically focused role, the successful candidate will be responsible for developing win strategies, teaming and innovative solutions for major highway and bridge projects/proposals in the Eastern US. Upon award, the Design Manager will oversee the full technical scope of the entire Design/Build project, developing a detailed design schedule, and ensure the project has a successful start-up. You will be expected to support the design process through the project, overseeing and directing technical resources, monitoring the technical aspects of the project, coordinate with contractors and owners and perform design management functions through construction. Additional responsibilities include hiring/staffing and scheduling the design work to meet construction milestones, and regular interaction with the team to ensure engineering optimization of the design and prioritization of the design work.
20+ years of project management delivery experience on heavy transportation infrastructure projects (Road/Highway, or Bridge/Tunnel).
Must have a proven track record of successful delivery in design/build project executions and/or GEC projects as the Design Manager on at least 3 Design/Build or GEC projects each valued at $100M in construction cost or preferably higher.
Incumbent should have a broad general technical and business background, as well as previous project management experience on similar or related projects.
Incumbent will go through the Parsons’ project management certification process. Proven ability to perform in a management capacity, excellent written and oral communications skills, and a thorough knowledge of industry practices and regulations are also required. In addition, must be knowledgeable of current technology and how it can be effectively utilized on the project.

Both the ACT and the SAT contain verbal and math question types. SAT/ACT Preparation Part 2 will give you all the information you need to do well on the math questions of the ACT and the new SAT. The ACT math tests your knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and basic statistics. This course provides you with a complete math review of all these subjects. We'll also show you how to use your time wisely so that you finish as many math questions as possible in the 60 minutes the ACT gives you for the math test. For more information and to complete your registration for the online learning portal visit www.ed2go.com/eicc
Being married to someone who speaks a different language and comes out of a different culture can be challenging sometimes, but it can also be really fun. My husband is German, and I’m American. Now, he’s a funny guy to begin with, but sometimes, when he speaks English, he says the most ridiculously unintentionally hilarious things. I always say that one day I’m going to start a journal of nothing but the funny things he says. When I do, these will be at the top of the list.
When we first started dating, my husband used to call bell peppers “belly peppers” – and not because he was trying to be silly.
I’ll never forget the time we were having a discussion about chocolate. We were talking about how much I love it and how I rationalize my chocolate obsession by touting the health benefits of dark chocolate. My husband then said to me, “Chocolate also gives you happy hormones.” Cute, right?! What he was trying to say was that chocolate causes the release of endorphins, which make you feel happy. But he just translated the German word Glückshormone, which literally means Happy Hormones.
On one of my visits a few years back, I came in the springtime and split my trip between England and Germany. When I was in England, I had seen these bright yellow fields everywhere and had no idea what kind of flower it was. (I naively thought they were flower fields at first.) Then I came to Germany and saw those same yellow fields. So, I asked my husband what they were – meaning, what kind of plant is that. And he said, “Those are rape fields.” Of course, now I know that he meant the rapeseed plant, but when all he said was “rape fields,” my immediate thought was that these were notorious locations for sexual assaults. The German word is just Raps, so he didn’t feel the need to add “seed” to the end, which led to a very confusing conversation for him.
So, this spring has been out of control with the pollen. It has been so bad that every morning I come outside to find a new layer of yellow dust on my car. It’s coating our front door, the sidewalks, street signs – it’s everywhere. Well, a few days ago, my husband and I got into the car together, and I had been thinking about this yellow coating that was taking over. My car had not been parked anywhere near a tree, so I wondered if maybe it wasn’t pollen. So, I asked my husband, “What actually is all of this yellow stuff on the car?” – to which he replied, “Oh, that’s just tree semen.” I about fell out of my seat with laughter and definitely do not look at trees or pollen the same way anymore. The funny thing is that the English and German words are the same – Pollen – but for whatever reason, he thought the English word would be something SUPER literal.
By far, the funniest thing my husband ever said was while walking through a mall in Texas. We were with my mom, and there was music playing over the loudspeaker in the store we were in. It was pretty faint, but if you listened, you could hear it. Well, I don’t remember what song it was, but it was most definitely an unedited version because my mom and I suddenly heard “the P-word.” I’m sure I don’t need to explain that any further to my American readers, but for anyone who is unsure about which word I’m referring to – think outdated slang for kitty cat. So, my mom and I turn to each other in shock, and my husband is like, “What’s going on? What happened?” I told him, “They just said the P-word in that song!” He stood there for a second, thinking, and then with a very confused look on his face, he said, “Poop?”
Ah, the time my sweet and loving husband made the most unintentionally backhanded comment ever. It was a nice sunny day, and I had gone jogging in the afternoon. My husband got home from work and wanted to do a little grocery shopping. I was still in my jogging clothes, with no make-up on, and sporting a sweaty/messy ponytail. I told my husband that I would need time to change my clothes, maybe take a quick shower, to which he said, “It’s fine. You’re American.” Oh, don’t worry. I didn’t let that one go! Now I tease him all the time with it, especially when I look a hot mess.
This might sound totally normal at first, but it was the most innocent thing I think I’ve ever heard my husband say. I had taught him the whole “number one” and “number two” thing on one of his visits to Texas. He’d never heard that before and really seemed to get a kick out of it. Well, one day, we were in the car with some other people, and he told me, loud and clear, about how he had to “do a number two.” In that moment, it felt like it was meant to be some kind of inside joke, and then a light bulb went off in my head. I said to him, “You do know that every American knows what that means, right?” Poor guy! He thought it was a secret code that I had made up and that was only understood between the two of us.
This one had me and the sales girl crying. We were at a Cavenders in Texas, and my husband was trying to find a nice pair of jeans for our wedding. He’d already bought boots, but he didn’t have jeans with the right cut to wear with them. Well, the sizes are different in Germany, so we weren’t 100% sure what size he wore in American jeans. So, we get the sales girl to help us – who is probably 22 or so. She looks at him and pulls a couple of sizes that she thinks will fit him. He goes into the dressing room, tries them on, and comes out to show us. She’s talking him through how they are supposed to fit and where he should feel what. He turns to the side, looks at himself in the mirror, and does the adjusting move that guys do with their jeans while saying, “I don’t know. It cuts my meat.” He was talking about it being a little too tight on his tummy, but the way he said it and the movement he coupled it with, it came across like he was talking about his man area. The sales girl and I both dropped our heads and lost it. To make it worse, my husband kept asking, “What’s so funny? What did I say?” with the most innocent face you’ve ever seen.
As you can see, I have a lot of fun with him! We might have days every now and then when the language causes problems or when our cultures clash in a head-on collision, but we also have days where the sweetest language flubs pop up out of nowhere and bring us back together.
I cried reading this. Please tell your Mann I’m using “happy hormones” when I request chocolate from the hubs.


Truthsayer: we've been through this. Muhammad was not persecuted because he was allowed to live. According to Islamic law, Muhammad deserved death. His followers, such as Abu Bakr, Umar, Ali etc. all deserved to die.
stupid girl watch your stupid mouth before you take the name of the Holy Prophet from your dirty mouth
Greenhouse28 wrote: stupid girl watch your stupid mouth before you take the name of the Holy Prophet from your dirty mouth
Hey, did it hurt? Well it is easy to stop this crap from these infidels. Just prove Ali Sina wrong and this site is gone. Are you game for it?
Its Muhhamad who started all this sh!t. You didnt quote the quotes that tell us why the conflict began. The pagans were a tolerant bunch but they became hostile and aggressive against Muhhamad only when the situation was intolerable i.e Muhhamad didnt stop abusing their GODS.
The Messenger of God proclaimed God’s message openly and declared Islam publicly to his tribesmen. When he did so, they did not withdraw from him or reject him in anyway, as far as I had heard, UNTIL he spoke of their gods and denounced them. When he did this, they took exception to it and united in opposition and hostility to him, except for those of them whom God had protected from error by means of Islam. The latter were few in number and practiced their faith in secret. His uncle Abu Talib was friendly to him, however, and protected him and shielded him from them. The Messenger of God continued to do God’s work and to proclaim his message, undeterred by anything. When Quraysh saw that he would not give them any satisfaction, they objected to his departing from their ways and denouncing their gods, and seeing that Abu Talib protected him, shielded him from harm, and would not hand him over to them, a number of the nobles of Quraysh, consisting of such men as ‘Utbah b. Rabi‘ah, Shaybah b. Rabi‘ah, Abu al-Bakhtari b. Hisham, al-Aswad b. al-Muttalib, al-Walid b. al-Mughirah, Abu Jahl b. Hisham, al-‘As b. Wa’il and Nubayh and Munabbih, the sons of al-Hajjaj, went to Abu Talib and said, "Abu Talib, your nephew has reviled our gods, denounced our religion, derided our traditional values and told us that our forefathers were misguided. Either curb his attacks on us or give us a free hand to deal with him, for you are just as opposed to him as we are, and we will deal with him for you." Abu Talib gave them a mild answer and declined courteously, and they left him. The Messenger of God continued as before, proclaiming the faith of God and summoning people to it.
After this, Muhammad was estranged from the Quraysh, and they withdrew from him and harbored a secret hatred for him. They talked about him frequently amongst themselves and urged one another against him. Eventually they went to Abu Talib once again. "Abu Talib," they said, "we hold you in respect among us on account of your age, your nobility and your standing. We asked you to forbid your nephew TO ATTACK US, but you did not do so. By God, we can no longer endure this vilification of our forefathers, this derision of our traditional values and this abuse of our gods. Either you restrain him or we shall fight both of you over this until one side or the other is destroyed," or words to that effect. Then they left. This breach and enmity with his tribe weighed heavily on Abu Talib, but he could not reconcile himself to surrendering the Messenger of God to them or deserting him.
Muhammad b. al-Husayn- Ahmad b. al-Mufaddal- Asbat- al-Suddi: A number of men of the Quraysh gathered together with a number of other shaykhs of the Quraysh, and said to one another, "Let us go to Abu Talib and speak to him about Muhammad, so that he will give us justice against him and order him to desist from reviling our gods and we will leave him to the god whom he worships for we fear that this old man may die and we may do something which the Arabs will reproach us for and say, ‘They let him alone until his uncle died, and then they laid hands on him.’"
They sent one of their number, whose name was al-Muttalib, to Abu Talib to ask permission for them to enter. He said, "Here are the shaykhs and nobles of your tribe asking permission to visit you." He told him to ask them to come in, and when they had done so they said, "Abu Talib, you are our elder and our chief, so give us justice against your nephew and order him to desist from reviling our gods, and we will leave him to his god."
Abu Talib sent for the Messenger of God, and when he came in he said, "Nephew, here are the shaykhs and nobles of your tribe. They have asked for justice against you, that you should desist from reviling their gods and they will leave you to your god." "Uncle," he said, "shall I not summon them to something which is better for them than their gods?" "What do you summon them to?" he asked. He replied, "I summon them to utter a saying through which the Arabs will submit to them and they will rule over the non-Arabs." Abu Jahl said from among the gathering, "What is it, by your father? We would give you it and ten like it." He answered, "That you should say, ‘There is no deity but God.’" They took fright at that and said, "Ask for anything rather than that!" But he said, "If you were to bring me the sun and put it into my hand, I would not ask you for anything other than this."
They rose up to leave in anger and said, "By God, we shall revile you and your god who commands you to do this!" "The chiefs among them hurried about, exhorting; Go and be staunch to your gods! This is a thing designed…" to the words "naught but an invention.
Look around yourself and you'll find people with virtues are never required to demand respect since they automatically earn it. It is only those that are devoid of any virtues need to threaten and bully to gain respect. Needless to say that quran cannot be from God.
Ibn Ishaq 167 wrote: When the apostle openly displayed Islam as Allah ordered him, his people did not withdraw or turn against him, so far as I have heard, until he spoke disparagingly of their gods. When he did that, they took great offence and resolved unanimously to treat him as an enemy.
Ibn Ishaq 183 wrote: [The Meccans] said they had never known anything like the trouble they had endured from this fellow. He had declared their mode of life foolish, insulted their forefathers, reviled their religion, divided the community and cursed their gods
And do not abuse those whom they call upon besides Allah, lest exceeding the limits they should abuse Allah out of ignorance. Thus have We made fair seeming to every people their deeds; then to their Lord shall be their return, so He will inform them of what they did.
Ibn Kathir on 6:108 wrote: Allah prohibits His Messenger and the believers from insulting the false deities of the idolators, although there is a clear benefit in doing so. Insulting their deities will lead to a bigger evil than its benefit, for the idolators might retaliate by insulting the God of the believers, Allah, none has the right to be worshipped but He. `Ali bin Abi Talhah said that Ibn `Abbas commented on this Ayah [6:108]; "They (disbelievers) said, `O Muhammad! You will stop insulting our gods, or we will insult your Lord.' Thereafter, Allah prohibited the believers from insulting the disbelievers' idols
<lest they insult Allah wrongfully without knowledge.>" `Abdur-Razzaq narrated that Ma`mar said that Qatadah said, "Muslims used to insult the idols of the disbelievers and the disbelievers would retaliate by insulting Allah wrongfully without knowledge "
Cassie wrote: Truthsayer: we've been through this. Muhammad was not persecuted because he was allowed to live.
You shamelessly ignore the 3 or 4 attempts made on his life. I really don't understand how you can keep saying it, especially when you don't have any logically argument. The Quraysh even bragged that they persecuted him.
The worst the muslims did was some mild critisism of their religion. Does that in your world of twisted morals justify discrimination, theft, violence, exile, torture and murder against muslims? I wouldn't be surprised if it did.
skynightblaze wrote: Its Muhhamad who started all this sh!t. You didnt quote the quotes that tell us why the conflict began. The pagans were a tolerant bunch but they became hostile and aggressive against Muhhamad only when the situation was intolerable i.e Muhhamad didnt stop abusing their GODS.
Actually I did. I mentioned that the real persecution first began after they complained to Abu Talib that he was critisizing their religion. But I also showed that there was enmity towards him already when he made his very first public call, such as Abu Lahab saying "Destruction to you" and throwing rocks at him.
TruthSayer wrote: Actually I did. I mentioned that the real persecution first began after they complained to Abu Talib that he was critisizing their religion. But I also showed that there was enmity towards him already when he made his very first public call, such as Abu Lahab saying "Destruction to you" and throwing rocks at him.
What do you expect pagans to do when this prophet started abusing their GODS? I aint supporting those pagans who tried to attack Muhhamad physically but yes Muhhamad deserved ridicule and I dont think pagans did anything wrong by ridiculing him. They ridiculed him because he abused their GODS and not just because he called them to monotheism.You cant blame the entire pagan tribe for the actions of 1-2 . Also though they tried to beat him or strangle him to death but again if it was pre planned murder they could have had him killed easily using swords or any other equipment.Khalil has rightly pointed this out. Other pagans could have prevented Abu Bakr from interrupting while one of them was killing Muhhamad.
Btw If pagans wanted to kill Muhhamad they could have easily done that. They had all the time in the world and also Muhhamad wasnt powerful when he was in mecca so the excuse that pagans wanted to kill him is ludicrous. Also when Muhhamad left Mecca his family and some muslims still stayed in mecca. How come they werent tortured or killed?
Further people of different faiths lived quite tolerantly inspite of the differences in their religion. How come they lived peacefully inspite of practicing monotheism and polytheism? IT was only Muhhamad who was targeted because he was the culprit.
Btw you have a problem when 1-2 meccans tried to strangle him or beat him up but you have no problem with Muhhamad did with them. Killing them is OK If muhhamad does it but its unethical if the pagans just tried to do that. Thats hypocrisy! In the battle of Badr all the pagans were killed by Muhhamad. The battle of Badr was no way defensive. It was all Muhhamad's fault. see this"
Ibn Ishaq 428 wrote: Then the apostle heard that Abu Sufyan was coming from Syria with a large caravan of Qurish, containing their money and merchandise, accompanied by some thirty or forty men… When the Apostle heard about Abu Sufyan coming from Syria, he summoned the Muslims and said, “This is the Quraish caravan containing their property. Go out to attack it, perhaps Allah will give it as a prey.”
So we see your prophet first abuses their GODs . Pagans want an agreement from Muhhamad to stop abusing their GODs and they too would stop ridiculing him but he denies . PAgans retaliate and yes 1-2 pagans became extreme but you shift the blame on all the pagans for that. Thats unfair! . Also they didnt murder him even when they could have done that easily !
Further Muhhamad tries to rob their caravans and it leads to war and muhhamad kills the pagans who ridiculed or tried to strangle him. YOu have no problem with Muhhamad when he kills them.
On the day of Badr, the Prophet ordered that the corpses of twenty four leaders of Quraish should be thrown into one of the dirty dry wells of Badr. (It was a habit of the Prophet that whenever he conquered some people, he used to stay at the battle-field for three nights. So, on the third day of the battle of Badr, he ordered that his she-camel be saddled, then he set out, and his companions followed him saying among themselves." "Definitely he (i.e. the Prophet) is proceeding for some great purpose." When he halted at the edge of the well, he addressed the corpses of the Quraish infidels by their names and their fathers' names, "O so-and-so, son of so-and-so and O so-and-so, son of so-and-so! Would it have pleased you if you had obeyed Allah and His Apostle? We have found true what our Lord promised us. Have you too found true what your Lord promised you? "'Umar said, "O Allah's Apostle! You are speaking to bodies that have no souls!" Allah's Apostle said, "By Him in Whose Hand Muhammad's soul is, you do not hear, what I say better than they do." (Qatada said, "Allah brought them to life (again) to let them hear him, to reprimand them and slight them and take revenge over them and caused them to feel remorseful and regretful.")
What sort of mad man is this? What would you call me If I speak with dead corpses whom I have killed? Just look at the hate this mad man had for them!Even his followers found it odd.Also notice what muhhamad says to the corpses.
See what it means? It means that if quraish had obeyed Muhhamad and his Allah they would not have been dead today! So who is the culprit here?
Islam is a funny religion which is misunderstood by its scholars and correctly understood by ordinary Muslims.
Faith is keeping your eyes shut when looking at the world, and/or keeping your eyes open only for the beauty of the world.
Huh? You can't even change religions in Islam. Ali, Umar, Abu Bakr etc. all changed religion from paganism and hence deserved to die. The fact that the pagans let them live shows that they were better people than you.
The fact that they let Muhammad live for many years in Mecca proves that they were better people than you.
See how Muhammad ATTACKED the pagan religion without provocation. Try that in Mecca today and see what happens. Can a Christian go to the ka'aba and preach Christianity and denounce Islam? No.
LOL! Your prophet was a murderous thin-skinned sex-slaving bandit who deserved to die for insulting the pagan gods and converting pagans to Islam. The fact that the pagans let the Muslim (converts from paganism) live proves that they were SUPERIOR people than you. Can a pagan go to the Ka'aba, insult Allah and preach paganism to the Muslims? No. He'd be stoned to death or beheaded faster than you can say, "Whoever changes his religion, kill him."
infact it is you who is the hypocrite your foul mouth is out of control infact you should be in a burqa
Greenhouse28 wrote: infact it is you who is the hypocrite your foul mouth is out of control infact you should be in a burqa
.... This guy's just too good. We sure we're not dealing with a Poe? I mean, I've never heard of a *Muslim* Poe, but it's probably only a matter of time.
Whether MOhammad was persecuted or not should not even be a question for debate because if he was the messenger of God, then he should have had the power of persuasion to turn enemies into friends which he clearly did not have or use.
expozIslam wrote: Whether MOhammad was persecuted or not should not even be a question for debate because if he was the messenger of God, then he should have had the power of persuasion to turn enemies into friends which he clearly did not have or use.
crazymonkie_ wrote: .... This guy's just too good. We sure we're not dealing with a Poe? I mean, I've never heard of a *Muslim* Poe, but it's probably only a matter of time.
I just noticed some interessting reports in Ibn Ishaq that are relevant to this discussion. I encourage people to read ALL of Ibn Ishaq, rather then just the tidbits presented to you by various distorters.
Abu Jahl at last exclaimed, ‘By Allah I I have a plan which none of you has yet thought of’, and they asked, ‘What is it, o father of wisdom?’ He said, ‘I propose that from every tribe we should take one young, powerful, well‑born man. To each of these, we should give a good sword with which to strike Muham­mad. So we shall be delivered of him, his blood will be divided among all the tribes, and his followers will not have the strength to make war on so many.’ The sheikh said, ‘I see no other plan and the people adopted the proposal and then dispersed.
So there was a representative from every tribe who tried to murder him when he agreed to come to Medinah. And by "the father of wisdom's" own admission, the muslims were in their good right to wage war against every single tribe and every single pagan (but they didn't) He just hoped they were to weak to seek justice. And you cry because the muslims raided a caravan...
And this completely conclusive assesement from Ibn Ishaq, which really should stop any debate about this subject:
Allah had not then given His apostle permission to fight. He had given permission neither to wage war nor to shed blood, but only to call men to Allah, to endure insults patiently, and to pardon the ignorant. Some of the followers of the apostle had therefore been forced to flee from persecution into the countryside, some to Abyssinia, others to Medina and elsewhere. When the Quraysh rejected the mercy of Allah and spurned His prophet, they tormented or drove away men who proclaimed the One‑ness of Allah, believed in His prophet, and adhered to His religion.
From my point of view, you have 2 choices; reject Ibn Ishaq (which also means rejecting the bits you like) or agree muslims were persecuted because of their beliefs which were spreading to a somewhat large number of former pagans.
You havent answered me. AS far as this quote goes again it sounds that Abu Jahl was preparing for war . Your assumption here is Abu Jahl did this planning before Muhhamad raided the pagan caravans and hence Muhhamad raiding their caravans is OK .If this planning was done before Muhhamad raided the caravans then you could have a point otherwise Abu jahl is right in his position. Also Why would a person from every single tribe fight Muhhamad unless there was some serious problem with Muhhamad? This only shows that Muhhamad was the culprit and not the others.

This entry was posted on March 9, 2018 at 1:44 pm and filed under GOSSIP!,Khloe Kardashian,Kim Kardashian,politics,Psychology,Uncategorized,Vast Left Wing Stupidity. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS feed.	
Tags: Boyhood is not a disease that needs to be cured, Boys Are At The Back Of The Class - NPR.org, Christina Hoff Sommers - The War Against Boys - VIDEO, Critics have often noted that schools seem organized more for girls than for boys, Five Factors Driving the Growing Epidemic of Unmotivated Boys and Underachieving Young Men, It's a bad time to be a boy or a man in America, That boys are in disrepute is not accidental, THE CRIME OF BEING A BOY AND THE ADHD HOAX - Patrice Lewis - WND.com, The Growing Attack on Boys - Heather Wilhelm - nationalreview.com, The ordinary boy stares at a sign flashing in the air: ACCESS DENIED, The War Against Boys - CHRISTINA HOFF SOMMERS - TheAtlantic.com, What really happened to boys? - Bruce Deitrick Price - AmericanThinker.com


Collection, and download it for your computer. You could also print the image while using the print button above the image.

Collision-mediated transfer of long-chain fatty acids by neural tissue fatty acid-binding proteins (FABP)
Mammalian fatty acid-binding proteins (FABP) are a family of intracellular proteins (approx 15 kDa) that bind long-chain fatty acids (FA) with high affinity. They are believed to...
A primary goal of the international workshop “Brain Uptake and Utilization of Fatty Acids” was to identify research areas that would benefit from further investigation. The...
The brain is rich in diverse fatty acids saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids with chain lengths ranging from less than 16 to more than 24 carbons...
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) is the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (FA) in the adult rat brain and it accumulates significantly more than any other FA prior to...
The contributions of individual components of blood to brain [14C]palmitate uptake and incorporation were studied with the in situ brain perfusion technique in the...
Zellweger syndrome is the prototypic human peroxisomal biogenesis disorder that results in abnormal neuronal migration in the central nervous system and severe neurologic...
With a personality quiz on your website, you can build a segmented email list that follows up with subscribers based on how they answer a few simple questions.
But designing these quizzes takes some thought. Luckily, I’ve got you covered with this in-depth quiz design guide!
In this how-to post, we’ll walk you through the steps to designing and then creating your opt-in quiz so it converts to more subscribers and more sales, too.
There are so many different ways to create opt-in quizzes… from a “pass/fail” quiz where you segment based on how much knowledge someone has about a topic.
To more nuanced “personality test” quizzes that allow you to get creative with your outcomes and follow up sequences.
One thing I’d love to have you ponder for a few minutes before we get into the “nitty gritty” of quiz design, is what this quiz can represent for your business.
If you design an assessment that really tells people more about themselves, you’re providing value in advance. As human beings we’re on a constant quest for self-discovery, and the more that your quiz can help someone understand themselves better in order to make good choices… the more powerful you quiz will be.
In this sense, a simple “email opt-in quiz” comes a personal development tool that has far reaching repercussions beyond the simple benefits to your business.
Imagine how you can use your expertise and knowledge in your marketplace to design a quiz that will help your ideal customers and subscribers “know thyself” and become even happier and more fulfilled human beings.
Do you want to use this quiz to build your email list and segment people so you can follow up with a specific sales message? Smart, keep reading to find out how to make it happen!
Think about what the “outcomes” of your quiz could be. What are the different categories, or in AccessAlly Pro’s case – what kind of Personality Test outcomes could there be?
For example, if you have 4 different product offerings (say 3 information products and 1 high end service) then you might have 4 possible outcomes for your personality quiz.
From there, it’s easier to come up with your questions and think through what answers might lead to each outcome.
The more outcomes you have, the more work will be involved on the delivery side. Think about it: you’ll need to create a new follow-up email campaign, possibly a different opt-in giveaway (like a PDF download), along with a unique embedded opt-in form to match.
The opt-in setup part of the process is pretty fast with PopupAlly Pro’s help, but just keep in mind that each outcome deserves some personalized follow-up… which is both the advantage to delivering a unique marketing experience, and a disadvantage in creating more work for you.
If you’re using an opt-in quiz to build your email list with qualified prospects (and why shouldn’t you?!) then you’ll want to take a moment to think about what you want to have happen AFTER the quiz… preferably before you have all of the quiz questions written!
The more clarity you have on where you're ultimately sending your quiz takers, the better you'll be able to fine-tune the wording and content of each question on the quiz.
At this point, you know how many outcome “segments” you’ll need to create. So you can map these out with their own sequences. I’m a fan of mind-mapping all of these things, since it tends to make the whole sequence a lot clearer and simpler. From the core quiz concept, you can branch into each outcome, and finally string together a series of email topics.
You don’t need to make each email sequence completely different or start each one from scratch. There might be some overlap in content, especially when you share your story or business’ mission.
But you may want to deliver a different opt-in gift for each outcome… or maybe send out a short email sequence that's specific to the outcome that this quiz taker received.
Don't worry about actually writing all of these emails right now! At this point in the planning stage, we're only focused on knowing how many emails you plan to send, and where they lead to (your sales page, perhaps?). This will make it easier to design the rest of the quiz questions.
With a sequence in mind, you’ll also want to think about what you’ll put on your opt-in thank you page. For this part of the planning, we’ve got you covered with our in-depth Thank You Page guide.
So for example, if you’re doing a quiz where you’re assessing someone’s readiness for adopting a puppy, or which dog breed they might do best with…
One of the questions might be more heavily weighted, like if you’re asking if “this person has ever had a dog before” or if “they have a small child who is afraid of dogs.”
Another question might be less heavily weighted (meaning that it won’t impact the results as much), like asking what their favorite fur color is… Which may impact which breed they end up with in the end, but isn't as important a consideration as some of the other factors.
Spend time during this part of the process to make sure that each question is worded in a way that connects with the outcomes you've chosen… and yes, you might also come up with questions that don’t make much of a difference to the outcome. It's up to you if you want to use them or just skip them completely for the sake of clarity and accuracy.
Now that you’ve mapped out the questions, and started adding them into your quiz settings… you can start to see how the personality test works and how answering certain questions one way will naturally lead to getting a certain outcome.
When everything's programmed in place, it's so, so important to test your quiz. Sometimes we assume that we mapped out our questions just right, but if you answer like a hypothetical quiz-taker you might be surprised how the results turn out.
That’s why I recommend testing your assessment a few times, looking for a specific outcome and making sure that the quiz delivers it.
If you find inconsistencies against what you’d expect to get, it’s time to look under the hood of your quiz logic. Check if you have too many questions and answers that are leading to a specific outcome, or if there’s a way for you to out-weight certain questions to make the final outcomes stronger.
Take a look at a quiz in action by taking our free “Which CRM system is right for you?” quiz. For this particular quiz, no opt-in is required – you’ll see how choosing specific answers leads to an expected outcome.
Now that you’ve done all of the planning and quiz design work, it’s time to put it all together on your website… and to connect it with your email sequences and opt-in code using PopupAlly Pro.
From there, whenever someone fills out your opt-in quiz, they’ll be shown the next step to join your email list… which will sign them up for the exactly follow up email campaign that you designed just for them.
This process is the one that we’ve used time and again to design opt-in and even customer-centric quizzes and personality tests with great success.
Maria Myre is the word person at AccessAlly, where she spends her days sipping on espresso and exploring new, intuitive ways to connect entrepreneurs with the tech tools and training that will best fit their business needs. When she’s not writing tech-y business stuff, Maria enjoys art and horseback adventures in the Great Outdoors.
We offer a complete line of packing and custom moving products, materials, and services (full-service packing and pre-move) for the Issaquah and surrounding areas. Access movers are nonsmoking state-certified van foremen only, all with a minimum of 5 years’ experience. All drivers must pass a vigorous physical test each year and are DOT and ICC qualified.
Our friendly, fast, gentle, and capable drivers care about you. As a result, we move refreshingly fast, clean, and efficiently. We will help you navigate through the details of the moving process to help make it stress-free. We can assist with packing and providing supplies to ensure all of your belongings are secured and properly protected. Contact us to schedule your home or office move today!
Irwindale Accident and Personal Injury Attorney - Accident Attorney Tim McDonough - Auto, Car, Motorcycle, Dog Bite, and more
Accident Attorney Tim McDonough - Auto, Car, Motorcycle, Dog Bite, and more > Irwindale Accident and Personal Injury Attorney
Irwindale Accident Injury Attorney, I will go above-and-beyond to represent you in your day of court; therefore, If you were involved in an accident or personal injury case please give me call (626) 974-8883
Involved in a car accident in Irwindale and in need of legal help? Our Irwindale car accident and injury attorney is available now. Every second counts and immediate contact with any auto accident attorney is beneficial to your case. See how Attorney Tim McDonough will handle your auto accident case Irwindale.
Irwindale Motorcycle Accident Attorney since 1989, Timothy A. McDonough Has The Experience To Win! Specializing in compensation for accident victims in Irwindale resulting in serious or permanent injury on their motorcycle (cruiser, custom, dual-purpose, dirtbike, standard, sport, touring, etc…), scooter, or moped.
Irwindale truck accident attorney Tim has the knowledge to win. Being involved in an accident with a semi tractor trailer truck can have disastrous results. Truck Drivers can be negligent to cars, motorcycles, and other vehicles. Semi trailer trucks / 18 wheelers are known for side-swiping when changing lanes with out properly checking blind spots. Contact Irwindale Truck Accident Attorney Tim.
Irwindale pedestrian struck by vehicle attorney Tim knows the dangers associated with negligent drivers who are unaware of their surroundings or using unsafe driving practices can end in bad results. There is no reason for any car to hit a person(s), especially when the pedestrian has the right-of- way. Contact Irwindale pedestrian hit by vehicle lawyer Tim now.
Specializing as a Irwindale Dog Bite Attorney in Dog Bite Law since 1989, Tim knows how to compensate individuals or families who are victims of a vicious dog bite or dog attack, attack by dangerous dog breed, and many other cases involving trauma by K9. Contact Irwindale Dog Bite Lawyer Tim McDonough.
In most personal injury matters, the Lawyer offers a free initial consultation which, in some cases, can be arranged at your place of employment, residence or healthcare facility. The services include but are not limited to the areas above. Contact Irwindale Personal Injury Attorney Tim Now!
I have words about this, but ultimately the basis of art as a commodity is absurd to me, but I also want to eat and live comfortably. So the mantra will always and forever be, fuck you pay me. I’m lucky that I rarely have to say that to friends, ya’ll are too good to me.
Also sorry I’m late, I turned 27 and we, we being me and what felt like 50 some odd people, celebrated and had a good time and I didn’t stay on top of things. #mybad
if you like the comics and want to show support send some sweet sweet bean juice my way (it’s coffee you sick puppies)

How to Write a College Essay Outline Your ability to write a persuasive and effective essay is essential to a successful college experience. Knowing how to write.
Buy college essays with our college essay writing service and you will definitely see that it is a good decision.
Classic Model for an Argument No one structure fits all written arguments. However, most college courses require arguments that consist of the following elements.
Thursday, June 23, 2011 - page 1 of 7. How to write an A-grade college essay. Know your essay subject You must learn to write essays from an excess of knowledge.
The purpose of this handout is to outline the essentials of a persuasive essay from Call 315-859-4363 or stop by the Writing Center Hamilton College.
Discover why creating an outline may help you enhance your college essay in ways you never even imagined.
How To Write A College Essay no lives are riding on your college application essays, this is a great time to revisit some of the rules of writing.
Trying to devise a structure for your essay can be one of the most difficult parts of the writing process. Making a detailed outline before you begin writing.
Welcome to the Purdue OWL. the outline as a framework for her essay. would follow in order to apply to college. What is the purpose of this essay?.
College essay outline. Math practice problems. Why is the essay. Us short why you follow this blog is a good application essay essays argumentative essay heights.
A basic guide on how to make a good essay outline. Learn how an essay outline can help you structure a great essay.
College paper outline format - Quality Academic Writing and Editing Help - We Help Students To Get Quality Papers For Me Cheap College Essay Writing and Editing.
This is an example of a sentence outline. Another kind of outline is the topic outline. It consists of fragments rather than full sentences. Topic outlines.
Sample Essay Outlines Organize your ideas. Develop an outline to organize your ideas. An outline shows your main ideas and the order in which you are going to write.
Basic Outlining An outline presents a picture of the main ideas and the subsidiary ideas of any subject. Some typical uses of outlining are: a class reading.
Structure an outline for your paper with this free video on how to write a college paper. Whether it's for your thesis, an essay, or a story, you can learn.
How to Write an Outline. An outline is a great way to organize your thoughts and research if you re preparing a speech, an essay, a novel, or even a study guide.
College essay outline structure. Outlining trying to have while it is easy way to mention very closely at the mouse, with just imagine if you want to compromise.
Essay Outline Template: a Short Guide to the Most Important Points. Imagine you were assigned an essay on some disputable topic. You have lots of ideas.Classic Model for an Argument No one structure fits all written arguments. However, most college courses require arguments that consist of the following elements.
College admissions essay outline. 10 making an anti plagiarism scanner to final draft. Not to become wordy in order to; publish three: outline video embedded.
Developing the outline for your essay helps your organize your ideas to tell a story. The outline is a fast and easy way to get your thoughts on paper.
Amber several drafts of your body rushing by embedding analytics depend upon all the publish. Relations, as a conference papers to understand.
How to Write Using a College Essay Outline. A college essay outline can help a student write a better essay. The outline will serve as his guide in weaving the ideas.
Buy a college essay online from reputable writing service. EssayOnlineStore is a perfect place to purchase custom papers and have your homework.
You already know how to write an academic essay. Now, forget all that, because learning how to write the college application essay is different.
Writing Essays by Eleanor Wakefield There are several vital elements to any successful college essay. This handout will define those elements.
Buy Essays online Buy College Essays online and save your time and sleep. Our team of professional writers is one of the best in the market of academic writing.
Most students choose a prompt before brainstorming their college application essay. And most of the time, that works. But sometimes the reverse works.
College application essay outline. One of theonline tools for act school. Dissertation into the outline for college admission essay narrative essay.
A Basic Essay Format A good way to approach an essay is to envision it as a Five Part project. An essay is made up of the Introduction, Three.Buy essay here and learn how to make your academic life easier! Here you can find professional essay writers.
College essay outline - Let us help with your Master thesis. If you need to know how to write a amazing dissertation, you have to learn this Find out everything.
Get insightful tips on how to write an effective college application essay and set yourself apart from other applicants.
The college application essay is a tough nut to crack. Get examples of personal statements and tips on how to write your own, with a step-by-step breakdown.
Another Argument Essay Outline: This outline asks questions that help you critically think about your topic. Highlight-and-print outline.A basic guide on how to make a good essay outline. Learn how an essay outline can help you structure a great essay.
Essay Writing. Some assignments, and most examination answers, will be required to be presented in the form of an essay. An essay is a continuous piece of writing.
Want to learn how to write a college application essay that stands out? Get step-by-step instructions on how to write a good college essay by visiting CollegeQuest.com.
Want to learn how to outline a college essay? Here, see tips and tricks for properly outlining a college essay by yourself.
Buy essay here and learn how to make your academic life easier! Here you can find professional essay writers.
Writing an academic essay means fashioning a coherent set A common structural flaw in college essays is the Overview of the Academic Essay ; Essay Structure.
BestEssaySeller.co.uk: The Best Essay Writing in UK. If you are a student, you definitely have to write essay on every subject you have at college or school.
Writing an Essay Outline Purpose. Writing an essay outline helps organize your information. This will help you build a rough idea of what your essay.
Example of persuasive essay college. Click go persuasive essay contest the hunter college persuasive writing narrative essay examples college essay.

There are also 2 new download options available, for those wanting the optimized version. You can now also download either an installer (hpHosts-optimized-Setup-Win32.exe) or the text file itself (hosts-optimized.txt).
On an unrelated note, there's also a new competition running for those interested. For details, please see;
Great 2 bedroom apartment with American kitchen, comfortably fits four people. Amazing view in front of the Pacific Ocean. Just steps to the best restaurants, fishing places, beach and bus stop. Enjoy the big terrace with the perfect view and sun, amazing for making barbecues!
I have got a very cool place from where you can get all kinds of transportation service from my roof surroundings you can see very nice, clean environment
Not allowed to come home late up to 10 PM is OK Alcohol drinking inside house is not allowed and no smoking weed.
I am a student of travel and tourism so i love to travel and make new cool friends and host foreigner like travelling is my passion not my fashion i love to go nay where whether it is bad or good normally i don't like all books but i like horror movies and books fan of horror. an…

Must the gospel message include a call for people to repent of their sins? “No,” say Free Grace advocates. Is evidence of a changed life an importa...

Brecon Forest Farmhouse is located in an idyllic position at the Heart of the Brecon Forest, in the peaceful hamlet of Llaneglwys.
You'll find plenty of shops offering anything from arts and crafts to local produce and there's lots of cafes for the mid morning treat and afternoon tea.
Swaddle blankets are made with 100% organic knit cotton! Size is 34x44 inches which makes them perfect to swaddle with! They are a great weight of fabric, have some stretch to them, and are breathable, great for all year long! They can also be used to lay your baby on them, used in the stroller or t...
Swaddle blankets are made with 100% organic knit cotton! Size is 34x44 inches which makes them perfect to swaddle with! They are a great weight of fabric, have some stretch to them, and are breathable, great for all year long! They can also be used to lay your baby on them, used in the stroller or the car seat and even be used as a receiving blanket! Make these your everyday blanket!

The Satanic Temple sued Netflix Inc and Warner Bros Entertainment on Thursday, seeking more than $50 million for their alleged unauthorized use of a statue of the goat-headed deity Baphomet in the series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina."
Daily Mail: Airline forces man to urinate in bottle in mid-air and tells him to BUY blanket to cover his modesty
'Bohemian Rhapsody,' 'The Nutcracker and the Four Realms' and 'The Other Side of the Wind' all beg the same question: Who directed this, really?. “My definition of a film director,” Orson Welles says early on in the new Netflix documentary “They’ll Love Me When I’m Dead,” “is ‘the man who presides over accidents.’” For more than half a century, filmgoers have been conditioned to view a director as a movie’s ultimate author and final say... >>
BRB uses Netflix style subscription to offer surprise package holidays. Start-up travel business BRB adapts the subscription based business model made popular by Netflix and Spotify, to offer hassle free package holidays >>
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Netflix plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia. Netflix Inc plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia as it seeks to boost international subscriber numbers, Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said on Thursday. >>
Mowgli: Legend Of The Jungle drops stunning first-look trailer ahead of Netflix release. The streaming service released the action-filled, 163-second trailer for the movie on Thursday, ahead of its theatrical release on November 29 and global launch on Netflix on December 7. >>
Netflix plans to introduce 17 new original productions from Asia. Netflix Inc plans to introduce 17 new original productions from Asia as it seeks to boost international subscriber numbers, chief content officer Ted Sarandos said on Thursday. >>
Netflix plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia. SINGAPORE, Nov 8 (Reuters) - Netflix Inc plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia as it seeks to boost international subscriber numbers, Chief... >>
Netflix to ramp up global expansion – with a push into new foreign language content . Subtitles for House of Cards, starring Robin Wright, were in just a handful of languages but are now in 27. Product chief Greg Peters said the firm was producing more shows and films abroad. >>
Review: Chris Pine stars in the ripsnorting Netflix epic 'Outlaw King'. “Outlaw King” tells a story that is both old and old-fashioned but does it in a decidedly modern way. Cowritten and directed by David Mackenzie, it gives hope to moviegoers who value venerable action genres and will be pleased to see them showing signs of life. Though Mackenzie’s last film, the... >>
Satanic Temple sues Netflix for $150 million for using statue of demon god in 'Sabrina'. The Satanic Church is not happy with "The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina" for depicting satanists as evil and featuring a statue similar to its monument to Baphomet. >>
Satanic Temple sues Netflix over 'Sabrina' use of Baphomet deity. The Satanic Temple sued Netflix Inc and Warner Bros Entertainment on Thursday, seeking more than $50 million for their alleged unauthorized use of a statue of the goat-headed deity Baphomet in the series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina." >>
Secret codes for Netflix Christmas movies revealed. The secret codes to access Christmas movies and TV shows on Netflix have recently been revealed. Here's what they are and how to enter them to access dozens of holiday movies and shows. >>
UPDATE 1-Netflix plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia. Netflix Inc plans to make 17 more original productions in Asia as it seeks to boost international subscriber numbers, Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos said on Thursday. >>

I am a tutor who is passionate about science, and I have an interest in several different scientific disciplines. I love to use hands-on techniques with my students because I feel that it truly helps my students, and it is always interesting to see what they come up with. I also love to teach genetics. I believe that everyone learns differently, and some students may simply need things explained differently than others. I work with my students to match their style of learning.I have taught for over eight years, and this has mostly been on a one-on-one basis. I love to educate my students in Biology and Forensics in particular. I am available to work with students in various science subjects, including Biology, Earth Science, Environmental Science, Physical Science, Life Sciences, Anatomy, Psychology, and Social Sciences. I graduated from Belhaven College, where I earned my degrees in Psychology and Elementary Education. I am also currently working toward my Exceptional Student Education certificate. I have also been involved in the University of Utah's Summer Genetics Institute.When I am not working, I love to read, garden (I love to grow flowers and orchids), spend time with my family, and watch action movies.

Corporate Author: Institute Of Flight Structures, Department Of Civil Engineering and Engineering Mechanics, Columbia University.
You remember Vladislav Surkov, the avant garde artist who removed meaning, facts and truth from the Russian political discourse.
The Vanity Fair article argues that there might be a method to Trump's late-night-attacks-through-unhinged-tweets madness. Like Surkov's communication strategy for Putin, these strange outbursts might be designed to change the subject, subvert the agenda and hijack the media narrative.
Recently, within the context of Donnygate, I wondered if there was a deliberate Surkovian strategy in place at the White House, as it looked like running down Fredo Trump's inane adventures helped hide Kushner's Qatar financial links and a rather scary use of American foreign policy to secure building financing.
But I wasn't sure who was behind it, as Trump is too stupid or senile to be able to pull it off by himself. My money was on the Prince of Darkness Steve Bannon and Boy Blunder Kushner.
Now however, it looks like the dark forces behind the Surkov strategy were Javanka as they pushed for the hiring of Anthony Scaramucci or "The Mooch" as he is known. Steve Bannon was not involved.
He is the new White House Communication Director and unlike everyone else (save Steve Bannon) he reports directly to the President, not the Chief of Staff.
Apparently Kushner felt that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Trump's Chief of Staff Reince Priebus were Republican plants who worked for the party and not the President.
In practical terms, this means that Surkov removes facts and truth and beliefs from the political discourse and sets the daily agenda by feeding a dizzying array of fake, contradictory and seemingly true narratives through various associations, small parties and news media outlets he controls.
He is also very good at changing the subject: when corruption accusations against Putin got traction, Surkov got him to pass a "gay-propaganda law" and next thing you know, everybody was discussing that.
1) He went on ABC News to cite anonymous sources who claimed that there was no Russian involvement in electoral hacking only to reveal the source was Trump.
2) He seemed unmoved by his own negative Trump quotes from the 2016 campaign. At the time, he had called Trump "another hack politician" and "an inherited money dude from Queens County." And he praised Clinton.
3) He then began deleting those old pro-Clinton tweets. And he acknowledged doing so on Twitter where he endorsed her.
4) He told Politico that he was planning to fire assistant Press Secretary Michael Short before telling him. Short resigned when he found out from the media that he was about to be axed.
5) He went on CNN to accuse Reince Priebus as the source of White House leaks. The two men, whose relationship Scaramucci likened to brothers, Abel and Cain, like each other very much, as you can tell from this revealing photo.
6) Finally, to top it all off, he had a very colorful phone conversation with Ryan Lizza of The New Yorker:
“Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac,” Scaramucci said. He channelled Priebus as he spoke: “ ‘Oh, Bill Shine is coming in. Let me leak the fucking thing and see if I can cock-block these people the way I cock-blocked Scaramucci for six months.’ ”
Scaramucci also told me that, unlike other senior officials, he had no interest in media attention. “I’m not Steve Bannon, I’m not trying to suck my own cock,” he said, speaking of Trump’s chief strategist. “I’m not trying to build my own brand off the fucking strength of the President. I’m here to serve the country.”
(On that last point, Trevor Noah noted:"I feel like if that were true, Steve Bannon would be a lot more chilled out. Like, I didn’t even know it was possible to drain your own swamp.”)
During the interview Scaramucci predicted that Priebus would soon be fired and it happened two days later.
While The Mooch was doing with his colorful, contradictory and confusing theatrix, The Donald was busy doing this:
1) He gave a hyper-political and cringe-worthy speech at the annual jamboree of Boy Scouts of America. It was so bad that the Boy Scouts chief had to apologize afterwards.
Without being asked, the Justice Department intervened in a private employment lawsuit on Wednesday, arguing that the ban on sex discrimination in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 does not protect workers on the basis of their sexual orientation. (...)
The move ended a day that began with a tweet from President Trump announcing a ban on transgender people serving in the military, surprising Pentagon leaders and reversing a year-old Obama administration policy.
Also on Wednesday, Mr. Trump announced that he would nominate Sam Brownback, the governor of Kansas and a vocal opponent of gay rights, to be the nation’s ambassador at large for international religious freedom.
Scaramucci's contradictory moves are straight out of Surkov play book. So is Trump's gay bashing, something, as I noted above, Putin used many times to change the narrative.
Why do I suspect that these silly and petulant incidents might be an attempt to hijack the agenda, well look at what was happening at the same time. The Senate tried very hard to repeal Obamacare and it failed dramatically.
John McCain came back from brain surgery and cancer treatment to vote in favor of a procedural measure to have the Senate debate the House draft to repeal and replace Obamacare. It passed only with Mike Pence's tie-breaker vote.
Then, in a very cynical act (to collect maximum "maverick" points) he voted against the House draft, effectively killing the whole repeal idea.
If it wasn't for the dramatic circumstances (brain cancer patient returns to Washington) and the corporate media's endless love affair with St John McCain, we might not have heard about it as The Mooch and The Donald collectively sucked all the oxygen out of the news media.
Still, Scaramucci's expletive-filled rant with Ryan Lizza and Trump's transgender ban tweet received a lot more coverage than the health care bill.
After all, Trump voters do not care about how he governs, they like him as a reality TV star who kicks the other side in the teeth.
They don't care if he takes away their health care, as long he deports brown people and removes any safety net for black people and makes sure that black lives don't matter.
To them, Trump is making America white again and he does it with great fanfare and fun. And in the process, he makes liberals mad.
And that is why The Mooch is now the Communications Director and he reports directly Boy Blunder's father-in-law.
The media reports seem to suggest that it was the new Chief of Staff General Kelly who terminated him.
And now the robber in chief is gonne push his own nice weather propaganda channel we can expect even more of this playbook. but first he's on golf vacation for tree weeks.. And all of this without real crisis...
How do you close the gap between two work locations separated by 1,275 miles? January 2015 we successfully completed a one year remodel project of 79,000 sq ft of office space. You can read more about it on the CableLabs blog. The remodel occurred on the heels of opening a new office and lab in Sunnyvale, CA, the fall of 2013.
Culture is über important to me and the company for which I work. We asked ourselves; what could we do to make the two work locations feel like one – or – at least bridge the gap and lessen the distance?
When the Sunnyvale office opened, we set up a desktop video conference unit at each location creating a virtual helpdesk window. One unit is in a small office and the second unit is in the IT help desk team’s cubes. IT customers come up to the screen, see our IT folks at their desk, and get immediate help – the next best thing short of being in the same location.
The fishbowl is the same idea, just more public and on a larger scale. The fishbowl is set up with larger video conferencing units at each site, in higher foot traffic locations in the office. The fishbowl video connection is on all the time, 24×7. No set up time required, no funky SIP address strings to enter on a handheld remote. It’s always on. I describe it as a portal or wormhole connecting the two offices.
Both sides of the fishbowl are located in a main break area of each office. It’s a natural gathering place for coffee, sodas and lunch. I’m constantly amazed at the different uses people find for it. They walk by, see someone on the other side, wave or stop and have a chat. It’s also easy to have a quick meeting if you don’t mind it happening out in the open with others walking by. Occasionally we’ll meet up with a electrician or wiring technician doing work on site – it’s so much easier to have a conversation over video than trying to explain some wiring concept or problem over the phone. And since the fishbowl is always on, you just walk up and use it. Now you hear the phrase, “lets meet up at the fishbowl.” This same idea is used to interconnect the two labs. Super useful when teams are working on projects and need to easily communicate and collaborate.
It’s not quite the same as being there but the fishbowl concept definitely helps bridge the gap, and increases the frequency and fidelity of communications between offices. I like to call it casual collaboration.
Love this idea of casual collaboration and how technology can give us the feeling of being in one location! It’s interesting that by providing the capability and letting the users organically find the right use, new ways of using the technology emerge. Kudos!
If you want to convert 2852 Pound to EUR or to calculate how much 2852 British Pounds is in Euros you can use our free British Pounds to Euros converter:
We have created this website to answer all this questions about currency and units conversions (in this case, convert 2852 Pound to EUR). If you find this information useful, you can show your love on the social networks or link to us from your site. Thank you for your support and for sharing convertnation.com!
interior barn door pulls interior door knobs interior doors knotty alder interior doors knotty alder interior doors are of interior door.

This page is intended to assist participants with completing their application for the Leadership Development Initiative-Lead Teacher (LDI/Lead) expression of interest (EOI). It is recommended you draft your responses in a Word document before completing the participant application via Survey Monkey (mentors are recommended to go directly to Survey Monkey).
The Leadership Development Initiative is intended to grow the instructional leadership capacity of current leaders who have an authentic teaching component within their role (including head teachers, assistant principals, deputy principals and teaching principals).
Highly effective classroom practitioners (including head teachers, assistant principals, deputy principals and teaching principals) who have an authentic teaching component within their role are invited to submit an expression of interest to participate in the 2019 LDI/Lead. To check for eligibility refer to the department’s Accreditation at Highly Accomplished and Lead Teacher Procedures, 27 Jan 2017 (page 3).
All questions must be completed. Incomplete forms will not be considered by the selection panel. Applications are due by 5.00pm 16 November 2018.
If you require further assistance with this expression of interest application, please contact: leadership@det.nsw.edu.au
While participation in the LDI/Lead will be richly rewarding, it will involve a significant commitment of time and effort.
As a participant, you will need to commit to a year-long program plus undertake NESA accreditation at the Lead Teacher career stage. The LDI/Lead will include a two-day professional learning and planning conference in Sydney in 21-22 on March 2019. Further professional learning conferences will be held 20-21 June and in November 2019 and March 2020.
In Term 3, 2019 and Term 2, 2020 you will be required to complete a survey which will assist us to evaluate the impact of the Leadership Development Initiative.
Eligible participants in secondary schools and rural and remote schools will receive a grant to support participation in the program. You will be responsible for managing these funds including arranging accommodation and travel. Metropolitan primary participants will be school-funded, that is, required to cover costs involved in attending conferences and mentoring activities with school funds.
Your capacity to commit to this program should be carefully considered before submitting an expression of interest.
Your principal or Director, Educational Leadership (in the case of teaching principals) is required to endorse your application and may be contacted to discuss the information provided.
Please ensure you have discussed this application with your principal or Director, Educational Leadership before submitting.
I understand the commitment required to participate in the 2019 LDI/Lead, including the requirement to attend and engage with all components of the program such as professional learning conferences and mentoring activities.
I have discussed my application with my principal and sought their endorsement and understand that they may be contacted to discuss the information provided.
13. Why do you believe you are ready to undertake accreditation at the Lead Teacher career stage? In your answer please refer to the Capabilities of a Lead Teacher in the Australian Professional Standards for Teachers (APSfT) page 7. (approx 200 words)
14. Outline the Lead Initiative (project) that you propose to lead from your school plan. (200 words max.)
15. To answer this section you will need to refer to the department’s Centre for Education Statistics and Evaluation (CESE) document, What works best: Evidence–based practices to help improve NSW student performance. Of the four themes listed below, which theme/s do you plan to address in your Lead Initiative (project)?
16. Which Lead Teacher standard descriptors do you plan to address in your Lead Initiative (project)? These should align to your CESE theme/s in Question 15.
Note: you are required to nominate 6 - 8 of the following 11 standard descriptors from the APSfT. You may also choose to nominate an additional Lead Teacher standard descriptor.
1.2.4 Lead processes to evaluate the effectiveness of teaching programs using research and workplace knowledge about how students learn.
1.3.4 Evaluate and revise school learning and teaching programs, using expert and community knowledge and experience, to meet the needs of students with diverse linguistic, cultural, religious and socio-economic backgrounds.
1.5.4 Lead colleagues to evaluate the effectiveness of learning and teaching programs differentiated for the specific learning needs of students across the full range of abilities.
2.1.4 Lead initiatives within the school to evaluate and improve knowledge of content and teaching strategies and demonstrate exemplary teaching of subjects using effective, research- based learning and teaching programs.
2.5.4 Monitor and evaluate the implementation of teaching strategies within the school to improve students’ achievement in literacy and numeracy using research-based knowledge and student data.
3.2.4 Exhibit exemplary practice and lead colleagues to plan, implement and review the effectiveness of their learning and teaching programs to develop students’ knowledge, understanding and skills.
3.6.4 Conduct regular reviews of teaching and learning programs using multiple sources of evidence including student assessment data, curriculum documents, teaching practices and feedback from parents/carers, students and colleagues.
5.1.4 Evaluate school assessment policies and strategies to support colleagues in using assessment data to diagnose learning needs, complying with curriculum, system and/or school assessment requirements and using a range of assessment strategies.
5.2.4 Model exemplary practice and initiate programs to support colleagues in applying a range of timely, effective and appropriate feedback strategies.
5.4.4 Coordinate student performance and program evaluation using internal and external student assessment data to improve teaching practice.
6.3.4 Implement professional dialogue within the school or professional learning network(s) that is informed by feedback, analysis of current research and practice to improve the educational outcomes of students.
22. Before submitting this application, you will need to discuss the following statements with your principal or Director, Educational Leadership and seek their input.
My principal or Director, Educational Leadership has read the professional capability at the Lead Teacher career stage of the Australian Professional Standards for Teachers on page 7 and supports my participation in this initiative.
My principal or Director, Educational Leadership and I have discussed my nominated standard descriptors at Lead Teacher My principal or Director, Educational Leadership has verified that my Lead Initiative (project) is linked to the school’s plan.
My principal or Director, Educational Leadership endorses and fully supports my application in the 2019 LDI/Lead.
The time required to lead and complete the LDI/Lead including a progress survey and an evaluation and completion report.
Attendance and engagement with all components of the LDI/Lead including all meetings, professional learning conferences and mentoring activities.
Submitting an annotated illustration of practice (evidence set) produced as a result of my LDI/Lead Initiative (project) which may be published on the Leadership Pathways intranet page.
My principal has endorsed my application and I have provided her/him with a copy of this application.
Applications will be assessed by the selection panel in November/December 2018 and the successful applicants notified no later than Tuesday, 11 December 2018.
This information is current as at 15/11/2018 01:10am, AEDT. For the most up-to-date information, go to https://education.nsw.gov.au/teaching-and-learning/professional-learning/leadership/leadership-development-initiative/lead-teacher/2018-ldilead-eoi-preview.
In this activity, students' will record the sound waveform of a tuning fork and analyze the waveform to determine frequency, period and amplitude information. They will model the waveform using trigonometric functions.
Observe the sinusoidal waveform and record the time of first and last peaks, the period, and the number of complete cycles in the Data Sheet
Students' will analyze their data and complete the Data Collection and Analysis Sheet. They will also answer the questions listed in it.
Mark supports clients interested in our 6+1 Trait® Writing Model of Instruction & Assessment services. He plans trait-writing workshops and institutes, as well as events for other programs such as the Oregon Leadership Network and Oregon’s Continuing Improvement Network. In his spare time, you can find Mark hunting for the freshest fruits and vegetables at the Portland Farmer’s Market, as well as exploring the city and faraway destinations.
Maya Angelou said, "A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song." Too often we only ask students for the right or wrong answer. I know that when teachers implement the 6+1 Trait® Writing Model in their classrooms, they are empowering their students to share their songs.

Not the optimal half marathon preparation (oh god, tomorrow!), but finally, a lovely few hours in the garden today. And, coz I like them, some garden pics from last summer too:
but have been subsiding since having been filled. Must be about nine to twelve months ago now. So, time to put in some new material:
After rearranging the Compost heap, it has finally been behaving somewhat (somewhat) better [1]. The heap has two square bins, about 1.6 m in length. There is supposedly an actively composting side, plus either a ready-to-go (or empty) side. But when I checked it a few weeks back it was dry, poorly mixed, and inactive.
I sliced the top off; readjusted it’s green-brown (C:N) ratio; and remixed in available kitchen waste. When checked today; this seems to have now done the trick. And the bottom half, as a result, was finally up for some hard use [3].
The top soil (one spade depth) was dug off the beds; one quarter at a time. A large wheelbarrow load of compost added. This was then forked into the subsoil. The top soil was then redistributed, disguising the work. Two square beds completed: that equates to eight large wheelbarrows of compost and about double that volume of top soil that I dug [2].
When planning and creating the veg garden – four big old large lavender were dug up. So one of my other aims is to start putting herbs, including lavender plants, into the triangle beds. Bees loved the old lavender; even though it was a bit unruly and rather woody. (I still have vague hope of a making my own honey at some future point. And chickens. Did I mention the chicken plan?)
With that in mind, here is the selection of herbs from earlier today. They are all from the local garden centre; they have nice quality plants and some knowledgeable staff.
There are a few varieties of rosemary, thyme, lavender, and a few other herby odds and ends. The two little trees at the back are a dwarf nectarine and a dwarf peach. No idea if they will produce anything worth eating in my garden; but are very cute centre pieces.
The intention is to place one in the centre of each of the two back triangular beds, and then work out arranging the herbs around the feet of the dwarf, as I go.
This was actually the fourth visit to the garden centre to ask after asparagus roots (aka crowns). One of these times they will have got it. But not as yet. The main asparagus bed is really and awaiting its crowns.
Here is Robert arranging the taties today, and wondering if there are bugs in the wood pile to (photographically) add to his spring project book?
And finally, some flower pics that we took together to help illustrate his spring school project. I like ’em:
[1] Although its processing is dodgy – to say the least – and it seems to require constant attention <sigh>. I am hoping all of the large roots (neglected carrots and cankerous parsnip ends) that I am stuffing in the bottom help control it.
[2] Is 90 min of digging too much for me before a road race? Possibly, given the total lack of other training or preparation. But. Ach well. I said I’d be aiming for <2h. The weather forecast is also terrible – lashing rain interspersed with strong winds. (But beating 2 remains the aim.)
[3] Those erratic compost heap edges seem to continue to require regular attention. The problem is partly (at least) a tendency to massively overheat when new green lawn clipping appear.. Perhaps sprinkling the heap from time to time might help.

It rocks, but also has some problems. I googled a bit but found nothing which solved it all so I post here.
On another forum I found the hint to install the NVIDIA-Linux-x86-1.0-9626-pkg1.run, but it won't work.
when I switch the keyboard with "sudo keyboard-setup de.nodeadkeys" to "de.nodeadkeys" the key between the left shift and the "y" key on the german qwertz keyboard is not accessed. That key holds the "greater than", "smaller than" and "pipe" symbol.
Unfortunately I cannot write Italian as I hardly speak any Italian at all but that should be no problem, I hope. I am not of English origin neither.
The version of Sauerbraten shipped with Sabayon is way out of date (by at least two releases) anyway so you should download the latest release from http://www.sauerbraten.org.
ive had that error before too, that sauerbraten error is made for the windows version, im not sure why its the same error on the linux one, anyways you could just reinstall the game and that should fix that problem, for some reason its looking in a different folder for the data files.




• Ceramic radiator with high thermal inertia, able to continue emitting heat for a long period of time even after being off.
• Intelligent Control System (ITCS), the radiator learns the heat up characteristics of the property and turns on at the right time to give the comfort required.

This version of the EDHEC-Princeton Retirement Goal Price Indices represents the minimum capital needed to secure a replacement income normalised to $1 per year in retirement, plus possibly an adjustment for the cost of living. The income cash flows start in January 2048 and last 20 years. In other words, the index is the price of a bond that pays an annual coupon of $1, plus possibly an adjustment for the cost of living during the decumulation period.
Disclaimer: The replacement income is an estimate based on the values of the EDHEC-Princeton Goal Price Index - Retirement Income - 2048. The index is itself based on a model, and it does not represent the actual price of an annuity or a deferred annuity.

An exemption may apply to the reporting of employee expenses on forms P11D as long as the necessary conditions are met. Under the exemption the business must satisfy itself that the employee would be entitled to full tax relief on the expenses reimbursed.
An exemption applies which effectively means that businesses will not have to pay tax and NIC on paid or reimbursed expenses payments or report them on a P11D. The exemption places the onus on employers to determine whether employee expenses are fully deductible for tax purposes.
All other non-allowable expenses are still reportable on a P11D and/or subject to PAYE (and possibly National Insurance Contributions). Employees are able to claim tax relief in respect of unreimbursed business expenses.
The exemption does not apply to expenses or benefits provided under a relevant salary sacrifice arrangement. This includes any arrangement where an employee gives up the right to receive earnings in return for tax free expenses payments or where the level of their earnings depends on the amount of any expenses payment.
In order for an employee reimbursed expense to be treated as an exempt payment, an employer needs to put himself in the position of the employee. The employer then asks himself the question – would that expense have qualified for full tax relief to the employee (were it not for the amount being exempt)?
setting out a corporate policy of which type of expenses are reimbursable and the need for those expenses to be reasonable
The rules allow amounts based on scale rates to be paid or reimbursed, instead of the employee’s actual costs in certain circumstances. Scale rates are generally for travel and subsistence expenses and consist of round sum allowable amounts for specific circumstances.
Benchmark rates are a set of maximum reimbursement rates for meals. These round sum amounts can be used by employers for payment or reimbursement of employees expenses where relevant qualifying conditions are met.
These rates apply only if the employee incurs expenditure in the course of ‘qualifying business travel’ as follows:
one meal allowance per day paid in respect of one instance of qualifying travel, the amount of which does not exceed:
c) £25 where the duration of the qualifying travel in that day is 15 hours or more and is on-going at 8pm or
an additional meal allowance not exceeding £10 per day paid where a meal allowance (a) or (b) is paid and the qualifying travel in respect of which that allowance is paid is on-going at 8pm.
These are rates negotiated and specifically agreed with HMRC in writing. If the business wants to pay bespoke rates for meals or other types of expense, it can apply to HMRC.
Currently employers must have a checking system in place if approved benchmark or bespoke rates are used to ensure that the employee is incurring and paying amounts in respect of expenses of the same kind and that tax relief would be allowed. Exemption is also conditional on neither the payer, nor anyone operating the checking system, suspecting or reasonably being expected to know or suspect that the employee had not incurred an amount in respect of the expense.
HMRC has issued guidance on what checking systems they expect employers to operate. We can assist you with this matter or in applying for bespoke rates so please contact us for more information.
The key travel and subsistence expenses for many employees are their costs in using their own car or van for business travel. Many employers and their employees use the statutory mileage allowances known as ‘authorised mileage allowance payments’ (AMAPs). These are scale amounts that employers can pay to employees using their own vehicle for business travel. For cars and vans, the scale rate is 45p per mile for up to 10,000 miles in the tax year and 25p per mile above this.
For employer provided vehicles the fuel advisory rates can be used to reimburse fuel costs incurred in travelling on business. These rates are updated quarterly throughout each tax year.
Qualifying travel is a necessary condition for both travelling and subsistence expenses to be treated as an exempt expense (and also in the use of business mileage rates for cars and vans). A business journey is one which either involves travel:
However, journeys between an employee’s home and a place of work which he or she regularly attends are not business journeys. These journeys are ‘ordinary commuting’ and the place of work is often referred to as a permanent workplace. This means that the travel costs have to be borne by the employee.
The term ‘temporary workplace’ means that the employee attends the place for a limited duration or temporary purpose. However, some travel between a temporary workplace and home may not qualify for relief if the trip made is ‘substantially similar’ to the trip made to or from the permanent workplace. ‘Substantially similar’ is interpreted by HMRC as a trip using the same roads or the same train or bus for most of the journey.
There will be many variations of types of journeys undertaken by employees so ensuring that it is a business journey is critical especially as the term ‘travel expenses’ includes the actual costs of travel together with any subsistence expenditure and other associated costs that are incurred in making the journey such as toll or congestion charges. Detailed further guidance is available in HMRC Booklet 490.
We can advise on the creation and implementation of a robust expenses system. We can also help with the completion of annual forms P11D. Please contact us for any further assistance or advice.
You are not logged in. Due to the nature of the products we sell, to order products through this website you need to follow a two stage process of registering as a General Customer and then apply for an Approved Trade Account. Until we have approved your Trade Account application you will be unable to access all areas of this website.
This area is intended only for use by the trade account and individual(s) to which/whom a log-in is provided. Access to this area is restricted and contains sensitive and privileged information. If you are not the intended user you are hereby notified that any dissemination, copying or distribution of trade account information is strictly prohibited. All user activity is monitored.
Cookies are used throughout this site. These are necessary to keep you logged in and to allow us to personalise your experience.
If you are interested in becoming a customer of Raytrade UK Limited, you can apply online for a trade account.

Dell Rapids, South Dakota ServSafe® Proctor – The position of ServSafe® Proctor is with HRBUniversal. This is as an independent contractor and is compensated by administered exam given. All expenses are paid by HRBUniversal to conduct ServSafe® Proctored Exam Sessions and ServSafe® Proctor is responsible for all personal expenses (Mileage, Lodging, Meals, etc.). Must be able to proctor exams at a minimum of three days a week within a 30-mile radius of the home location.

Many vendors will offer a special discount, as a show special. Because of the exciting atmosphere at the event, vendors like to encourage “book today” offers. They are so excited to be a part of your wedding that many may discount their services.
Some feel it is hard to stand in front of a booth and collect your thoughts about what you really want for your wedding. By collecting business cards, brochures and pamphlets, you will be able to organize your thoughts in a more comfortable setting later.
These shows are made for YOU! Vendors come to make sure that you feel like you are getting exactly what you want. If you follow these simple instructions and guidelines you will find that it is extremely hard not to have fun.

Let VeggieTales creator Phil Vischer and a bunch of hilarious new friends explain the entire Bible to your kids in this groundbreaking, fast-paced and fun-filled DVD series.
The Big Split: Israel is split in two, and the prophet Elijah faces off with 450 prophets of Baal to prove that Israel's God is the true God!
The End of Israel: A bunch of unfaithful kings lead to the end of Israel and Judah, but Isaiah has an amazing message in Israel's darkest hour.
A good introduction for the reader before taking on the book by C. Foia&scedil; and the author Harmonic Analysis of Operators on Hilbert Space, North- Holland, 1970].
In Life on the Infinite Farm, mathematician and award-winning children's book author Richard Schwartz teaches about infinity and curved space through stories of whimsical farm animals.
The high-quality mathematics titles and textbooks of the MAA Press are now available as an imprint of the AMS Book Program.
AMS members always get free shipping on AMS Bookstore purchases. Not yet a member? Click through to learn more about this and other member benefits.
After the death of her beloved guardian, Miss Felicity Fields is left adrift, her future uncertain. Grief-stricken, she launches a plan to use her knowledge of alchemy to build a Philosopher’s Stone, and bring back to life the woman who was like a mother to her. The last thing this blunt bluestocking needs is the return of Nicholas Harding, the Duke of Wycliffe and rightful owner of her home on the wild coast of Cornwall. He stirs an unexpected passion within her, and Felicity has had enough change in her life.
When they were children, Nicholas never understood his aunt’s brilliant but unemotional ward, or her many strange scientific studies. He ought to take her back to London, so she can make a proper society match–except he can’t stop thinking about her. But with the line between life and death blurred by Felicity’s macabre experiments, can he convince her that she’s no longer alone, and her proper place is by his side?
They did not look him in the eye and demand—the audacity of her, his mother would have said—to know why he’d arrived at his own blasted property.
Even if it was property he’d never wanted, property he’d gone out of his way to avoid until it had become painfully obvious to society that he wasn’t doing his duty. He couldn’t afford the beau monde’s scorn, not if he hoped to have a better session in the House of Lords than the previous Season.
That was what mattered. Not this unsettlingly wild and dark estate, and definitely not Felicity Fields’s lack of respect for him.
After spending so many summers here, he ought to know that Felicity was not like normal people. Since arriving at Tetbery as a child, she’d never left the estate. No trips to London for a proper Season, like her position should have dictated. His aunt had insisted upon seclusion after the death of the earl, and Felicity had paid the price for it.
Not that she’d ever seemed to mind. She said the first thing that popped out of her mouth and did precisely what she wanted, with no repercussions. He envied her for that.
“This is my estate,” he reminded her, matching her coldness with his own brand of disregard—lofty hauteur, perfected from years of reminding people who he was. “And it is, after all, the holidays. I wished to spend it with the people I care about.”
“Then you should have stayed in London, or gone to Wycliffe Manor. Not come ere.” She peered down the bridge of her nose at him, making him feel as though he were much, much smaller than he was.
It was clear she did not share his sentiment. He ignored the tiny twinge of hurt at that realization, reminding himself that he did not need her to like him to do right by her.
AUTHOR BIO: Erica Monroe is a USA Today Bestselling Author of emotional, suspenseful and dark romance. Her debut novel, A Dangerous Invitation, was nominated in the published historical category for the prestigious 2014 Daphne du Maurier Award for Excellence in Romantic Suspense.
Her current series include Gothic Brides (Gothic Regency romances), The Rookery Rogues (pre-Victorian gritty working class romance), and Covert Heiresses (Regency spies who are the children of a duke). Her books have been recommended reads at Fresh Fiction, Smexy Books, Smart Bitches Trashy Books, and All About Romance.
Her favorite things include coffee, profanity, comic books, and television. She lives in the suburbs of North Carolina with her husband, two dogs, two cats.
When not writing, she is a chronic TV watcher, sci-fi junkie, lover of pit bulls, and shoe fashionista.

Sesame seeds are tiny, ivory-colored seeds with a mild, nutty flavor. Black sesame seeds are also available. Both types are used most often as a garnish on sweet and savory dishes.
Place the seeds in a small, dry, heavy frying pan over moderate heat and stir until they are aromatic, 1-2 minutes. Cool slightly before using.
Smoked chicken, sold in specialty-food shops and delicatessens, has a sweet, mildly smoky flavor and a tender texture.
Smoked fish fillets are the fillets of fish, such as salmon, trout, herring, mackerel, and cod, which have been cured with aromatic woods to give them a delicate or strong smoky scent and flavor. They are available from well-stocked grocery stores and fish markets.See also smoked salmon and smoked trout.
Sorbet, French for “sherbet,” is a smooth, soft frozen dish made from pureed fruit or fruit juice and sugar. Unlike sherbet, sorbet does not contain milk. It is sometimes flavored with wine or liqueur. Sorbet is served as a palate cleanser between courses or as a dessert. Sorbet is also referred to as ice or granita but these have a more grainy texture than sorbet.
1. So, we start with the fact that we wipe the curd through a sieve or tolchёm in the mortar. Then thoroughly mix it with sugar and sour cream.
2. Now the soaked gelatine in 50 ml of warm milk and leave to swell. Normally it takes about 15-20 minutes. Take the remaining milk (50 ml), heat it, but do not boil and then pour in a thin stream swollen with milk gelatin, stir.
3. Now take the canned pineapple and finely cut them if necessary. Mix cottage cheese with fruit and gelatin, poured into small cups and put in the refrigerator for about 3-4 hours.
Mirror 2 : Download for Mobile Android and iOS Developed by NCSoft, AION is a fantasy war game. The player can progress in the game using different set of skills that are acquired at various levels of the game. The player has to go for wars and thus gets to win…

If I were to rank the 10 amendments in the Bill of Rights from most significant to least significant, at the top of the list is the First Amendment. This sacred amendment even affords me the right to agree with Bill Maher that Donald Trump’s birth father is an orange orangutan (I sent private investigators to Asia — you won’t believe what they’ve found). But anyway, the derivative of the First Amendment — among other things — is “freedom of speech.”
This term is somehow extremely divisive, pitting the University of California, Berkeley against conservative speakers like Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos, and President Donald Trump against the NFL. Therefore, in a completely brazen attempt to solve the issue, I will define freedom of speech: the right to say (or demonstrate) any opinion — that does not directly cause immediate harm — in a public forum.
If Trump got his way, it would be totally within the First Amendment for NFL owners to fire players who protested the national anthem. The NFL is a private organization and it has a right to restrict the speech of its employees during its own time. Before nasty liberal comments roll in — I am certainly not arguing against the NFL players who protest. These players — on their own time — can and should advocate whatever political position they hold without retribution. These aren’t gladiators performing in a colosseum — let’s not treat like them like it.
Campus restrictions on free speech are legal, but that does not make them ethical or helpful. If someone wants to advocate against Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, preventing them from speaking by categorizing them as white supremacists only furthers the divide. Let Ann Coulter speak to the Berkeley College Republicans — all three of them — because giving her a “platform” isn’t mainstreaming her opinion, but denying her the right certainly gives her a wide creek of right-wing support.
As Michael Bloomberg said,“College students and administrators have been displaying a shocking disregard for First Amendment rights. Recent incidents involving violent protesters and overzealous administrators have made headlines, but they are not isolated cases. An unwillingness to hear opposing views is getting to be a defining feature of campus culture.”
According to a poll conducted by Brookings, 44 percent of college students say the First Amendment does not protect against hate speech. I’m sorry to say it, but “hate speech” is not a crime. Believing in and arguing for white supremacy is not illegal. Shouting down speakers at public universities is a direct violation of freedom of speech; at private universities it is merely against the spirit of it. And yet according to the poll, 51 percent of college students support shouting down a speaker who holds opposing views. Hate speech is morally reprehensible, but still legally protected.
On that note, the internet chaos also exploded recently surrounding the punching of a neo-Nazi in Seattle — coming to theaters near you! There was also a neo-Nazi seen riding a bus with an armband swastika. I’m of the opinion that you don’t punch people because of what they believe in, no matter how awful it might be; I’d rather just laugh at them — I mean how does a member of a supposedly “superior” race have to ride a bus in Seattle?
I’m also of the unpopular opinion that a person shouldn’t be fired for holding Nazi beliefs — as horrific as that sounds. That’s what freedom of speech is about. But, I would be the first person to demand his firing should he bring any of those beliefs into the workplace.

This page displays information about SUSPENSIONS. There are no guarantees is made as to which school or school district school-aged children living in this area would attend. Please contact the school district for information regarding school attendance, enrollment and boundaries.
Hot sunshine burns into my face, thawing the icicles of disbelief that lock me in place. I lean down, looking over the stupid glasses to read the last faded line: 1.3 kilometres, left turn at Hanson Street.
A bullet spangs off the sign, approximately where my head had been and paint flecks sting my face. The half-crouch of surprise causes my jumper to ride up, exposing more butt crack than a seasoned plumber. A chaste downward pull corrects this, but my mate, Greybeard the Pirate, takes offence.
He yells through that giant beard while hobbling towards me, using of the gun as a crutch. I hope he’ll shoot himself each time the stock thumps the ground.
Oh great. A religious nut. I’ll admit our new world is an incubator for mental instability, but I resent being called names under false pretences. The kid’s not dead. In fact she’s bawling loudly; but I’m getting used to that.
If called upon to provide a swift summation I’d label him the Creep. He parodies them perfectly in those grotty, lived-in clothes and hitching walk. Only by his crazed voice do I know the clothing results from intentional neglect, and his gait is a result of arthritis or poorly mended bones.
The devil’s advocate briefly considers my own modicum of clothing. Creeps favour an unflattering randomness of apparel it is true, and my foot-sore hobbled gait could be construed as a zombie-like shamble.
Regardless of my bizarre appearance, I view his religious-tainted vendetta and blatant persecution with dread. This old mind-broken freak will track me to the ends of the earth. Why can’t he shoot one way and run in the other like I always did?
Though bruised and battered, my feet cover distance faster than his acute limp. I hop between grassy tufts sprouting at the edge of the asphalt and the footpath’s cracks, weaving around trees and power poles to frustrate a clean shot from behind.
He’s still coming; gamely swinging his dicky leg. He spots the sweaty face peering around the red box and reshoulders the rifle. Fortunately he’s exhausted and the heavy barrel droops before the trigger is pulled. He doubles over, clasping a hand to his knee, breathing hard.
I race off; down to a fast walk now, but reach a small roundabout well in front of the murderous oldster.
Remembering the sign’s instructions I break left down Hanson Street. This is not the route I’d driven in on, however from this direction fewer houses separate me from my goal. The nursery’s triangular, bright orange roof is a highly visible landmark. A few hundred wincing steps more brings the large, shade-clothed greenhouse into view.
Risking a shot in the back, I leave the road. Striking out across a thickly grassed stretch of land adjoining the nursery will get me there that much quicker.
I reach a sagging, triple wire fence that protects the property and stand outside the legal boundary, swamped by uncertainty. Fate’s fickle hand has been firm against my back, speeding me along at a pace that encourages accidental deaths. A hiatus from my usual progression of bad to worse might be halted if I had time to think.
The rolling echo of a high powered rifle discourages deep contemplation. It will also be attracting the attention of everything in the vicinity. Very cautiously I grab a handful of barbed wire and swing my dangling manhood clear. I tense again when a second report trails another bullet which misses.
From the wire straddled position I look back to see the old gunslinger at the roundabout corner. He leans against a signpost, steadying his aim for another shot.
I’m well over two hundred metres away. Providing life’s roulette wheel isn’t rigged by Bad Luck’s hand I’d wager I'm an impossible target for his marksmanship. On second thoughts, when it comes to Bad Luck’s mischief, a million-to-one chance pays out more often than I like.
The greenhouse is torn to shreds. Pots and racking are in disarray, trashed by a hundred careless hosts who’d broken in to get at me. Thankfully the vandals have been called away. Judging from the Creeps I’d seen inside the barrier there’d been a massive redeployment back to the hive.
So here I am, brought full circle back to the spot I’d been taken from. So many things had happened in so short a time span I get dizzy thinking about it.
My beautiful, beaten up truck is right where I left it, poking out from the broken gates. I approach, hearing my feet tacking loudly as I peel them from sticky scraps of meat. Gnawed bones are also scattered, and I notice the stack of dead hosts, shot between the truck and fence post no longer fill the gap.
Upon reaching the truck I hunker to survey the interior of the shade house. Surprises will not be tolerated.
A closer bang from a familiar rifle makes me jump and curse. I open the truck’s door and toss the baby onto the seat, reassuringly touching the swipe-card that dangles from the key-ring.
I turn the key until the dash glow plug symbol lights up then twist it further. The engine growls into life, puffing black smoke into the air.
Jumping in to drive away is almost irresistible, but I know the loading ramp is down. Much as it galls me, I have to raise it. Dragging it in the lowered position will strand us at the first speed bump.
I squeeze through the gap between the bent and bloodied gate and truck, watching every direction at once for unfriendlies. Nothing moves except torn shade-cloth in the light breeze.
My shotgun lies where it had fallen, next to a torn, burnt, and bloodied jumper of previous multi-colourations. There is some kind of bird knitted into the pattern. It wasn't something I’d noted whilst in the throes of my killing spree.
A large water feature's mirror provides a sudden revelation, I stretch out the front of the purple creation I’m wearing and stare at the dirty-white duck embossed on its front.
Shaking off the spooky feeling that my life’s troubles are orchestrated by higher beings for their amusement, I pick up the shotgun and collect cartridges from the ground. Reloading the gun, I scurry to an intact corner and look out.
The red-faced, swearing, gun-toting maniac is about fifty metres into the paddock I’d crossed. I raise the shotgun and shoot at his head. I miss of course, but the reaction is priceless. He stops, confused beyond comprehension, and then drops his rifle-crutch, reaching for the sky in surrender.
Uninterested in prisoners I fire again. The 00 buckshot tears a hole in the grass at his feet. Damn barrel must be bent; I’m still aiming at his head.
Angry at being chased so far for no good reason I fire one more time, shrugging when fleeing figure doesn’t fall.
I sigh before running to the truck where I grab up the ramp controls. The electric motor whines and the metal plate rises in slow motion. I constantly shift and twirl, examining every tiny movement in every direction. Paranoia builds a sense of impending doom that no amount of lip-biting can calm. The ramp isn’t quite closed when the fear takes over.
I drop the rubberised controller and have scraped through the too-small gap before bringing myself under partial control. I’m hyperventilating as I clamber aboard the truck. My head is so full of the most efficient sequence to get us rolling I almost forget the baby. At the last moment before my butt crushes her I reach behind to scoop her up then fall back heavily. A quick look at the glove box is rejected as an appropriate place for her, leaving the document tray the next best spot. I displace most of the sharp objects and place her in it, then slam my door shut and slap down the lock.
We’re moving! The pall of doom around me is pushed back, the way a recovering patient would reject his prematurely placed funeral shroud. Flagging spirits draw hope when each second passes and that constant last minute disappointment doesn’t show its dreaded self.
The truck engine growls smoothly under load. Whatever is on board is heavy and loosely packed. I’ll need to drive carefully if I am to get us home safely.
Still looking good! I check the blog a few times a week, awaiting the next update! I can't wait to see what's happened to Kristine and whether or not the psychic abilities are to remain around. Very good writing.
Thanks for hanging in there Jeremy. You may have noticed the frequency of episodes published slow as I delve into unknown areas. Everything after Sam's visit to the nursery has been 'off the cuff' writing.
Some episodes have suffered from forced publishing inside my self-imposed 10 day limit. Even if it's not right I publish anyway at that point. It kills me when I must submit sub-standard writing but the pressure of a deadline helps keep the story moving and takes me in unexpected directions all the time.
I haven't even had time to re-read the story as a whole myself. I hope I'm not disappointed. And I don't look forward to coming across the many mistakes that people have been reading for the past year.
OK, so this is the second use of this term. A subtle difference in our speech. We say, "let the clutch out." Hopefully you have ignored my earlier suggestion for altering this term.
It's personal preference as to which term you use. I drove trucks for a while and this is the way we described allowing the clutch to take up.
I wander from Kristine’s room and instantly lose my train of thought. Obviously, events the average mind shouldn’t be asked to deal with have caught up with me. The drugs dampen a frothing upwelling of emotion but their hold is tenuous.
I squelch when I slump into the sofa. A little sob is forced out but I clamp it down resolutely and concentrate on peeling off the sodden leather. The jacket and pants cling to my body like a Boa-constrictor. Liberation from its wet embrace lifts my depression a peg or two; enough to consider my next move anyway.
Dumping my clothes in a sloppy coil on the floor reminds me of the last excursion and its similarly bad ending.
I’m determined to put it all behind me, now that I’m safely reinstalled in my man-made womb. Contracting into a huddled pose and never moving again is a preoccupation that is both unhelpful and highly attractive.
The cold air pumping from an over-enthusiastic air-conditioning vent goose-bumps my skin. I sigh and reach for a discarded blanket, using it to towel off. The blanket was hiding a nearly finished bottle of scotch which I grab by the neck. The bottles’ usefulness is ended as I guzzle the dregs.
A stiff drink is the perfect pick-me-up. Alcohol lights up any remaining specks of medicine in an otherwise empty stomach, turning nervous tension to crumpled silken pleasure. Pain production factories all over me gradually lower their output. This floating sensation could use enhancement. I get up and make for my collection of bottles. Several anti-depressants dissolve in a beer; chased by more liquor.
Lightening flares through the kitchen window. I shut off the lights and open the blinds wide to watch the impressive display scorch clouds and arc to ground. The building shakes with the muted concussion of rolling thunder. Rain batters thick glass in solid sheets. The building’s solid exclusion of the furious storm comforts my vulnerable disposition.
But, there’s something I must do before falling into the longed for sleep. Maybe the thought of those inevitable dreams helps me to dial back my inner glow and leads me to the kitchen table where I sit gingerly. Abused back muscles knot and lock; resisting the seated position. A trickle of blood runs down one leg, tickling. The fiery cavern inside my stabbed butt cheek burns uncomfortably. Even the pharmaceuticals can’t erase that particular deep throbbing.
Pen and paper appear beneath my hands and I descend into a semi-hypnotic state as I debrief myself. Page by page I list and record the residual images that Parasite mind probe left behind. I am barely controlling the nib that continues to print letters at high speed. The free-association writing session dismisses the deep, healing sleep that waits for its chance to claim me.
Scrabbling for more instruments I cover a city map with concentric circles. The smallest of these is the location of our rude attack. Intuitively, I tap my pen on top of the massive shopping plaza nearby and feel certain it is here they must dwell. We’d touched the outer perimeter of a giant nest and stirred up a widespread, and very active, community.
I’m forced to admit they’ve chosen their location well. The Plaza contains kilometres of underground, shop-lined thoroughfares, fed by dozens of escalators and stairwells which were purposefully installed to deliver and expel high volumes of human traffic. My admiration for their use of our temple of consumerism is tempered by my imaginings of the horrors it now contains. From the numbers we’d seen above ground, what would it be like down in the depths of that place?
Whether caused by the drugs, brain damage or a micro-sleep I sense something twitch inside my head. I fall inward and examine a deceitful mark, left plastered to my mind like a smoky imprint, presumably left by the child-host. This soft brain-scab, a barely sentient entity, shifts nervously under my gaze. Divorced from the higher intelligence it normally plugs into, the alien things’ reactions are dull. Even so, before my awareness of it has fully formed, the repugnant thought-mist erupts in fear. It bumps around my mind, like a blow-fly in a jar, before finding a way out of my head.
It runs and I instinctively follow, splitting from my physical form with a painless tearing that promises to hurt later, when, or if, I return. Undeterred by this knowledge, and dismissing the magnitude of this occurrence, I trail the scurrying spy at a soundless, super-speed, bursting through our fortress walls. The guiding dark streak and my consciousness rush across the dead city, directly towards the Plaza we so recently fled from.
Strangely watered-down terror is easily ignored as I break inertia’s laws and slow effortlessly above the massive sprawling building. The sneaky smudge I’ve followed bonds with the murk covering the Plaza and is gone. The terror-free state I enjoy buoys my curiosity. I am emboldened to penetrate the rippling, grubby cling-film. It absorbs me without resistance and I seep fluidly through the porous steel and concrete roof. Here I come to a halt, floating mildly above a seething cast of thousands.
I watch, intrigued, as the mingling crush of Creeps and Crawlies shuffle and skitter around below me in the unlit dimness. I feel their collective mind lap at me. It contains strong impulses that guide their every move. I draw in these second-hand senses and taste the thick, hot stench of uncirculated air; foul with human waste and rotting meat. Never is a word spoken, nor a cough or sneeze expelled. In fact there is very little noise at all. Theirs is a deathly quiet lair that rustles with the rub of skin and clothing; unbroken by a single human voice.
A radiated signal flows around me. A harsh and uncompromising order to obey flow to the masses. Like a large bell tolling, the command has a repetitive, comforting feel about it. I redirect my point of view in the direction of a ponderous shifting. The real world is ruffled by clouded depths and the dark palace of a Queen is revealed through a veil of dark matter. She procreates without pause as telepathic demands radiate from her mind. No: She doesn’t initiate those orders. She is only an amplifier of this signal. A further, dangerous curiousness wrenches me in towards the source.
I am dared to pry into a cavernous space that I “recognise” as a war-room. The floor is littered with the listless husks of small children. They are all infected by Parasites. The term “Generals” intuitively come to mind, and I know them as the most intelligent of their species. These are the ones who formulate their plans and direct their army against us.
A subtle atmospheric change alerts me to danger. The spy has been debriefed and the highly sensitive Generals cast alertly for my ghostly presence. We share the shock as I am discovered, but they recover quickly and reach for my tenuous form.
Somewhat urgently, I rush from their lair at break-neck speed. I careen blindly back along a pre-determined path to crash into my body. The entire wild ride takes a micro-second.
Roughly re-bodied I blink my tearing eyes and clasp a throbbing head, sweating and dwelling on the… imagined… scenes. I am shaking and overcome with self-doubt. Can I really accept the fantastic possibility that I have just travelled a large distance, and witnessed secrets, without moving? Astral travelling? Telepathy? Mind control?
Despite the bizarre events that occur to me all too often these days, I flounder in the absurdity these terms bring forth. Even now my natural inclination to scoff.
After a few moments I hesitantly delve once more inside my own head and sink into the quicksand of my mind. Alone this time I look around in wonderment at the shredded surrounds. That child-host has done me some grievous damage with its gouging. The mess of nerve connections it so recently tore up are crackling with energy and waving about blindly. I try to contain the fear of what effect this destruction means to my well-being. I also wonder how long it will be before those creatures learn to use their clumsy sorcery more subtly. Once they work out how to manipulate our very thoughts we won’t be safe anywhere.
Returning to the world is like being turned inside out. I clutch the tables’ edge hard and stare down at the bits of paper I have drawn impossible conclusions from. They will need further study and interpretation, but not right now. I’m tired and sore, and a deep and most deserved sleep calls to me.
I step into my bathroom to face the mirror. My reflection and I clamp our lips tight, determined not to discuss the damage we see. Some people have said my features had already felt the Ugly Stick’s wrath at birth. Well, they should see me now. My face is an arrangement of lumps and cuts. Dirt and blood fill any gaps that are not slashed or abraded.
Mirror-me’s eyes are accusatory. They want to know why I must return from these excursions minus half my skin and blood. It’s a good question with no ready answer.
I turn my head and see how a persons’ ear fares when slid across a brick surface. In my case; not so good. I have an asymmetrical, bloodied knob in its place. It doesn’t help my humour when I recall it’s the same ear molested by a Parasite’s leg not so long ago.
A field of shallow cuts criss-cross one of my cheeks. That was courtesy of that lunatic’s surprise barbering session with his combat knife’s serrated back edge. A grossly swollen eye socket completes my Elephant Man impression with a static half-wink.
I look down a little. The room for bruises had run out on my chest but they are happy to overlap in the more popular places. Luckily exercise avoidance has maintained a cushioning fat layer, possibly saving my ribs from being broken. The joy of this revelation is subdued.
A low pressure, warm shower soaks my wounds and revives tamped down pains. I scrub at facial gravel-rash as a self-inflicted payback for the hurt I caused Kristine when cleaning out her cuts. Screaming through clenched teeth is unfulfilling, but I am mindful of my patient.
An alcohol wash, liberally applied to wounds, is overenthusiastic. I get some in my eye and almost bite through a towel I cram into my mouth to quieten a yell. My butt is hard to see. I blindly pour alcohol across the area and rub cream in by feel. The wound is hot and swollen. After gently caking my ring-barked wrists I’m set to dress.
Another selection of pills alters my reality further as I move from mere pain suppression to playtime. I deserve a blow out; I’ve been through a lot. Before the indulgence takes hold, I check on Kristine. She sleeps like the dead in a far too realistic way and I must sneak very close before her shallow breathing is discernable.

My book Mom Loves You Best Forgiving and Forging Sibling Relationships, New Horizon Press is now out on Kindle. Continue reading →
Posted in adult sibling rivalry, Aging parent, brother, dysfuntional family, Elderly Siblings, extended family, geriatric care manager, Kindle	| Tagged Amazon, blood brother, Cain and Abel, family drama, family rules, half-siblings, Kindle, midlife siblings, sibing relationship, sibling forgiveness, sibling rivalry, stepsiblings	| 1 Comment
Here is a checklist for midlife siblings to take , on your summer visit I have given you ten red flags to watch for when you spend time with aging parents. This means you may have to get out your magnifying glass, like Sherlock Holmes, and really look for clues. Continue reading →
Posted in Aging parent, Baby Boomer, brother, geriatric care manager, half siblings, Parent, red flags for summer visit to aging parents, sibling team, sisters, summer family reunion	| Tagged blood brother, brothers arguing, family drama, geriatric care manager, half-siblings, red flags for midlife siblings, sibing relationship, summer visit to aging parent	| Leave a comment
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged brother, Cain and Abel, East of Eden, family drama, James Dean, kids fighting, Steinbeck	| Leave a comment

This gives you access to the web pages of state agencies, commissions, and elected officials as well as government services available online.
Click above to access current information about legislation as well as information about current State Senators and Representatives.
Divisions of the Secretary of State’s Office include: Building and Grounds, Business and Commercial Services, Capitol Facilities, Communications and Education, Elections, and State Capitol Police.
The Arkansas Commissioner of State Lands' primary responsibility is the collection of delinquent taxes on real estate.
NLGA organized in 1962 and is the professional association for the elected officials who are next in line of succession to the governors in the 50 states and five territorial jurisdictions. Click above for more information about lieutenant governors in other states.

The LORD will be king over the whole earth. On that day there will be one LORD, and his name the only name.
Some people dream of wealth. Some people dream of fame. Others dream of power. There are many more things, much darker things, that people keep hidden in their hearts.
There are those who long to see what is described in Zechariah. They long to stand before the Lord and to be forever in His presence. Above all else, they pray for the day that the Lord will return. The things of this earth, wealth, fame, power and other things, mean nothing to them. Their one and only desire is to be with Jesus!
Do you fear the day that the Lord will return or do you desire it with all of your heart? Perhaps you fall somewhere in between. You think that you don’t fear it, but at the same time, you don’t want it to happen because you are afraid that you will miss out on all of the things that a life in this physical world has to offer. What are your thoughts on the return of Jesus? Are you ready to leave this sinful world and spend eternity in God’s presence or are you enjoying the things of this world? One day sooner than we might expect, Jesus will return for those He calls His own. He will establish His kingdom and we will be with Him.
When Simon saw that the Spirit was given at the laying on of the apostles’ hands, he offered them money and said, “Give me also this ability so that everyone on whom I lay my hands may receive the Holy Spirit.”
Peter answered: “May your money perish with you, because you thought you could buy the gift of God with money! You have no part or share in this ministry, because your heart is not right before God. Repent of this wickedness and pray to the Lord. Perhaps he will forgive you for having such a thought in your heart. For I see that you are full of bitterness and captive to sin.”
Unfortunately, Simon is not the only one who has tried to buy the grace and power of God. The only difference is that most people try to barter with God instead of offering money to those who come in God’s name.
Have you ever heard someone say that if God will do something for them, then they will commit their life to God? The only thing that seems to vary in this equation is what each person wants as their part of the bargain. Some want to live. Some want fame and fortune. Some even want to blessed with the power that Simon was seeking.
I honestly believe that there really isn’t a difference. In both scenarios, the one who is seeking is willing to do whatever it takes for them to get what they want. Did you catch that? For what they want! They are trying to gain something to further their kingdom and God is only the provider of the means. They fail to realize that God gives gifts to whom He pleases. They also fail to realize that God looks at the heart. He knows who is sincere and humble. He knows who will turn what God has given into a situation that cries out “Look at what I have done,” instead of “Look at what God has done!”
There is a difference between eagerness and selfishness. Be careful that you do not make the mistake that Simon made. Pray for guidance. Pray for wisdom. Pray for insight. Pray for patience. In time, God will reveal to you the gifts that He desires to give you for use in His kingdom. Just remember that they are for His kingdom and not yours!
Leave a Comment »	| bartering with God, eagernesss, ego, is it for God or is it for you, Motives, pride, the grace and power of God, trying to buy God	| Tagged: barter, Be still, buy grace, difference, eagerness, forgive, gift, God, guidance, heart, His Kingdom, insight, Lord, offered money, Patience, power, pray, repent, selfishness, Simon, sin, spirit, want, wisdom	| Permalink
But the saints of the Most High will receive the kingdom and will possess it forever–yes, for ever and ever.’
God gave this promise to Daniel long before it will come to be. Daniel was speaking about a vision that he was given concerning the end of days, yet all of us can hold fast to that promise no matter when God will end the Age of the Gentiles.
All throughout the Bible, God gives us foresight into what will happen, and guess what? He wins. God does not wish for any to perish, but one day He will bring about an end to the evils of this world and establish His Kingdom. Those who believe and keep God’s commandments will inherit the Kingdom as Children of God.
What does your future look like? Will you receive and possess the kingdom as a saint or will you receive God’s punishment for refusing His love?
Leave a Comment »	| Bible, children of God, God, God wins	| Tagged: Be still, Bible, evils, God, He wins, His Kingdom, keep God's commandments, perish, punishment, saint	| Permalink
But Daniel resolved not to defile himself with the royal food and wine, and he asked the chief official for permission not to defile himself this way.
It was only food, but Daniel stood his ground. He knew that what he was being given to eat was not what he was supposed to put into his body. He could have very easily told himself that he had no choice and that it was the only thing that he had to eat. He could easily have justified doing what he was told to do.
How many times have you found yourself in a situation in which you thought you did not have any other option but to do what was right in front of you? We justify it by telling ourselves things like “just this once won’t hurt,” or “nobody will know.” What if Daniel had followed this philosophy? Would God have honored him with the strength and insight that He gave him? Daniel chose to stand his ground with respect to his faith. He did not waiver when things did not allow him to be obedient. He found ways to obey what God asked. This even carried through to later in his life when it was a royal decree to only pray to the king. Did Daniel waiver in his faith then? He did what he knew to be right with the food and he did what he knew to be right with prayer. If we give in to our circumstances, will we be faithful? Will we be held righteous in the eyes of God if we falter during these moments.
Through the atoning blood of Jesus, God will forgive us, however, will He use us? He longs for us to be faithful in our hearts and in our actions. If we justify our choices and give in to things that we shouldn’t, will God be able to trust us in fulfilling what He has called us to for His Kingdom?
What are the things that you know you shouldn’t do? How do you justify them to yourself? How do you try to justify them to God?
Leave a Comment »	| atoning blood of Jesus, Daniel, faith, God, Jesus, obey what God asked, resolve to be faithful, Righteousness, Stand Firm, stand your ground	| Tagged: atoning blood of Jesus, Be still, Daniel, Daniel stood his ground, defile, faith, faithful, God, God will forgive us, His Kingdom, just this once won't hurt, justified, obey what God asked, resolved, righteous, situation, stand your ground	| Permalink
Then the high priest stood up and said to Jesus, “Are you not going to answer? What is this testimony that these men are bringing against you?” But Jesus remained silent.
The high priest said to him, “I charge you under oath by the living God: Tell us if you are the Christ, the Son of God.”
“Yes, it is as you say,” Jesus replied. “But I say to all of you: In the future you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One and coming on the clouds of heaven.”
Then the high priest tore his clothes and said, “He has spoken blasphemy! Why do we need any more witnesses? Look, now you have heard the blasphemy. What do you think?”
Now, put yourself into Jerusalem some two thousand years ago and imagine that you do not have the perspective of history. You don’t know about the resurrection because it hasn’t happened yet. You can simply base all of your decisions and reactions upon the traditions that have been taught to your fathers and to you. Based on these traditions and interpretations of the scriptures, you and everyone you know expects the Messiah to be a strong military leader who will establish His kingdom. With this in mind, you realize that this man does not fit your expectations of what the Messiah is supposed to be.
Would you have been wise enough to recognize that God never does things in an expected way? I can only pray that I would recognize that.
Looking back, we have the ability to see that God had told Israel that the Messiah would come to this earth twice. The very scriptures that they read and thought that they understood also pointed out their very actions.
We celebrate the crucifixion and the resurrection, but would our hearts have been open, would our eyes have been open to what God was doing right before us? I often wonder about this and then I become thankful that I have the perspective of history. I may never know how I would have reacted. I may never know if I would have recognized Jesus as the Messiah. I only know that because of the plan that God put into action from the beginning of time, I can, at this very moment praise God for the grace and mercy given to me through the cross.
We may never know how we would have reacted if we were alive then, but we can know how we react today. Does His name bring anger like it did to the high priest, or does His name bring you the greatest joy?
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.
I bet that your mind instantly thought of several things that cause you to worry. Let’s face the truth. We all have things that we worry about, and nothing that we do in our limited abilities can change any one of these things.
Only seeking first His kingdom and His righteousness will allow us to have the peace and keep us from worrying. As my wife keeps reminding me, we must have faith and stop worrying about tomorrow. We must praise God for the life that He has given us today!
If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith? So do not worry, saying, `What shall we eat?’ or `What shall we drink?’ or `What shall we wear?’ For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them.
God has told us to place our faith and trust in Him and He will remove our worries, for we are more important to Him than the grass of the fields.
Do you see yourself as grass or as God’s son or daughter? How you answer also determines whether you worry.
Leave a Comment »	| do not worry, faith, God, His Kingdom, His righteousness, Trust, truth, what causes worry, you of little faith	| Tagged: Be still, do not worry, faith, God, grass of the field, His Kingdom, his righteousness, seeking, tommorrow, truth, worries, Worry, you of little faith	| Permalink
If I were to bet that you worry about such things as money for tomorrow, food for tomorrow, time for tomorrow, I would probably win that bet. Most of us are caught up in that trap. We overlook the blessings of today while we worry about things that may or may not happen tomorrow.
There is a little story about a man looking for God in the past and God telling Him that His name is not “I was.” He then looks for Him in the future and God tells him that His name is not “I will be.” He then settles into the present and finds God is with him. God then tells him that His name is “I am.” Please note that God is in the present tense. He is with us now!
The blessing is that in the midst of the troubles of the day, God is with us. He is not in tomorrow hiding from us. He is not in the past dragging up old sins. He is in the present and He is walking with us. If we worry about tomorrow, that implies that we don’t trust God and that we are not walking with Him in our present. When we accept that God is with us in our present day, then we will realize that when tomorrow becomes today, we will still find God right there with us. We have no reason to worry.
If the Creator of all of the universe is walking with us in our present day and He is for us, what do we have to worry about? Worry is from the enemy. Don’t fear what the enemy may bring. Rely on what God has already delivered.
Leave a Comment »	| blessings, do not worry about tomorrow, don't fear, God, I am, rely on God, seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, who can be against us, worry is from the enemy	| Tagged: Be still, blessings, don't fear, enemy, God, His Kingdom, I am, kingdom, Matthew, rely on God, righteousness, seek, tomorrow, Worry	| Permalink

Elegant 100% prime quality silk scarves from our Classic Range measure 100 cm x 100 cm for our square scarves. Our scarves are spun, woven and hand printed by cottage industries in Kashmir. This classic, elegant scarf represents a chic interpretation of traditional Kashmir craftsmanship. Made from cultivated mulberry silk it is the finest and most expensive silk available. It is softer, rounder, finer and smoother than raw silk harvested from the wild. Our Classic Range silk scarves have a smooth, silky, luxurious feel. These elegant scarves are designed and made exclusively for Pashmina & Silk. You will not find them under any other brand. This classic accessory complements all formal or casual wear and its stylish design has a natural look making it a very versatile accessory.
Our Classic Range designs are differentiated from our Traditional Range by the weight of the silk used. “Momme”, (mm) is a measure of the weight of silk fabric. Using the scale 1 momme to 3.75 grams per square meter, our Traditional Range silk scarves typically use silk between 6 and 10 momme, our Classic Range between 8 and 25 momme, and our Heritage Range scarves above 25 momme.
Dupatta is a long, multi-purpose scarf that is essential to Asian traditional clothing. Originally, a symbol of modesty, many women in India today wear it as just a decorative accessory. The generous size allows for the dupatta to cover the head and shoulders with ease or around the waist as a sarong. There is no single way of wearing the dupatta. The dupatta is still an essential accessory and often worn over modern Indo-Western clothing throughout the Indian continent. Our versatile Dupatta Sarong Scarf is one of the most versatile accessories you will buy.
Measuring 105 cm x 200 cm it provides a perfect cover up for the beach, a warm and soft cool-down wrap after yoga or exercise, as well as being an unusual and eye-catching accessory over your favourite outfit. Made of pure cotton, this natural fibre is comfortable, versatile, fashionable and easy to clean. The fabric breathes, so cotton garments will always feel comfortable in hot or cool climates.
The eye-catching designs reflect simple traditional Indian motifs that still have a contemporary feel. Each dupatta is hand printed with a reversible pattern on both sides and finished with an attractive fringe. Hayana cotton produces first grade pure white cotton fibres. Grown and woven by cottage industries in Northern India from 100% best quality Hayana cotton, the long uniform fibres give excellent softness and durability. The pigment of the natural cotton is also an important quality measure and is affected by climatic conditions. The purity of the fibres makes Hayana cotton one of the best quality cotton products in the world.
Your scarf is supplied with FREE gift-wrap in attractive ivory tissue and presentational frosted bag along with a FREE message service. Your dupatta can be hand or machine washed at 40 degrees. Dry in fresh air. Use a medium hot iron or plait the fabric while damp to produce a crinkle effect when dry.

North Korea sent the South a pair of Pungsan dogs. Male is called Song-gang, the female is Go-mii. Apparently these dogs are famous for their courage! (According to @HosuLakeLee ) pic.twitter.com/EFb1CKwp43

Back on the road in rural Ireland, by Colin Murphy (Le Monde diplomatique - English edition, March 2009)
Twenty years after his death, audience and academic interest in Samuel Beckett has not waned. A first volume of his letters has just been published, a star-studded production of Waiting for Godot is currently touring the UK and Endgame has been touring Ireland, on its way to London (1). The author caught up with it and its remarkable star, Henry Woolf, one recent night in the Wicklow mountains, south of Dublin, and heard tell of a long tradition
In the small, poorly heated kitchen of an old community hall, high in the Wicklow hills, a veteran actor is remembering. “It all started with Anew McMaster, 52 years ago.”
Seventy-nine years old now, the actor Henry Woolf last toured Ireland in 1957, with the legendary “fit-up” (as the travelling theatre companies were then known) of Anew McMaster. McMaster was the last of a breed: the actor-manager of the most famous fit-up in Ireland, who spurned a conventional career on the main stages of London for a lifetime bringing theatre to small country towns.
Henry Woolf went on to grander things: he worked with Harold Pinter, Orson Welles, Laurence Olivier and Peter Brook. (He met his wife in the cast of Brook’s landmark 1964 production Marat/Sade.) But for now, he is back on the road in rural Ireland. Tonight, having played Clov in Samuel Beckett’s Endgame for an audience of 40 or so, in a production by the Godot Company, he will take my arm as we negotiate the ice on the road to the pub, and then retire to his room in a nearby bed and breakfast. Tomorrow, he and the small cast will drive across the country to Sligo, and then south to Galway, and further south to Cork, and on and on.
Does he ever think, I wonder, that at 79, he might be above, or beyond, playing out-of-the-way venues on an arduous tour of Ireland? “No, no. Never! I don’t care tuppence about where I do it. It’s a wonderful thing to be able to do it.”
The tour of Ireland with Anew McMaster, in 1957, was his first professional acting job. It was not a prestigious one. “He had a very strict rule for employment – he hired whoever would accept the least money. So the quality of the company was, how shall we say, uneven.”
The schedule was extraordinarily intense. They performed in repertory, rehearsing new plays by day while performing at night. “We did eight different Shakespeare plays a week, and then on Sundays, we’d put on a murder mystery or a romance or something. But people seemed to like the Shakespeare best.”
They toured to villages and small towns mostly, playing in town halls, schools, and occasionally in theatres. They would arrive at a venue on the day of a performance, “not unlike the circus coming to town”. Everybody would pitch in, putting up the set and lights and curtains.
“I was astonished at the response to Shakespeare. There was a natural feeling for language. It was a natural place for theatre. They totally accepted, hook, line and sinker, the dramatic power of Shakespeare. The audience was more like an Elizabethan audience: they would talk and add in things, like ‘Did you see what happened to that poor fellow?’ or ‘Would you take that, Pat?’”
Indeed, the audiences preferred Shakespeare to the murder mysteries. One man said to him once: “We can understand the language of the Shakespeare, Sir, but this murder mystery, we couldn’t make head nor tail of it, with the bodies falling out of the cupboards and the noises in the back and the poisonings and the shootings.” He went on, talking about Hamlet: “And sure, haven’t we all got young fellows like that at home.”
As a junior member of the company, Woolf often doubled as Assistant Stage Manager (ASM). “I was the worst ASM in the world. In those days, the sound cues would be on vinyl records, but I often couldn’t see the bloody groove. And so instead of putting on ‘The carriage arriving’, I’d put on, ‘The first day of the Somme offensive’. I’d have the Titanic approaching, instead of the Romans arriving. Afterwards I’d get severely bollocked for having ruined about 14 cues.”
One of his first roles was as the clown, Launcelot Gobbo, in The Merchant of Venice, with Anew McMaster playing the lead, Shylock. “He said to me, ‘Do what you like behind my back, lad, every laugh’s worth half a crown’.” (He goes into a deep, quavering, upper-class voice for McMaster, then snaps back into his own voice with a cackle.)
McMaster then cast him as the Fool in King Lear. “That was a great compliment. I was so carried away with it I decided to shave my eyebrows off, to give me that ‘fool’ look. Thank God, they grew back.”
But McMaster could be a provocative, as well as populist, director. Woolf remembers how he approached the scene in King Lear where Gloucester’s eye is gouged out by Cornwall. “The scene is so horrible it’s usually done with Gloucester facing upstage, so you don’t see the horror of it. Mac said, ‘No! We’re not going to be namby pamby. He’s going to be facing downstage.’
“Cornwall had a blood capsule and a grape concealed in his hand. He’d plunge his thumb into Gloucester’s eye, facing the audience, and press the blood capsule, and a terrible gout of blood would spout out of the eye. Then he’d wriggle it around and throw the grape on the floor and squish it, with a terrible ‘squish!’.
“At one convent school we were playing in, three nuns fainted in the front row. ‘Mac!’ we said, ‘three nuns have fainted, do you think we ought to stop the play?’ But he said, ‘No, no. They enjoy suffering.’ And we went on with the play. Ha ha!”
It was a poor Ireland that Woolf arrived in, in 1957. “I was amazed to see barefoot beggars in the streets of Dublin. When there wasn’t a bed and breakfast in the village, they would stay as paying guests in a local house. I was astonished, and embarrassed, to be at a table as the guest in a house, and I’d be the only person eating meat at the table. Everybody else would be eating potato.”
Anew McMaster was one of the last of a breed, the actor-managers: “they take the profits, they take the losses, the play the lead, they’re centre stage.” On a recent (and excellent) RTÉ documentary, Anew McMaster: A Theatrical Life, McMaster emerges as a literally extraordinary figure, as if occupying a different world to that around him: towering, intense and, by today’s standards, impossibly theatrical.
“He had a superb voice, and very tall striking figure, and he didn’t have any inhibitions,” says Woolf. “He acted as if it was the most natural thing in the world for someone to act. It wasn’t ham; it wasn’t melodrama. If there was a height to be scaled, he would do it. He didn’t know much about the ‘Method’, or all these dogmas; he was a natural man, who felt things, very strongly.”
“Little did I realise,” says Woolf (who has the stage presence, voice and barrel chest of a man 15 or 20 years younger), “I was taking part in something that would disappear for ever. It was a wonderful thing, a missionary thing, bringing great plays to fairly remote areas. A bit like tonight.”
Outside Conary Community Hall, on a crossroads above Avoca, in Wicklow, it is a crystal-clear, icy night, as the audience trails out after the performance. “To come out and look at the trees and the moonlight – what theatre in the world would give you that?” asks Michael O’Sullivan.
So what did he make of Endgame? “Gallows humour,” he says. What did it say to him? “Enjoy life while you have it!” His wife, Eileen, is less taken with the play; she says Beckett is too bleak for her, she doesn’t want to be interviewed. Yet, as her husband talks, she constantly interrupts, teasing out points and talking about the role of this small theatre in the rural community around. “We have Beckett up here in a little school hall like that, and we go home and talk about it all night,” she says, and clearly that is true.
So perhaps Henry Woolf was wrong: it didn’t disappear forever. Meanwhile in the hills of Wicklow, Anew McMaster’s spirit lives on – at least as long as there are actors who remember him, and audiences hungry for theatre on a cold night.
(1) The Godot Company production of Endgame is at the Cockpit Theatre in London from 4 April for a short run. Waiting for Godot is touring the UK from 5 March, and is at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, London, from 30 April. The Letters of Samuel Beckett, vol 1, 1929–1940, (ed) Martha Dow Fehsenfeld, is published by Cambridge University Press, 2009
Veteran actor Henry Woolf, currently performing in Beckett’s ‘Endgame’, talks to Colin Murphy of touring Shakespeare in the poverty-struck Ireland of the 1950s with the legendary company of Anew (...) →

Hey, so like. You know that thing where someone does something disturbing or dangerous or violent or whatever and everyone whips out language like “crazy”, “deranged”, “insane” and so on to describe it?
Mental illness is very rarely, in itself, a trigger for violence. And, moreover, I think one of the big reasons people (neurotypical and neurodiverse alike) like to scapegoat it is to try and convince ourselves we couldn’t possibly ever do [insert violent thing here]. It’s an excuse for us not to look closely at the real causes of violence in our societies, or to recognise tendencies to violence in ourselves and our loved ones. Violence is always something done by the Other, by people who are Different in some way. Who are Not Right or Born Wrong. It’s never an explicable by-product of toxic culture. Oh no. Let’s blame “insanity” for it instead. Sure. Whatever.
Exact numbers vary from place to place, but in Australia, something like one in five people will experience mental illness in a year (rates for countries like the US and UK are similar). Or, to put it another way, if you know a least five people, then it is statistically likely you know someone with a mental illness. In fact, I’m betting most of you are imagining that person right now, as you’re reading this.1
What I want you to remember, is that every time you–and me, I’m not perfect at this either–use words like “crazy” and “mad” to describe violent acts, you’re contributing to a culture that makes everyday life noticeably worse for that person. And for a whole bunch of other people you don’t know. You’re making it more likely that they will be marginalised, denied work and other opportunities. More likely that they will be socially isolated by both friends and family. And more likely to, themselves, be victims of violence.
The reality is that the link between mental illness and violence is very small; that is, most people with mental illness aren’t violent and most violent people don’t have mental illness. The only reason we conflate the two is sensationalist media, coupled with lazy linguistic shorthands. This is also a trend that increased notably during the second half of the twentieth century:
A longitudinal study of American’s attitudes on mental health between 1950 and 1996 found, “the proportion of Americans who describe mental illness in terms consistent with violent or dangerous behavior nearly doubled.”
In other words, the link in peoples’ minds between violence and mental illness was culturally constructed.
Diagnosed and disclosed imaginings only, please. Don’t self-diagnose other people. It’s a jerkass thing to do. ^
Miri takes on script flippers. You know the ones, we talked at them just a few posts back with the quote about “social justice sorcery”. These are the people who hear terms like “misogyny” and “rape culture” and counter them with “misandry” and “cutoff culture” and expect to be taken seriously.
But what we’ve seen lately are a lot of men who are used to getting their way, and they lose their shit if anything goes wrong. That’s a culture that’s trained them to be that way. And so you have a bunch of very machismo men who have translated their bad-boy private outbursts into embarrassing online outbursts, and it does not go over nearly as well online.
They will see this as proof that Men Can’t Be Men! Whereas I – a man – see that as proof that Some Men Can’t Be Men. They can only be modified toddlers, screaming the worst things they can think of whenever they don’t get their way.
Steinmetz points out that outbursts of aggressive male emotions are normalised and lauded in culture in a way female emotionality (of any kind) isn’t. Just think of basically, like, yanno any film, TV show, comic, or videogame, wherein the climax of any encounter is always the “hero loses his shit” moment.
Even otherwise ostensibly progressive cultural products do this; think Sleepy Hollow, where the universal signifier for It’s The Real Shit Now is Ichabod having a bit of a shout. Compare/contrast to, say, Abbie, whose emotive affect is more consistent across the board–she doesn’t have Ichabod’s “repressed/explosive” dynamic–or Katrina, whose explosive emotionality tends to be “feminine” (i.e. tears instead of rage), and, particularly in Season 2, is portrayed as manipulative and suspect.
And, like, I “get” that this is for the drama/tension and whatever, but… yeah. It’s still very, very gendered.
We talk a lot about the problem of men not being able to “express their emotions”… but that’s not really the case, is it? Men have never had any problem expressing rage, only “feminine” emotions like sorrow, grief, and love. (Many women, meanwhile, struggle with the reverse, unable to find outlets for years of pent-up rage and frustration.)1
In some respects, I think this is why we often find teenage girls so feral, particularly around the 13-15 age bracket. These girls are old enough to have internalised much of the world’s unfairness, but haven’t quite had the edges of their anger smoothed off by cultural conditioning. Teenage girls are angry, but no more so than adult women. They’re just far better at expressing it. ^


I am wondering if it is possible to live in Malaysia, in JB, (after getting a Visa) and at the same time apply for job in Singapore and show...
Cool story, Brian! I am sure there are plenty of expats who started this way. i.e. came to Singapore on 90 days SVP and then travelled around the...
We badly need something like this, hope we have more choices like this, just like Uber is doing in the taxi space
Presently , I am in Singapore, holding dependant's pass and looking out for job in field of Mechanical Engineering . As a Mechanical...
Need your thoughts/advice. I am from India (based in Bangalore, India too) and have 6+ work experience in...
A part was unfortunately saved outside of the EPDM vault, and now dozens of assemblies are referring to its local location. I have tried using Solidworks "move" functionality to relocate the file into the vault, but all the assemblies are unable to find the file (and keep looking at the old local path). Is there a better way to do what I'm trying to do, or at least a way to manually locate the file for one assembly and have it update for ALL assemblies?
Any how for the future you must block the checkin if the assembly contains files that are outside of PDM.
As a longtime admirer of any and all trip reports, and a recent newcomer to the Forum (but longtime user on Lines), figured it was time to contribute my own trip report!
* DH - Someone who tolerates my WDW obsession quite well ; we've been going together since our first trip and first half marathon in March 2010
* Me - My family took my late sister and me to WDW for the first time in July 1994, but we didn't return until I was in college in 2005. From there, our trips were almost annual or twice yearly. I believe this trip marked my 10th visit (where's my commemorative jacket?!)
* My parents - 60-somethings who've gone several times with friends and family. And pro babysitters for DS3.
While we were going with my parents, we weren't really going with them. They weren't able to snag a spot at Pop (where we stayed), so they stayed in the Little Mermaid rooms at AoA. They also had a different flight to MCO, which worked out great, as they were able to take us to the airport and then split the cost of parking between us.
We're TSA PreCheck members, which is a great program I recommend for anyone who travels frequently to MCO (or DEN - we frequent both, and both have dismal security lines, so it made sense for us. And, DH's work paid for his, so even better). We breezed through traffic to STL much more quickly than we anticipated (we thought there'd be more morning rush hour traffic), so we had a good amount of time to kill in the terminal. Terminal 2 in STL has seen quite a few improvements over the past five years, but it's still nowhere near as nice as many other airports. SWA is the largest airline at STL, but they haven't always been, so their assignment to Terminal 2 doesn't really fit their size anymore. Still, with a little one, you don't need much to do...just a good space to run around in, which we had.
Flight was great, and we didn't have a long wait for DME at MCO when we landed at 1:25 p.m. I will always find it fascinating, however, the number of confused folks at the DME kiosks...so many folks on the phone trying to figure out things as simple as their flight #, or seeing if a family member is already there...
Once we were on the bus, we did a check-in with DS3, as the flight ran right into his nap time. We kind of knew our plans for the evening (just a handful of attractions at MK), were going to be game time decisions because nap time was skipped, but wanted to see how he was holding up. He seemed tired, and we knew if we didn't get a meal in at Pop, we'd be toast. We also received our room ready text on the bus, which didn't meet our faxed request at all, so we were slightly bummed. However, the location we were given worked out great for us, which I'll explain later. As soon as we got off the DME, onto the Everything Pop food court for lunch!
Tables in Wonderland (which we purchased last trip), works great for our dining habits, which includes Everything Pop. I got a roasted chicken kids meal for myself (side note - I'm finding myself ordering more and more kids meals for myself on these trips...I'm a bit of a foodie, and I like to try a lot of different things at WDW, so this makes more financial and portion sense.) DS3 nibbled on chicken nuggets (not his favorite) and DH ate a pepperoni pizza. Everything Pop is not our favorite place to eat, but we've stayed at Pop enough to figure out what works for our taste buds.
Nourished, we then headed to our room...allllllll the way in the 90s! I've been staying at Pop for over a decade, but have never even ventured over to that side of the resort, At first, we were pretty disappointed (we wanted a top floor, lake view room in the 70s, so we could enjoy fireworks with our "Pop Century balcony"...more on that later), but once we got to our room, we were, indeed, top floor with a lake view...through the Computer Pool courtyard, but a lake view nonetheless. As the week went on, we relished this location. It was quiet, close to transportation (we cut through the parking lot) and we were able to see a ton of DHS fireworks after we put DS3 to bed. These rooms were renovated after we left, so it was kind of fun(?) to stay in the old, badly-need-of-updating rooms one last time.
DS3 snuck in a quick nap, and I unpacked our carry-on bags and Garden Grocer order. Bell Services forgot the yogurt, which they didn't retrieve until the next morning after several phone calls of "Hey, where's my yogurt?" , but everything else was there. Garden Grocer works great for our family, as it gives us cheaper-but-tastier beer for our kiddo-is-asleep-but-we-aren't-ready-to-call-it-a-night balcony time, as well as fresh fruit at prices that don't make you want to strangle Mickey with your banana peel.
Our FP+ return times started at 5 p.m., so DH and I woke DS3 so we could get in a little MK time before the day ended. He was a little out of it, but nothing a little time in the stroller couldn't fix.
DS3 is a bit of a thrill-seeker, and when we knew he would be tall enough to try the Barnstormer this trip, we started the prep at home...on-ride videos, talking about the noise/senses/etc., and he was ready! Despite skipping a nap and already having a big day of travel, our little dude had no hesitation as he took his place with me in Row 1. He kept his thumb in his mouth for the ride, but he loved it and wanted to do it again. Knowing our other FP+ plans for the night (Space Mountain and Buzz), but how we'd be back at MK a few times, I gave up our 7DMT FP+ for later in the week for a Barnstormer pass. DS3 took it in stride, and we did Dumbo, then RS'd Space...where the wheels started to come off the track for the little dude. A little Incredibles Dance Party soothed the tired toddler, but it didn't last long, so we knew we needed to head back to Pop. Of course, we had to get in one ride on the family-favorite PeopleMover, but then back to the hotel for a full night's rest. The parents arrived while we were in MK, but wanted to settle in before our full day tomorrow, so we said we'd see them at DHS for RD.
Once DS3 was asleep, it was time to christen the Pop Century balcony! We brought out the room's desk chairs, popped open a bag of Spicy Doritos and sipped on Funky Buddha Floridian Hefeweizens. I highly recommend this experience to any parent. You still get the kiddo to bed on time, but you also get a little alone time. Just don't make it that kind of alone time...it is Disney, after all.
Can't wait to read more! I live near STL (in IL) and just flew in and out of Lambert to WDW on SW in the last two weeks. The airport is definitely busier than it used to be.
@OBNurseNH, I walked over again tonight and saw this room. I believe this is a King bed. It has a separate table and no Murphy bed. [image] [image]
When our kids were small, we definitely done the beer and crisps (chips) on the balcony....and nothing else great way .to end the day!
If someone can not stand for long periods of time and has an ECV will she be able to wait in line on the ECV? She can get off and walk shortish distances, but she can't stand up for long periods of time- more than 2 or 3 minutes. She's willing to wait her turn, just needs to be sitting down while doing it.
I believe she'd be able to stay in the ECV in most queues. For the ones where she can't, she may be able to transfer to a wheelchair to go through the queue. Some rides have alternate entrances, Spaceship Earth is a great example. You still wait in line, generally just as long as the main queue, but they're able to slow the moving walkway so people with mobility issues have an easier time getting on and off of the attraction.
Each attraction is different, but I traveled with a friend who needed an ECV a couple years back. The best thing is to ask the attendant outside each queue and they will direct you to the appropriate entrance. The cast members are well-versed in how to handle this.
It is totally dependent on the queue's size. One's with a lot of switchbacks, probably not, but the wider themed queues much more likely.


Project manager for preparation of the creation of a spin-off in the area of food microbiology - Belgium Ghent University

closed/java/awt/Focus/SetFocusTraversalKeysTest/SetFocusTraversalTest.html failed since 1.8.0b19 on all platforms
I have downloaded lubuntu 18.04; 64bit from lubuntu.me and checked the minimal install box during the install process. And again I have ended up with full desktop install.

dynamo heh? I missed that one (I could got have a free tocket from a friend of me) SO I MISSED IRON MAIDEN!!!!!!!! =-( luckly there is wacken with killers!!!!!! yeah! I really wanna see that part of W:A:O (and kamelot offcoz =-))
Dramatis Personae - I hosted. Wendy and Tim joined us as experienced players. Young Oscar who stepped into the Sharp Johnny campaign at Historicon brought his dad Tim (Tim2) and younger brother Warrick (approx 12 years old). Jonathan Miller brought his nephew Caleb same age as Warrick.
The armies used were Irish, Picts, Welsh, Strathclyde, Northumbria, Mercia, Wessex, Later Visigoth, and Carolingian (really Merovingian) Franks. Arable, Hilly and Forest home terrains and a good mix of stand types.
Rules - The latest rules with certain improvements currently in development for the next version were used.
- The concepts of the game were easy to explain and consistent (e.g. even the terrain setup is an "each player rolls" situation). Feedback was that it felt accessible with a low barrier to entry for play.
- Setup was much clearer for the different topographies. The three column table was a definite improvement in the fiddliness of setup
- Dark ages armies were interesting and varied to play, a vast improvement over certain legacy systems. Many had a warrior/heavy foot/horde/rabble combination that added interest and nuance not presence in other legacy rules.
- Dividing the stands along mounted vs foot and close vs open order - and having the distinctions equally clear in the rules - seemed to make digestion of the element types more easily digested.
- We had no mounted brave enough to venture into bad going so we didn't get to test those interactions
- We had an extreme maneuver advantage (5) in one game which did swing the terrain count from 2 pieces to 5 pieces. But this didn't seem at all like a problem. The wider range of results ate up the absolute difference. Even with the extreme advantage, the advantaged player couldn't get all the pieces he wanted.
- We don't have an easy and accessible answer to "how do I get my first army?" Meshwesh could be enhanced to help very much in this regard
- Oscar asked for advice on making sure that games fit into a hard one hour limit for his wargame club at school. I suggested preset terrain and predeployed troops (of which he has none). Currently most games end in less than one hour, but a hard requirement presents challenges in some cases.
- 12 year old Caleb was not intrigued by the terrain setup which was time consuming and low value from his perspective. While I personally disagree with him, it is interesting feedback from a young player who wants to get into the thick of things quickly.
- I wound up giving Oscar and his dad Tim a set of block stands (romans and gauls) which had a big impact on them. It gives them the means to play while figures are found and painted. So I suggest given this positive feedback we move forward with our plan for start up sets available at all Demo games.
Must admit that when I play Triumph! with my wargaming friend, we haven't been using the terrain set up rules. What happens is that we have a game of DBN first (Napoleonics is his main wargaming interest) and then have another game afterwards using the terrain set out for the first game. The second game can be Triumph!, Hordes of the Things, or DBR.
We may be moving towards a setting up terrain for the second game. Last week we did Barsoomian Red Martians against Black Martians in HotT. Because we use 60mm wide bases for DBN, the bits of bad-going were a bit too big for convenient play in terms of maneuvering the blade infantry.
I want to try out the terrain set-up rules. I have emphasised the difference between invasion rating and manoeuvre rating in Triumph!, and he seems to accept the idea.

DK435684D0 - Approach to migration in particular for recording and playback of television signals - Google Patents
H04N9/81—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback the individual colour picture signal components being recorded sequentially only
DK435684A 1982-11-11 1984-09-12 Approach to migration in particular for recording and playback of television signals DK435684D0 (en)
DK435684A DK435684D0 (en) 1982-11-11 1984-09-12 Approach to migration in particular for recording and playback of television signals
C08G65/00—Macromolecular compounds obtained by reactions forming an ether link in the main chain of the macromolecule
C08G65/34—Macromolecular compounds obtained by reactions forming an ether link in the main chain of the macromolecule from hydroxy compounds or their metallic derivatives
A process is disclosed which provides for the reduction of the occurrence of oxidative and/or thermal degradation of polyphenylene oxides by contacting the oxides with a capping agent in the presence of a water soluble base, a catalytic phase transfer agent, and, optionally, an effective organic phase reducing agent. The resulting capped polyphenylene oxides can be used to prepare improved articles of manufacture using conventional techniques such as molding, vacuum forming, extrusion, etc.
The process of this invention relates to the reduction in the ease of oxidative and/or thermal degradation of polyphenylene oxides by contacting the latter with a capping agent in the presence of a water soluble base, a catalytic phase transfer agent, and, optionally, an effective organic phase reducing agent. More particularly, this invention comprises contacting a polyphenylene oxide with a capping agent selected from the class consisting of monoacyl halides of the formula ##STR1## hydrocarbon monosulfonyl halides of the formula R--SO2 --X, anhydrides of monocarboxylic acids of the formula ##STR2## alkyl halides of the formula R--X, dialkyl sulfates of the formula R--O--SO2 --O--R, wherein R is alkyl, cycloalkyl, aryl or mixtures thereof, X is chlorine, bromine, fluorine or iodine, wherein said contacting is carried out in the presence of (1) a water soluble base selected from the class consisting of alkali metal and alkaline earth metal bases, (2) a catalytic phase transfer agent, and, optionally, (3) an effective organic phase reducing agent.
Polyphenylene oxides comprise an interesting group of new polymers which are disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,306,874, 3,306,875 and 3,432,466, all assigned to the same assignee as the present invention which are incorporated herein by reference. In general, these polyphenylene oxides are homopolymers or copolymers of poly(2,6-disubstituted-1,4-phenylene oxide)s which are made by oxidatively coupling of 2,6-disubstituted phenols.
To date, the prior art has employed various means of stabilizing polyphenylene oxides against oxidative and thermal degradation including the methods described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,375,228, 3,402,143, 3,535,281 and 3,573,254, all assigned to the same assignee as the present invention. As disclosed by the prior art means which provide, in part or total, oxidative and/or thermal stability to polyphenylene oxides are desirable in order to prevent substantial oxidative attack upon polyphenylene oxide, thus avoiding substantial discoloration and/or embrittlement of the oxides when processed at elevated temperatures into useful articles of manufacture.
An object of this invention is to provide polyphenylene oxides which have improved color characteristics. Another object is to provide an economic process for capping polyphenylene oxides. These and other objects will be readily apparent from the following specification and the appended claims.
In essence, process of our invention comprises contacting a polyphenylene oxide with a capping agent selected from monoacyl halides, monosulfonyl halides, anhydrides of monocarboxylic acids, alkyl halides, or dialkyl sulfates wherein the contacting is carried out in the presence of (1) a water soluble base, (2) a catalytic phase transfer agent, and, optionally, (3) an effective organic phase reducing agent.
In general, the capping agents that are employed in the practice of this invention are defined herein as compounds which will react with a phenolic hydroxyl group with subsequent formation of a bond between the oxygen atom of the phenolic group and a hydrocarbylcarbonyl group, a hydrocarbylsulfonyl group, a hydrocarbylcarbonyl group, a hydrocarbyl group, a hydrocarbyloxysulfonyl group, derived from monoacyl halides, monosulfonyl halides, anhydrides of monocarboxylic acids, alkyl halides, and dialkyl sulfates, respectively.
E. dialkylsulfates of the formula R--O--SO2 --O--R, wherein the above formulas R is alkyl, cycloalkyl, aryl or mixtures thereof, such as alkaryl, alkcycloalkyl, aralkyl, arcycloalkyl, cycloalkaryl, etc., and X is chlorine, bromine, fluorine or iodine. Preferably, the R groups contain from about 1 to about 30 carbon atoms, and more preferably contain from about 1 to about 20 carbon atoms. Representative examples of specific capping agents include:
5. dialkylsulfates, such as: dimethyl sulfate, diethyl sulfate, dibutyl sulfate, diisoamyl sulfate, dicyclohexyl sulfate, didodecyl sulfate, di(octadecyl)sulfate, etc. As pointed out by the foregoing specific examples, the particular capping agent employed is not critical, since any agent which is capable of reacting with phenolic hydroxyl groups which improves the oxidative and/or thermal stability of the resulting groups can be employed. A presently preferred capping agent is acetic anhydride since it is a readily available inexpensive capping agent.
The catalytic phase transfer agents which can be employed comprise any compounds which are soluble in the organic phase of a polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture. Among the catalytic phase transfer agents which are suitable are those selected from the group consisting of quaternary ammonium compounds, quaternary phosphonium compounds and tertiary sulfonium compounds, or mixtures thereof. These compounds can be described as the ammonium, phosphonium and sulfonium salts having the respective formulas: ##STR5## wherein each R' is independently selected from aliphatic hydrocarbon radicals having from about 1 to about 30 carbon atoms, preferably from about 2 to about 15 carbon atoms, each X- is selected from the group consisting of Cl-, Br-, F-, CH3 SO3 -, CH3 CO2 -, CF3 CO2 - or OH-, and each Y= is selected from the group consisting of SO4 =, CO3 =, or C2 O4 =.
These onium compounds can be prepared by methods well-known in the art which include the familiar addition reactions of tertiary aliphatic amines, tertiary aliphatic phosphines and aliphatic sulfides with aliphatic halides.
The water soluble base can be any water soluble base which can be dissolved in the aqueous phase of the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture in amounts adequate to provide sufficient hydroxyl groups within the organo phase to form an alkali metal or alkaline earth metal cation phenoxide. Preferably, the bases that are employed are those that are very soluble in an aqueous media. Among the water soluble base compounds that can be employed are alkali metal or alkaline earth metal hydroxides and carbonates. Specific examples include compounds such as potassium hydroxide, sodium hydroxide, sodium monocarbonate, barium carbonate, etc.
In general, our process comprises contacting a polyphenylene oxide reaction product mixture and a catalytic phase transfer agent in the presence of a water soluble base, wherein the contacting is carried out in time periods and in the presence of amounts of water soluble base and catalytic phase transfer agent sufficient to react with any phenolic hydroxyl group and form a resulting alkali or alkaline earth metal phenoxide group. THe addition of the catalytic phase transfer agent to the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture can be either carried out before, during or after polymerization of the disubstituted phenol to polyphenylene oxide. In a preferred embodiment of this invention, the catalytic phase transfer agent is employed in the form of an in situ prepared effective organic phase reducing agent which contains cations selected from quaternary ammonium, quaternary phosphonium and tertiary sulfonium ions and an anion selected from dithionite, dithiosulfate and borohydride ions in accordance with the concepts described by D. M. White, in U.S. patent application Ser. No. 649,981, filed Jan. 29, 1976, a continuation-in-part of Ser. No. 431,129, filed Jan. 7, 1974, now abandoned, assigned to the same assignee as the assignee of this invention which is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Representative of effective organic phase reducing agents are such compounds as tetramethylammonium dithionite, tricaprylmonomethylammonium dithionite, trimethylsulfonium borohydride, tetrapropylammonium dithiosulfate, etc., and mixtures thereof. In general, in carrying out the process, it is preferred that the catalytic transfer agent, and/or effective organic phase reducing agent, water soluble base and capping agent contact the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixtures at temperatures wherein the capping agents are not susceptible to significant thermal or hydrolytic degradation. Accordingly, it is preferred that our process, including the in situ preparation of an effective organic phase reducing agent, be carried out within the temperature range of from about 0° C. to about 100° C. and even more preferably from about 15° C. to about 80° C.
In general, the proportions of catalytic phase transfer agent to water soluble base (hereafter sometimes referred to as CPTA and WSB, respectively) employed to convert the hydroxyl associated with polyphenylene oxide reaction product groups to metal alkoxide groups can vary widely. For example, suitable molar proportions of CPTA:WSB are generally within the range of from about 1:10 to about 1:1000, and more preferably from about 1:100 to about 1:1000.
Molar proportions of capping agent (hereafter sometimes referred to as CA) to water soluble base can also vary widely. Generally, the suitable proportions of CA:WSB are within the range of from about 1:100 to about 50:1, and more preferably within the range of from about 1:10 to about 10:1.
In general, suitable molar proportions of capping agent to polyphenylene oxide, based on a polyphenylene oxide molecular weight within the range of from about 10,000 to about 50,000 and a hydroxyl group per polymer unit mole range of from about 0.5 to about 1.0, are within the range of from about 0.5:1 to about 50:1, and more preferably within the range of from about 1:1 to about 10:1. Generally, polyphenylene oxide reaction mixtures contain from about 0.01% to about 1% by weight of unreacted phenolic compounds, as well as dimers, trimers, tetramers, etc., and other low-molecular-weight oligomers. Accordingly, the molar proportions of capping agent to polyphenylene oxide, as defined based on polyphenylene oxide hereinbefore, have been established to provide sufficient capping agent molar quantities to react with substantially all of the hydroxyl groups contained by the polyphenylene oxide and any unreacted phenolic compounds, dimers, trimers, etc., and other low-molecular-weight oligomers which may constitute a portion of the polyphenylene oxide after separation from the reaction mixture.
The economic advantages of the process obtained from the use of our invention can readily be understood by a comparison of the usual prior art process and our invented process in the separation and recovery of polyphenylene oxides which are substantially resistant to oxidative and thermal degradation at elevated temperatures.
Polyphenylene oxide reaction product mixtures generally comprise dimers, trimers, polyphenylene oxide, and the other oxidation products, such as diphenoquinones, benzoquinones, etc., a solvent in which the reaction is carried out, an amine-cupric salt complex, water resulting from the oxidation step, and a small amount of methanol, (about 1%, by weight, of the total reaction mixture) which is added to solubilize the copper salt. The reaction product mixture is ordinarily diluted with additional aromatic hydrocarbon solvent, such as toluene, so that the concentration of the polyphenylene oxide ranges between 8-10%, by weight. A small amount of acetic acid is then added in order to remove the amine used in the catalyst system and to assist in the separation of the cupric salt into the aqueous methanol. A toluene solution results which contains polyphenylene oxide in combination with diphenoquinone, other quinone by-products, trimers, tetramers and other oligomers. Thereafter, large amounts of methanol are added to the toluene solution in order to precipitate the polyphenylene oxide and to extract the quinone-type by-product constituents. Thereafter, it is customary to recover the methanol leaving behind a sludge which contains the diphenoquinone by-products and monomer, dimer, trimer and other low-molecular-weight oligomers which are then discarded. As noted above, the prior art sequence requires the use of large quantities of methanol (which is difficult to separate and recover in a form suitable for subsequent reuse in the preparation of additional polyphenylene oxide) in order to obtain the polyphenylene oxide free of quinone type byproduct impurities. The characteristics of the sludge in which the diphenoquinone resides is such that it is ordinarily uneconomical to isolate the quinone by-product.
In the practice of our invention, the process for isolating polyphenylene oxide from the reaction mixture comprises the above initial process steps including, if desired, the addition of hydrocarbon solvent, such as the aforementioned toluene, so that the concentration of the polyphenylene oxide ranges between 8-10%, by weight. Thereafter, the reaction mixture is contacted preferentially with an effective organic phase reducing agent (hereafter sometimes referred to as EOPRA) such as tricaprylmonomethyl ammonium dithionite in order to reduce any oxo groups associated with diphenoquinone, and with other oxidation products of the reactant phenols, then contacted with a WSB to form alkoxide groups which can be capped. As an alternative to the aforesaid EOPRA contact, the reaction mixture can be contacted with a CPTA in the presence of a WSB in order to form suitable metal phenoxide groups of the polymer and the low-molecular-weight oligomers which are readily capped thereafter. The reaction products can be isolated from the reaction mixture by any suitable liquid-solid separation techniques, including simple, continuous or steam distillation, etc., of the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixtures. Alternatively, separation of the volatile constituents from the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture can be carried out using direct as well as indirect drying techniques. In general, the separation is preferably carried out by heating the reaction mixtures to temperatures within the range of from about 50° to about 150° C., and more preferably within the range of from about 75° to about 125° C. Following separation of the volatile constituents from the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture, the amine-cupric salt complexes can be separated from the reaction mixture by extraction with dilute acid either before or after the precipitation step.
As illustrated above, our process does not require the separation of diphenoquinone, trimers, tetramers, etc., in the preparation of oxidatively and thermally stable polyphenylene oxides. Elimination of the prior art alcohol extraction of by-product dimers, etc., obviates difficult and expensive alcohol separation, recovery and purification process operations.
In general, the polyphenylene oxides prepared by our preferred process, i.e. wherein the polyphenylene oxide is contacted with an effective organic phase reducing agent prior to contact with a capping agent, absorb visible light within the range of from about 4000 to about 5000 Angstrom units (metric equivalents: 400 to 500 nanometers). In general, the resulting polyphenylene oxides dissolved in benzene (0.1% concentration, 1 cm. cell) have a visible spectrum absorbance at 422 nm. of about 0.14 after a EOPRA contact, and an absorbance at 422 nm. of about 0.04 after a CA contact. For comparison, polyphenylene oxides isolated in an identical manner but without contacting EOPRA and CA have an absorbance at 422 nm. of about 1.8.
Polyphenylene oxides prepared from a process sequence which includes alcohol extraction of reaction byproducts, with subsequent contact of polyphenylene oxide contact with CPTA and a WSB, prior to an EOPRA contact with a capping agent, dissolved in benzene (0.12 concentration, 1 cm. cell) have a visible absorbance at 422 nm. of about 0.03 after an EOPRA contact, and an absorbance of a 422 nm. of about 0.03 after a CA contact.
As illustrated by the foregoing color data, the use of the preferred process of this invention which includes the use of an effective organic phase reducing agent step and a capping step provides a polyphenylene oxide which is substantially free of color, thermally and oxidatively stable and eliminates the process expense of removal of reaction byproducts by an alcohol extract process requirement.
In order that those skilled in the art may better understand the invention, the following examples are given which are illustrative of the practice of the invention, however, are not intended for the purposes of limitation. In all the examples, all parts are by weight unless otherwise stated.
A series of acylations (capping) of commercial polyphenylene oxide reaction mixtures were carried out accordingly: a solution of 5.0 grams of polyphenylene oxide in 15 ml. of chlorobenzene was contacted with tricaprylmonomethyl ammonium chloride (Aliquat 336®)and a 50% aqueous sodium hydroxide solution. The resulting mixture was stirred vigorously, portions thereof were removed in intervals of 2, 25 and 45 minutes. Acetic anhydride was added to each portion and each mixture thereafter was stirred for 2 minutes, diluted with benzene, precipitated by the addition of methanol. The resulting polymer was washed in methanol, then with water, then again with methanol, and then dried in 80° C. and 10 Torr. In all of the test solutions, the polyphenylene oxide was a commercial sample of poly(2,6-dimethyl-1,4-phenylene oxide) having an intrinsic viscosity of 0.49 dl./g. (measured in chloroform at 25° C.) and an infrared hydroxyl absorbance at 3610 cc.-1 of 0.092 for a 2.5% solution in carbon disulfide, CS2, in a 1 cm. thick cell calibrated against CS2 in a matched cell which corresponds to the polyphenylene oxide product having 0.68 nonhydrogen bonded phenolic hydroxyl groups per molecule. The product was prepared by the polymerization of 2,6-xylenol by oxidative coupling of the same in the presence of a secondary amine basic cupric complex under oxidative coupling reaction conditions. The reaction media contained in addition to the poly(2,6-dimethyl-1,4-phenylene oxide), colored by-products including 3,3',5,5'-tetramethyl-4,4'-diphenoquinone and 2,6-dimethylbenzoquinone. The results of capping the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture, the reaction solvent, the capping agent, the catalytic transfer agent, and the water soluble base employed is set out in Table I.
The above data indicates complete capping of the reaction mixture was carried out in Run No. 1 under conditions where the quantity of the tricaprylmonomethylammonium chloride corresponded to only 2% by weight (0.68%, mole per mole of polymer) of the polymer and where a relatively small quantity of sodium hydroxide at high concentration in water was employed.
Run No. 2 was carried out in the presence of much larger quantities of solvent, capping agent, catalytic phase transfer agent and sodium hydroxide.
Run No. 3 carried out demonstrates the significant decrease in the effective capping of polyphenylene oxide when carried out in the absence of the catalytic phase transfer agent.
Run No. 4 defines the hydroxyl groups per molecule of the polyphenylene oxides prior to their evaluation in Run Nos. 1, 2 and 3.
A series of cappings were carried out in a manner similar to that of Table I, Run No. 1, of Example I, wherein various equilibration times in minutes were employed before the addition of the acetic anhydride capping agent to the reactants. The polyphenylene oxide control was identical to that of Example I, Run No. 4. The effect of the equilibration time upon the degree of capping of the polyphenylene oxide is demonstrated by the data set out in Table II hereafter:
As illustrated by the foregoing data, the capping reaction can effectively be carried out over a very short period of time. Comparable results in capping effectiveness are obtained wherein tricaprylmonomethylammonium dithionite is substituted for tricaprylmonomethylammonium chloride in the capping evaluations of Example I, Run Nos. 1, 2 and 3 and Example II, Run Nos. 1, 2 and 3.
This example illustrates the reduction, capping and total isolation of xylenol polymerization reaction products with catalysis of both of these steps from only a single addition of a catalytic phase transfer agent at a concentration of 0.005 g. per g. polymer. To a stirred oxygenated solution of 0.31 g. (0.00031 mole) N,N-dimethylbutylamine in 192 ml. toluene in a 3-neck flask equipped with stirrer, oxygen inlet tube and thermometer and partially immersed in a 25° stirred water bath, was added in the order listed 0.135 g. (0.00034 mole) CuBr2.(t-C4 H9 )NHCH2 CH2 NH(t-C4 H9) and 25 g. (0.205 mole) 2,6-dimethylphenol. The mixture was stirred vigorously under oxygen for 42 minutes. At this point, two 10 ml. aliquots were removed and the polymer was isolated from them in one case by dropwise addition of 50 ml. methanol to the stirred solution followed by methanol washing of the solid and drying in a vacuum oven (sample A-1) and in the other case by adding the polymer reaction mixture to 1 liter of vigorously stirred, boiling water in a Morton flask which removed the volatile components by steam distillation and flash boiling followed by washing the solid with water and drying in a vacuum oven (sample A-2). The intrinsic viscosity of the polymer was found to be 0.5 dl./g. (chloroform, 25° C.).
To the remaining reaction mixture was added 1.13 ml. of a 10% solution of Aliquat 336® in toluene (0.5% catalytic phase transfer agent based on polymer weight). Nitrogen was bubbled through the mixture and 0.493 g. sodium dithionite was added in five portions. During this addition, two 0.25 ml. samples of water were also added. The reaction mixture turned from a deep brown to a milky white color. Two aliquots were removed as described above and precipitated with methanol (sample B-1) and with hot water (sample B-2).
To the remaining reaction mixture was added 3.44 g. of a 50% sodium hydroxide solution (ten times the estimated phenolic hydroxyl content of the polymer with molecular weight of 20,000 and of the biphenol from the reduction of tetramethyldiphenoquinone, assuming a 2% yield based on the initial 2,6-dimethylphenol). A light green color was noted. After 30 minutes, 1.23 g. acetic anhydride (three times the estimated molar hydroxyl content) was added over a 15 minute period. The light yellow solution was divided into two portions and the polymer was precipitated in the manner described above with methanol (sample C-1) and with hot water (sample C-2).
The discoloration achieved by reduction and capping for the hot water precipitated polymer was determined by measuring their visible spectra. The increase in hydroxyl groups on reduction of carbonyl groups and the decrease on capping was determined by measuring their infrared spectra.
The visible light absorption of the methanol precipitated samples were also decreased by reduction and capping. The untreated product A-1 had an absorbance at 422 nm. of 0.12 while both the reduced and reduced and capped samples (B-1 and C-1, respectively) had absorbances of 0.03.
Polyphenylene oxides which are capped in accordance with the process of this invention are substantially free of color bodies, chromophores, or incipient hydroxyl groups, and are substantially resistant to oxidative and/or thermal degradation at elevated temperatures. Accordingly, these polymers after capping may be used to prepare improved articles of manufacture having improved thermal and oxidative stability. These polyphenylene oxides can be employed either alone or in combination with other resins using conventional manufacturing techniques such as molding, vacuum forming extrusion, etc., in the manufacture of articles having improved color oxidation and thermal stability.
The polyphenylene oxides prepared by our invention are particularly well suited for applications requiring excellent electrical insulation, good mechanical properties at elevated temperatures and dimensional stability under conditions of high humidity and mechanical load, including television tuner strips, microwave insulation, coil cores, and transformer housings. In addition, our polyphenylene oxides can be used for a diversity of water-distribution and water-treatment applications including molded parts which require the maintenance of close tolerances in aqueous environments especially during prolonged immersion in water. Additionally, among many others, our polyphenylene oxides can be used in applications requiring service at elevated temperatures, such as in filter stacks, filter discs, and valve seats.
Obviously, other modifications and variations of the present invention are possible in light of the above teachings. It is, therefore, understood that changes may be made in the particular embodiments of the invention described which are within the full intended scope of the invention as defined by the appended claims.
1. A process comprising contacting a polyphenylene oxide with a capping agent selected from the class consisting of monoacyl halides of the formula ##STR6## hydrocarbon monosulfonyl halides of the formula R--SO2 --X, anhydrides of monocarboxylic acids of the formula ##STR7## alkyl halides of the formula R-X, dialkyl sulfates of the formula R--O--SO2 --O--R, wherein R is alkyl, cycloalkyl, or mixtures thereof, X is chlorine, bromine, fluorine or iodine, wherein the mole ratio of capping agent to hydroxyl group per polymer unit is within the range of from about 0.5:1 to about 10:1 and wherein said contacting is carried out at a temperature within the range of from about 0° to about 100° C. in the presence of (1) a water soluble base selected from the class consisting of alkali metal and alkaline earth metal hydroxide or carbonate bases, (2) a catalytic phase transfer agent, and optionally, (3) an effective organic phase reducing agent.
2. A process comprising contacting a polyphenylene oxide with a capping agent selected from the class consisting of monoacyl halides of the formula ##STR8## hydrocarbon monosulfonyl halides of the formula R-SO2 -X, anhydrides of monocarboxylic acids of the formula ##STR9## alkyl halides of the formula R--X, dialkyl sulfates of the formula R--O--SO2 --O--R, wherein R is alkyl, cycloalkyl, or mixtures thereof, X is chlorine, bromine, fluorine or iodine, wherein the mole ratio of capping agent to hydroxyl group per polymer unit is within the range of from about 0.5:1 to about 1:1 and wherein said contacting is carried out at a temperature within the range of from about 15° to about 80° C. in the presence of (1) a water soluble base selected from the class consisting of alkali metal and alkaline earth metal hydroxide or carbonate bases, (2) a catalytic phase transfer agent, and optionally, (3) an effective organic phase reducing agent.
3. The claim 2 process, wherein the process sequence comprises contacting sequentially the polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture with -- first -- an effective organic phase reducing agent and a water soluble base, and -- second -- with a capping agent.
4. The claim 3 process, wherein the amount of capping agent present is an amount sufficient to react with substantially all of the hydroxyl groups contained by polymer units, any unreacted phenolic compounds and other low molecular weight oligomers.
5. The claim 4 process, wherein said polyphenylene oxide is 2,6-dimethyl-1,4-polyphenylene oxide, said catalytic phase transfer agent is selected from quaternary ammonium compounds, quaternary phosphonium compounds, tertiary sulfonium compounds, or mixtures thereof, said base is an alkali metal water soluble base, and said capping agent is acetic anhydride.
7. The claim 6 process, wherein said recovering is carried out at temperatures within the range of from about 0° to about 50° C.
8. A process in accordance with claim 2, wherein the process sequence comprises contacting sequentially: (1) a polyphenylene oxide reaction mixture and an effective organic phase reducing agent which contains cations selected from quaternary ammonium, quaternary phosphonium and tertiary sulfonium ions and an anion selected from dithionite, dithiosulfate and borohydride ions, (2) a water soluble base, and (3) a capping agent.
US6593391B2 (en) 2001-03-27 2003-07-15 General Electric Company Abrasive-filled thermoset composition and its preparation, and abrasive-filled articles and their preparation
US6770107B2 (en) 2001-03-27 2004-08-03 General Electric Company Abrasive-filled thermoset composition and its preparation, and abrasive-filled articles and their preparation
US20030153641A1 (en) * 2001-03-27 2003-08-14 Hua Guo Abrasive-filled thermoset composition and its preparation, and abrasive-filled articles and their preparation
US5917078A (en) 1999-06-29 Process for the isolation and removal of unwanted water from a chemical reaction
A quilted blanket (1) with a preferably rectangular covering and a loosely packed filling is described. The covering has at least one closable opening through which it can be filled with filling material. So that this blanket (1) can be used both as a so-called summer blanket and as a so-called winter blanket and so that it can be easily filled and emptied, particularly partially filled and emptied, the filling material comprises loosely packed filling material such as aggregates of spherically wrapped fibres. The opening of the covering can be closed by means of an easily openable fastener, such as a zipper, VELCRO tape, adhesive tape or by the like, or means of buttons.
Blankets, particularly quilts, should protect the human body. They create a zone between the body and the surrounding air which impedes an exchange of heat between the body and the surroundings and thereby reduces the radiation of heat from the human body, thereby preventing an undercooling of the resting body.
Depending on the ambient temperature, it may be desired that more or less of the heat produced by the human body escape through the blanket. If the ambient temperature is low and the heat gradient is thus relatively high, as for example in the winter, then the blanket should retain as much of the heat produced by the body as possible. If, on the other hand, the ambient temperature is relatively high, as for example in the summer, then it may even be desired that as much heat as possible be carried away from the human body.
As a rule, the retention of heat is essentially achieved by providing an immovable air volume above the human body, i.e. the effect is for the most part achieved by a stationary air cushion, whereby use is made of the fact that air has a low coefficient of thermal conduction.
This means that a blanket, in particular a quilt, should allow a transmission of heat that is inversely proportional to the temperature drop. This is not possible with conventional blankets.
It was therefore proposed to use different blankets in the summer than in the winter or fall and spring which is why one speaks of so-called "summer blankets", "winter blankets" and "fall blankets".
"Winter blankets" and "fall blankets" are designed in such a way that if possible there are no thermal bridges. Thus, instead of normal quilting seams, webs are used, which ensure that the top sheet is the same distance, if possible, from the bottom sheet in the area of the stitching as in the area between the stitching. Fall blankets and in particular winter blankets are also fuller or thicker in order to be able to hold as large an air volume as possible. In the summer these blankets are too warm, i.e. heat builds up under the blanket since the heat produced by the person is not carried away due to the low heat conductivity and the relatively low temperature drop in the summer.
"Summer blankets" are very light, and can also have quilting seams forming otherwise undesired thermal bridges. These so-called thermal bridges allow the heat to pass through very easily. If necessary, a summer blanket should also be able to absorb or let through the perspiration given off by the human body.
It has also been proposed to design a quilt as a blanket system such that several individual blankets can be combined into one overall blanket to form one blanket which is thicker in accordance with the individual blankets. However, this blanket is then also correspondingly heavier.
In both known proposals, the use of two blankets is provided, whereby the second blanket must be stored when it is not being used.
A so-called web blanket in which the outer surfaces of the blanket are joined together by means of webs also on the outer edges of the blanket is known from German U-8.704.127.8. The blanket is divided into a plurality of chambers by the inner webs. Closable openings can be provided in at least one such outer web, to allow filling material, which can be down, synthetic filling, wool and the like, to be fed in. The inner webs are designed in part as discontinuous webs in such a way that the openings of the inner webs also permit access to the internal chambers. Since down can also be used as filling material in this blanket, the closures in the outer webs must be designed to be down-proof, i.e. they are sewn shut after the blanket is filled. Once manufacturing of this blanket is finished, its properties are no longer changed. The filling material can be evenly distributed in the blanket through the discontinuous inner webs.
A so-called coffered blanket is known from German A-3 147 023. Here continuous and intersecting inner webs are provided which divide the blanket into a plurality of chambers. It is proposed that continuous easily closable opening devices, such as zippers, be provided essentially over the length of the webs extending in one direction. To replace, empty, and fill the blanket, an edge seam of the blanket is opened and subsequently sewn up so that the cover is down-proof. To fill and empty the blanket, the zippers disposed on the inner webs can be opened and closed.
Thus, filling or emptying the two aforenamed blankets entails a great deal of work, in particular the outside opening of the covering must always be sewn up again.
From German A-491 524 and Swiss A-658 177 blankets are known which have a casing with longitudinal chambers or pockets into which toroidal or square cushions can be inserted or removed. Thus, in the summer, cushions with a different design can be used than in the winter. Both blankets are basically casings for taking up several smaller blanket parts which can also be used separately.
It is the object of the present invention to provide a blanket, particularly a quilt, with a preferably rectangular covering and a loosely packed filling, wherein the covering has at least one closable opening through which the covering can be filled with filling material and whereby the blanket is quilted, so that it can be used both as a so-called summer blanket and as a so-called winter blanket. The blanket should be easy to fill and empty, and, in particular, partially fill and empty.
This object is attained by the blanket according to the invention in which the filling material comprises aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers, and the opening of the covering can be closed with an easily openable fastener, such as a zipper, VELCRO tape, adhesive fastener and the like or with buttons.
The user of the blanket can thus fill the blanket with more or less filling material and thus adapt the insulating property to his personal requirements in accordance with the prevailing ambient temperatures. Thus, the covering will be filled with more filling material in the winter in order to increase the volume, whereas in the summer the filling volume is reduced in order to thus increase the diathermancy or thermal insulation of the blanket. Thus, the degree of filling of the blanket is changed in accordance with the respective climatic requirements. The filling material should always have approximately the same density, i.e. it should not be compacted by overfilling since, for the most part, only the weight of the blanket is increased by this; the diathermancy is essentially unchanged.
The covering can be opened and closed in the simplest manner in order to remove or fill the blanket. The opening can also be closed, for example, by parts of the covering that are folded inwards.
To simplify filling and emptying on the one hand, and on the other hand to prevent the filling material from escaping, the filling material comprises or consists solely of aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers which adhere slightly to one another, preventing parts of the filling material from escaping unchecked, as can happen with down, after the covering is opened. Thus, smaller metered quantities can be removed or added. The filling material can, however, also contain flocks, foam sticks and the like.
The two sheets of the blanket are advantageously joined together with stitching at points spaced apart from one another. The stitching can be carried out in such a way that the stitching is also through the filling material. For this purpose the blanket casing is filled with filling material evenly distributed in the casing. Stitching is then carried out in known fashion through the filled blanket. Individual parts of the filling material, particularly the aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers, are thereby pierced by the quilting threads.
The stitching forms, for example, a line pattern and can thereby be continuous or discontinuous. The stitching can also be arranged in a pattern over the surface of the blanket or for the most part can merely be in the form of dots. According to a special embodiment at least some of the previously described, various manners of stitching in a blanket can be combined with one another.
It is recommended that a plurality of closable openings be provided, especially in quilts, in particular quilts with bulging or tubular chambers arranged parallel to one another and longitudinally or transversely to the longitudinal sides of the covering. If necessary, an opening may be allocated to each individual chamber. The individual chambers can then also be filled differently. Thus, for example, the foot area can contain substantially more filling material, especially in the winter, than the head area, whereas, for example in the summer, the degree of filling in both areas can be substantially the same but lower. The longitudinal chambers in the center can have a higher degree of filling, especially in the winter, than the outer longitudinal chambers of the blanket.
According to a preferred embodiment of the invention, the closable openings are arranged in the peripheral seam of the blanket. This is not only very advantageous for the manufacture of such a blanket since it can then be manufactured simply and inexpensively, but it also proves itself in practice since in each case there is only a smaller opening and the material to be removed or filled in is to be handled in a narrow opening crosssection. The filling materials described above can be evenly distributed very easily even with a closed opening.
Such a blanket can be manufactured by filling a blanket covering, which comprises two sheets that are merely joined together at their peripheral seam and whereby at least one zipper or the like is sewn in this peripheral seam, with filling material such as aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers and by closing the zipper or the like. The filled blanket is thereafter provided with quilting seams in a pattern over the entire surface. The stitching is advantageously also through the filling material which tends to reduce the thermal bridges otherwise present in the area of the quilting seams.
The stitchings can in part be parallel to one another, thereby forming bulging or tubular chambers. However, stitching only in the form of dots can also be provided, particularly in the center part of the blanket.
Further particulars and advantages of the invention can be ascertained from the exemplary embodiments described herebelow and shown in the accompanying drawings.
These blankets 1 are divided into different chambers 30 to 38 by different manners of stitching 20 to 23, whereby additional shorter stitchings 40 to 44 are arranged in these chambers 30 to 38. Furthermore, zippers 50 to 54 through which filling material can be added or removed at any time after they are opened are provided in the edges of the blankets. An opening could also be provided such as along line 25 which would be closed by folding over the corner of blanket 1.
In FIG. 1 bulging chambers 30 are formed by linear stitchings 20, which form an angle of 45° with the side edges 2 and 3 of the blanket 1, the ends of these chambers diagonally closing the side edges 2 and 3. Triangular chambers 30' are thereby formed in the corners of the blanket 1. Adjacent thereto, in each case is a second bulging chamber 30", with a third bulging chamber 30"' contiguous said second chamber. A relatively large, in this case diamond-shaped chamber 31 is disposed with this third bulging chamber 30"'.
Zippers 50 are sewn in the seam connecting the two sheets of the blanket 1 at both longitudinal edges 2 thereof, these zippers extending over almost the entire length of the side edges 2 of the blanket 1 but at a distance from its corners.
The diagonal arrangement of the bulging chambers 30' to 30"' prevent the filling material from being moved into the corners of the blanket 1 through intense movement by the sleeping person.
FIG. 2 shows a cover with bulging chambers 32 formed by stitchings 21, the axis of these chambers being aligned parallel to the transverse edges 3 of the blanket 1. Two such chambers 32 are arranged at one end of the blanket 1, which faces the user's head when in use, whereas there are four chambers 32 at the other end of the blanket 1. A large, rectangular chamber 33 is arranged therebetween, its width corresponding to approximately four times the width of the bulging chambers 32. As a rule this chamber 33 lies on the upper part of a person's body. Shorter stitchings 41, spaced apart from one another, are arranged in this large chamber 33. Some of the shorter stitchings 41 are perpendicular to others.
The blanket 1 according to FIG. 2 has two zippers 51, 52 on only one longitudinal edge 2, these zippers being just large enough that all chambers 32 and 33 can be filled or emptied through them.
FIG. 3 shows a blanket 1 in which bulging chambers 34 formed by stitching 22 are formed in the shoulder and arm region (at the top in the drawing) and in the leg and foot region, the longitudinal axis of these chambers being parallel to the longitudinal edges of the blanket 1. Five such chambers 34 are illustrated in this case, however, there can be more.
A large chamber 35, which is open compared to the bulging chambers 34, is arranged between the shoulder and arm region and the leg and foot region. Short stitchings 42 are arranged in the openings of the individual bulging chambers 34, these stitchings closing approximately half of the respective opening and thus separating the bulging chambers 34 from the large chamber 35. Although filling material can reach the large chamber 35 from the bulging chambers 34 and vice-versa, this is relatively difficult.
Short stitchings 43 that are again spaced apart from one another are also arranged in the large chamber of this blanket 1. A zipper 53 through which the bulging chambers 34 can be filled and emptied, is arranged at each of the two transverse edges 3 of the cover 1.
FIG. 4 shows a blanket 1 in which chambers are separated from one another by relatively short stitchings 23 compared to the stitchings described above. In this case also there is a smaller shoulder and arm region (chamber 36 in the drawing, top) and, in comparison, a larger leg and foot region (chamber 37) with an even larger middle area (chamber 38) arranged therebetween. These shorter stitchings are only slightly spaced apart from one another so that relatively little filling material containing aggregates of fiber can penetrate through the chamber boundaries formed thereby.
In addition, shorter stitchings 44 spaced farther apart from one another are arranged in all three chambers 36, 37 and 38. A zipper 54, through which the two chambers 36 and 37 can be filled or emptied, is disposed at each transverse edge 3.
A blanket 1 is manufactured in that a covering with the zippers 50 to 54 is produced and filled with filling material, as indicated in only a small portion of blanket 1 in FIG. 1 at 60 particularly aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers. After the zippers 50 to 54 are closed, the blanket 1 is provided with the stitchings 20 to 23 and 40 to 44 described above. The stitching is thus through the aggregates of fiber which are also stitched. The thermal bridge which usually exists in known quilts is substantially reduced by this.
While the degree of filling of the large chambers 31, 33, 35 and 38 is as a rule no longer changed, the user of the blanket 1 can fill or partially empty the other chambers 30, 32, 34, 36 and 37 in accordance with his wishes and requirements. It is also possible to completely empty one or several chambers, for example during a very hot summer.
Additional filling material can be supplied in casings, such as plastic tubes or the like, whereby these casings filled with refill material can be arranged within the blanket 1, for example in a larger chamber accessible from the outside.
The higher the degree of filling of a chamber, the greater the volume of said chamber and the higher the thermal insulation offered by the blanket. The maximum degree of filling (100%) results when the blanket cannot expand further. During the summer a filling degree of 50 to 70% is as a rule sufficient, whereas during the winter a filling degree of 80 to 100% is felt to be comfortable.
It is possible to fill in even more filling material, but this only increases the weight of the blanket not the thermal insulation.
Moreover, it is possible to fill individual chambers with different filling materials, for example aggregates of fiber made of wool, synthetics, plant or animal fibers. These materials have different properties with respect to the absorption of perspiration which can be utilized purposefully.
As a rule, the shoulder and arm region and the leg and foot region are filled more than the middle region of the blanket. With the blanket 1 according to FIG. 1 the areas in the corners of the blanket can be filled more in order, on the one hand, for the blanket to lie better because of the higher weight and, on the other hand, to better warm the arms and hands or the feet.
With the blanket 1 according to FIG. 3 the middle chamber in the foot region can be filled more, while the two outer chambers are, for example, wrapped around the feet.
To sum up, it can be established that the blanket according to the invention provides a "building block" so that everyone can fill his own personal blanket.
The shorter dot-like stitchings 40 to 44 in chambers 31, 33, 35 and 38 prevent the filling material within the blanket 1 from slipping into regions in which it is not wanted. The aggregates of fiber used adhere slightly to one another, in contrast, for example, to down or feathers, so that it is guaranteed that the blanket is always filled according to the wishes of the user, even in partial areas.
Aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers, which can be used in this blanket, are described, for example, in EP-A-0 257 658 published in the meantime and in EP-A-0 259 730.
It is to be understood that preferred embodiments of the invention have been described above and that further changes and/or modifications can be made without departing from the spirit of the invention as encompassed by the following claims.
1. A quilted blanket comprising first and second substantially rectangular covering sheets and a loosely packed filling material made of aggregates of spherically wrapped fibers, said covering including at least one closeable opening through which the covering can be filled with filling material, wherein the opening of the covering can be closed by means of an easily openable fastener and wherein a large chamber is arranged approximately in the middle of the blanket in which spaced, dot-like stitchings, spaced far apart from another, are arranged, said stitchings forming differently shaped chambers in the blanket.
3. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein the chambers are joined to one another, but are only restricted by dot-like stitchings lying in one line.
4. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein a plurality of chambers in the blanket have different degrees of filling.
6. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein a plurality of chambers in the blanket are filled with different filling material.
7. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein each individual chamber is provided with an associated opening.
8. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein said blanket includes a peripheral seam and said at least one closeable opening is arranged in said peripheral seam.
9. A blanket according to claim 1 wherein said at least one closeable opening is arranged in a longitudinal end of the blanket.
Y10T24/27—Buckles, buttons, clasps, etc. including readily dissociable fastener having numerous, protruding, unitary filaments randomly interlocking with, and simultaneously moving towards, mating structure [e.g., hook-loop type fastener]
Y10T24/2775—Buckles, buttons, clasps, etc. including readily dissociable fastener having numerous, protruding, unitary filaments randomly interlocking with, and simultaneously moving towards, mating structure [e.g., hook-loop type fastener] having opposed structure formed from distinct filaments of diverse shape to those mating therewith
Y10T24/2792—Buckles, buttons, clasps, etc. including readily dissociable fastener having numerous, protruding, unitary filaments randomly interlocking with, and simultaneously moving towards, mating structure [e.g., hook-loop type fastener] having mounting surface and filaments constructed from common piece of material
This invention describes a hook design for the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener system, and the hook strip made up of a multiplicity of such hooks projecting from a common base. The hook design encompasses a thickened stem portion projecting from the base and connecting to lobes of a crook portion at a neck. The stem portion is substantially thicker than the crook portion and terminates at the neck. The lobes and the stem are tapered whereby the hook can be easily withdrawn from its mold cavity during the molding operation. The hook is characterized by improved engageability and closure performance.
This invention relates to an improved design for a hook intended to be used as the hook portion of a hook and loop fastener. More particularly it is a design for a plastic molded hook; the bottom portion of which is attached to a flat continuous plastic strip of extended length and finite width containing many hooks thereon, the strip acting as a base for said hooks. The crook portion of the hook is attached to a stem portion projecting upwards from the base and connected to the crook portion at a neck portion from which dual lobes of the crook project outward, orientated generally parallel to the running length of the strip. The stem portion is substantially thicker than the crook portion which provides many advantages as will be described herein.
Hock and loop fasteners are well known in the art. U.S. Pat. No. 3,009,235, to G. De Mestral, describes a product produced by textile fabricating techniques which is sold under the registered trademark VELCRO. Many advances of the textile forming method have been patented over the years, but the limitations of the textile techniques as to product flexibility, process efficiency and manufacturing costs have directed an interest in forming hooks by plastic molding methods. Molding methods and the products from such methods are described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,147,528 to Erb; U.S. Pat. No. 3,762,000 to Menzin et al. and U.S. Pat. No. 4,872,243 to Fischer, all assigned to the assignee of the instant invention. U.S. Pat. No. 3,312,583 to Rochlis describes alternate methods of producing such molded hooks and illustrates several designs which resemble hooks generally similar to molded hooks utilized in hook and loop fasteners.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,984,339 to Provost et al., also assigned to the assignee of the instant invention, describes an improved hook design wherein the hook tapers smoothly and continuously downward in width from the sturdy base member to the free end such that a loop engaging the hook in tension with the applied force being substantially normal to the base member, will deform the hook portion resiliently under the applied force to release the loop at a desired applied force such that a loop engaging the hook in shear, with the applied force substantially parallel to the base member, will engage the sturdy base member such that it will not deform to release a loop engaging the hook in shear at or below the desired applied force.
U. S. Pat. No. 5,131,119 to Ryuichi Murasaki et al. describes a similar hook element with a gentle slope, a front portion extending at least partially straight from a flat base, a standing portion having at least one side accompanying a reinforcing rib extending from the flat base and a hook head extending forwardly from the standing portion, each hook element having a varying cross section area increasing gradually from the hook head toward the flat base.
U. S. Pat. No. 3,708,833 to Ribich and assigned to the assignee of the instant invention, describes engaging elements comprising flexible spear-like protuberances each having a stem supported at one end thereof on a base and on the unsupported end of the stem a flexible spear-like head having at least two opposite radial extensions which slope from the end of the stem toward the base and extend away from the stem and are resiliently flexible in a plane parallel to the plane of the stem. The particular design is claimed to be especially valuable for engaging reticulated foam as the companion element of the fastening system. While the design of Ribich provides excellent properties for a hook of a hook and loop fastening system, it is a very complex shape having multiple planes, tapers axed angles which require complex and expensive molds to create. One of the objects of the instant invention is to develop a shape with many of the performance advantages of the Ribich design but requiring a much simpler, more economical mold design.
The closure performance of hook and loop systems is generally evaluated by strength measurements encountered in separating the hook strip from the loop strip. Such measurements are referred to as tension when the forces are applied perpendicular to the plane of the base of the fastener strip and shear when the forces are applied parallel to the plane of the base of the fastener strip. Shear forces may be applied either along the long dimension of the strip, referred to as the machine direction, or perpendicular to the machine direction, referred to as the cross direction. When the strips are disengaged continuously along their length, or peeled apart, the performance is referred to as peel force.
Another aspect of the performance of a hook and loop system relates to the ability of the two companion elements to engage each other and is referred to herein as engagement and engagement force. Little attention has been devoted to the problems of engagement in the published art. As used herein, engagement force is the force required to press the fastener strips together. Once pressed together, the force to separate them is the separation force. Generally speaking, separation force is increased as engagement force increases. The shape of the top of a hook will have something to do with the amount of force required to engage the companion strips of a hook and loop closure.
Plastic molded hooks are formed in molds cut in the shape desired for the hook. Hook strips of a hook and loop fastening system contain a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base. Each hook requires its own individual mold cavity. Complex shapes which require extensive machining or etching of the mold cavity are costly and the number of hooks normally utilized on a hook strip accentuates the cost. It is therefore desirable to design a hook shape with a minimum of unusual shapes. It is one object of the present invention to produce a relatively simple hook shape with the performance characteristics of a much more complex shape.
This objective is satisfied by an improved plastic molded hook design which comprises a flat base, a stem connected from the base and projecting upwards therefrom, a neck portion connecting the stem to a crook portion, the crook portion having at least one lobe projecting from the stem at the neck in a plane generally parallel to the base. The lobe is designed with a continuously decreasing vertical thickness from its base at the neck to its tip. The neck has a width at least equal to the vertical thickness of the lobe at its thickest point. The stem portion has substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook portion and extends from the base upward to the neck from which a thinner crook projects. The width of the stem is also configured with a continuous decreasing width from the neck to the base. The laterally thickened stem projects upwards to the neck which lies above a point on the stem which is the point of stress concentration when the lobe is opened by a loop when two fastener strips are separated.
In another embodiment of the invention, twin crook lobes project from the neck in opposite directions, the plane of the lobes generally aligned with the machine direction of the hook strip. The lobes are designed with a continuously decreasing vertical thickness from their base at the neck to their tips. The neck has a width at least equal to two times the vertical thickness of a lobe at its thickest point. The stem portion has substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook portion and extends from the base upward to the neck from which the thinner crooks projects. The width of the stem is also configured with a continuous decreasing width from its base up to the neck. The laterally thickened stem projects upwards to the neck which lies above a point on the stem which is the point of stress concentration when at least one of the lobes is opened by a loop when two fastener Strips are separated.
The geometry of the hooks described can be made from very simple molds as compared to hook designs with many complex surfaces and undercuts. The continuously decreasing taper from the base to the tip of the crook of the hook permits easy removal of the hook from its mold, and the broadened stem does not interfere with the hook being pulled from its mold. Yet the broadened stem, as will become evident, contributes to substantially improved engagement of the hooks of this design and substantially improved closure performance.
FIG. 1b depicts the hook of FIG. 1a penetrating into a loop strip by pushing aside a group of loop elements.
FIG. 2a shows an end view of the hook of FIG. 2 where the reinforcing ribs are continuous in effect connecting the stem portions of multiple hooks.
FIG. 3 shows a hook design according to Murasaki in U.S. Pat. No. 5,131,119 with side reinforcing similar to the rip stops of FIG. 2 but without tracing the general shape nor filling the complete area of the stem of the hook where the reinforcing rib is placed.
FIG. 3a shows an end view of the hook design according to Murasaki in FIG. 3 with side reinforcing without connecting multiple hooks and the side reinforcing standing on each side of and only connected to a single hook.
FIG. 4 depicts the hook of Ribich as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,708,833 showing a tapered top and angled crook lobe molded from complex molds.
FIG. 5 is a hook showing a base, a stem, a neck and a head, wherein the head has two opposing complementary crooks projecting from the neck, opposing each other and substantially aligned parallel to the long dimension of the base.
FIG. 5a is the side view of the hook of FIG. 5 having a constant thickness throughout the entire element.
FIG. 6 is a hook showing a base, a stem, a neck and a head, wherein the head has two opposing complementary crooks projecting from the neck, opposing each other and substantially aligned parallel to the long dimension of the base but a broadened stem outlined by the hash-marked area.
FIG. 6a is the hook of FIG. 6 shown from its left side with the broadened stem portion identified in the hash-marked area at the right hand side of the drawing with the head portion attached to the stem at the neck the hook.
FIG. 6b is the hook of FIG. 6 shown from its right side with the broadened stem portion identified in the hash-marked area at the left hand side of the drawing with the head portion attached to the stem at the neck the hook.
FIG. 7 is a graph showing engagement performance of various hooks illustrating the advantages gained in engageability and performance from the instant invention.
FIG. 8 illustrates the frontal view of the neck and head portion of the hook of FIG. 5, with section lines showing the cross section portion at the base of each crook and the throat of the neck of the hook.
FIG. 9 illustrates a front view of the neck and head portion of the hook of FIG. 6, with section lines showing the cross section portion at the base of each crook and the throat of the neck of the hook and the thickened portion of the stem shown in the hashed-mark area.
FIG. 9a is a right hand side view of FIG. 9 with the thickened stem portion depicted in the hash-marked area.
FIG. 10 is a view of the entire hook of the instant invention with specific dimensions shown to illustrate the best mode design for the hook and for which performance data are provided.
FIG. 11 is a view of only the thickened stem portion of the hook of the instant invention, if such a portion were separate and alone, with specific dimensions shown to illustrate the best mode of the invention and also illustrating the method by which the thickened portion of the stem is fitted to the overall hook design.
FIG. 12 is an isometric view of the hook of this invention illustrating the relationship of the crook portion to the thickened stem portion and how they are configured together at the neck of the hook.
FIG. 14 is the hook of FIG. 1 illustrated in a position where the crook is deflected into an open position by a loop.
FIG. 15 is the hook of FIG. 2 illustrated in a position where the crook is deflected into an open position by a loop.
FIG. 16 is a single lobed hook of the present invention where a thickened stem projects from the base up to the neck of the hook and beyond the point of stress concentration on the stem.
FIG. 17 is the hook of FIG. 16 illustrated in a position where the crook is deflected into an open position by a loop.
FIG. 1 is a molded hook(1) of the prior art with a base(2), a stem(5), a crook(3), a hook top(4) and a crook tip (3a). The hook has a lateral thickness as shown in FIG. 1a. This dimension will be referred to as lateral thickness for all hook types described herein. The crook(3) of FIG. 1 and FIG. 1a have the same lateral thickness as the stem(5). The crook(3) of FIG. 1 has an additional thickness which is that dimension from the bottom of the crook(3) to the top of the crook(4). This latter dimension is referred to as vertical thickness. This terminology of lateral and vertical thickness is used throughout this application regardless of the type hook being described.
When penetrating into a mass of loops, the hook top(4) pushes aside the fibrous loops(6) which slip below the crook tip(3a) and swing under the crook(3). After such action takes place, if an attempt is made to separate the two strips, the loops resting under the crook of the hook are trapped within the crook and the strips can not be separated without bending a crook or breaking the loop. When the hooks restrain loops in the manner described, the strips are considered to be engaged. Usually the number of hooks in a hook and loop strip is substantially less than the number of loops. Therefore, the degree of engagement is considered to be the number of hooks that are engaged relative to the total number of hooks available for engagement. Engagement can be referred to as a percentage of actual hooks engaged to the actual number of hooks present that might be engaged. Percentage engagement will be dependent upon many things, but one factor that plays a major role in engagement is the force applied to press the two elements together, which we refer to as engagement force herein. Generally, the greater the engagement force the higher the percent engagement.
Engagement force itself will depend upon several factors. One very important factor is the shape of the hook. A very broad, flat topped hook would be expected to require more force to push aside the fibers of the loop than a very thin topped hook. Therefore the top of the hook in FIG. 1 being very flat and broad will require considerable force to penetrate into the mass of fibers on the loop strip. In addition the loops are diverted, bent and crushed by the broad top of the hook. One way to maintain the engagement penetration force low is to make the hooks very thin. However, very thin hooks have a tendency to twist and bend and the crook portion of the hook twists out from under the loop rather than bending straight back, a mechanism which provides the maximum efficiency of the hook design.
A method used to discourage this twisting is to apply reinforcing ribs to the sides of the hook. The hook(1) of FIG. 3 illustrates this technique as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,131,119 to Murasaki. FIGS. 2 and 2a show similar configurations but in this case the reinforcing ribs(7) take on the complete shape of the stem(5) in the area where they reinforce the hook. These ribs(7) are positioned only a short way up the stem(5) of the hook(1). The particular rib configuration, which links together adjacent hooks(l), as shown in FIG. 3a, was developed to enhance the tear strength of the strip base(2). The ribs(7) act as rip stops when tear forces are applied to the base(2) of the hook strip. Such rip stops(7), acting essentially the same as the reinforcing ribs(7) of Murasaki, were determined to have a minimal effect on the closure performance of a molded hook strip and do not interfere in any way with engagement of the hook. It was heretofore generally believed important to keep the height of the reinforcing portion of the stem as short as possible in order not to increase engagement force.
FIG. 3a depicts an end view of the hook of FIG. 3 showing the reinforcing ribs(7) to proceed only partially up the side of the stem(5) and only covering a small portion of the cross section of the stem(5). Other views from the Murasaki patent, not shown, show thin supporting ribs joining adjacent hooks.
FIG. 4 is a drawing of the hook of Ribich as taken from U.S. Pat. No. 3,708,833. We have observed this hook has an unusual property of being able to engage very efficiently with loops, about which more will be said below. Apparently the slightly tapered top and stem of the hook permit this very advantageous engagement characteristic. However, such designs require elaborate molds to be designed and fabricated at substantial economic penalty. The molds for making such hooks are extremely expensive and it is one object of the instant invention to produce a hook with substantially similar properties as more elaborately molded shapes but with much simpler and less costly shapes to produce.
FIG. 5 illustrates the cross sectional view of a hook for a hook and loop fastener which has twin crooks as the head of the hook. The crooks are connected through the neck of the hook to the stem and project outward from the neck generally parallel to the base of the hook strip. The crook can be curved to the degree desired to enhance its ability to trap or ensnare loops when the hook is plunged into a mass of fibrous loops. This general shape is often referred to as a "palm tree" hook. Such hooks are formed by injection molding or by extrusion and cross cutting the extruded profile. One method of making such hooks is referred to in the trade as the "cut and stretch" method. In the case of the so called "cut and stretch" methods of forming hooks, hooks must be of substantially uniform thickness from their base throughout the entire cross section due to the action of the cutting blade which forms the hook from a profiled extrusion. Such hooks, whether molded or extruded and cut, have a flat top profile as illustrated by FIG. 5a. This flat profile blunts the ability of the hook to penetrate into a mass of loops as illustrated in FIG. 1a.
FIG. 6 is a face view of a hook of this invention, and FIG. 6a and 6b are side views of the same hook from the left side and the right side of FIG. 6, respectively. The left hand side(10) of FIG. 6a is similar to the palm tree hook of FIG. 5. However, this hook has a much broader stem throughout the entire stem portion and extending up to the neck(15) of the hook. The crook of the hook extends beyond the neck(15) and has a substantially thinner cross section than the stem portion(14). The twin crooks(9) can be of any convenient shape, but I prefer a smooth sweeping curve from the neck continuously decreasing in vertical thickness from the base at the neck(15) to the hook tip(11). A mold cavity for such configuration is easy to produce and such a continuous taper permits withdrawal of the hook without the need for shifting molds or complex mold mechanisms.
As mentioned above, we have found that the Ribich hook has excellent engaging properties. FIG. 7 is a graph illustrating the beneficial effects of the hook of this invention. The data for this graph are contained in Table I below. The data for this graph were obtained by preparing a jig for an INSTRON tensile tester which has opposed flat platens, one platen having affixed thereto a one inch wide hook strip and the other platen having affixed thereto a one inch wide loop strip. Each platen has attached to its underside a perpendicular projection configured to fit into and be held by the jaws of the tensile tester. A one inch strip of companion element strips are attached to each platen. The platens are affixed to the jaws of the tester in such a manner that the element surfaces of the opposed strips are parallel to each other but the longitudinal direction of each strip are at an angle of ninety degrees to each other such that when the jaws of the tester are closed the elements of the two strips engage in an area of one square inch.
The test is performed by setting the tensile tester so as to close to a predetermined force. That is, after the jaws encounter one another they continue to close until a predetermined force is reached: at which point, the jaws reverse and start to separate. As the jaws separate, the force required to separate the hook from the loop is recorded. The above described procedure is repeated for four different closure forces: one, three, five and ten pounds. The data so obtained is then plotted on the graph shown in FIG. 7. The abscissa(20) of the graph is the force applied to engage the hook and loop elements together while the ordinate(21) depicts the force required to separate the hook and loop closure.
Three curves (25), (26) and (27) are shown on the graph of FIG. 7 The graph line (25), representing data taken for the Ribich hook (FIG. 4), shows a very rapid rise in separation force leveling out at greater than eight pounds after about five pounds compression force. On the other hand, the graph for a standard palm tree hook (FIG. 5) increases its separation force only gradually and still after ten pounds of compression force is unable to reach even three pounds of separation force. The performance of the hook design of the instant invention is depicted by line (26). While it does not achieve the levels of the Ribich hook, it shows substantial improvement in engageability over the standard hook. This is accomplished with a minimum of geometric planes in the hook itself and the hook shape retains its simplicity of design, eliminating the need for complex mold cavity design and permitting one no utilize low cost economical molds. However, I have found that this design not only permits economical mold building, but it also, surprisingly, produces a hook with substantially improved closure performance even beyond the advantages of ease of engagement noted. This improvement in properties is best illustrated by referring to Table I below. The hooks tested include three distinct types similar to the types depicted in FIGS. 4, 5, and 6. The first product is sold by Velcro USA Inc. under the product designation VELCRO MVA-8 and is a similar design to that shown in U.S. Pat. No. 3,708,833 and in FIG. 4. The second product is an experimental product produced by the Velcro Group Corporation Research Engineers and is designated as CFM-8. CFM-8 is a hook essentially identical to the hook in FIG. 5. The third hook depicted is an experimental version of the hook of the instant invention and is designated as CFM-24. It contains the stouter stem carried up to the very neck of the hook with the palm tree crook projecting from the neck substantially parallel to the base of the hook strip.
The three hooks were obtained by molding hooks from a nylon resin from E. I. Dupont & Co. sold under the trade name Zytel. The resin for MVA-8 had a higher melt flow than the resin for either the CFM-8 or the CFM-24 hook. The resin used for the latter two hooks is sold under the designation Zytel FE 4209-HSL.
It should be noted the hook designated as CFM-8 differs from the hook designated CFM-24 essentially in the width of the stem. The crook portion of the hooks are essentially the same. While one might expect the increase in shear strength from the broadened stem the increase in tension and peel would not be so expected. We believe this increase is primarily due to the positioning of the broadened stem up to the very neck of the hook. FIG. 9 illustrates more exactly the ideal positioning of the broadened stem(14) at the neck of the hook(15) which is where the two crook lobes of the hook project outward from the stem. FIG. 12 is an isometric view of a hook of this invention showing the relationship of the broadened stem, neck and crook of the hook. FIG. 13 shows a multiplicity of hooks positioned on a common base with a spaced apart relationship. The spacing should be sufficient to permit loops to penetrate between the hooks. The specific spacing is not critical but the strength of a given hook is multiplied by the number of hooks present in a given area. However, the greater the number of hooks the greater amount of material will be needed to form a given area of strip fastener. The fastener designer has a broad latitude in choosing the spacing to achieve a given closure performance.
In designing hooks (such as the prior art hook shown in FIG. 1) so they can be created in simplified molds without the need for complex mold mechanisms, the crook lobes are customarily tapered so that no undercut occurs anywhere along the withdrawal path from the mold cavity. Any such undercut would inhibit withdrawal of the hook from the mold cavity. Providing such taper is relatively easily done with single lobe crook hooks because the taper is one continuous taper from the crook tip to the bottom of the stem where it joins the base. However, when developing double lobe crook hooks it is important that the dimension of the neck is sufficiently wide to accommodate the breadth of the two lobes as they are being withdrawn. In FIG. 8 the thickest portion of the crook lobes is at the point where they join(16). The width of the neck at this point is the width along lines B-B' and C-C'. It is important that the dimension of the neck A-A' be approximately equal to the sum of the vertical thickness B-B'+C-C'. While some small amount of squeezing of the polymer is permissible as the hook is withdrawn from the mold cavity, a neck width substantially less than the combined vertical thickness of the two lobes will create a restriction which will cause the lobes to break off as the hook is pulled from the mold cavity. Or, if the polymer is not sufficiently solidified, the crook portion will be distended as it is pulled through an opening that is too narrow. If such narrowing occurs the closure strength of the hook will not be as intended when the original dimensions of the hook were established.
By creating the broadened stem(14), up to the very neck(15) of the hook where the two lobes(9) meet, the broadened stem(14) provides support for the base of the crook lobes which enhances their ability to resist being deformed during separation from a loop element. However, even though the crook lobes are reinforced by the extension of the broadened stem they are not inhibited in any way from withdrawal from the mold cavity. No undercuts are formed by extending the broadened stem in this way. Thus, there is no restriction limiting the removal of the hook from a mold cavity. In this manner one is able to achieve the advantages of reinforcing the crook lobes without having to include reinforcing elements that will restrict removal, but at the same time use a hook top which has a thinner profile than would otherwise be required for the hook strength desired. The relatively thinner profile of the hook top permits enhanced engageability of the hook into a mat of dense loops and thus accomplishes improved closure performance while providing ease of engagement. This combination of the thickened stem, reaching completely up to the point on the neck from which the crook lobes project outward, and the thinner crook lobes, provides a hook with substantially improved engaging characteristics coupled with substantially improved closure performance.
It is clear, the performance of the enlarged stem hook is superior to a hook of uniform overall dimensions. While it in no way affects the validity of this invention nor is the invention dependent thereon, we believe the following explanation is helpful in understanding why such design imparts such superior performance. It is not difficult to realize that shear strength should be increased as the stem thickness increases. The thicker the stem the greater the mass of material resisting deflection and therefore the greater the force required to bring about deflection. A loop engaging low down on the stem exerts its force parallel to the base and tends to exert its force on the stem rather than upon the crook. A thickened stem hook, therefore, will perform at a higher shear force,
Such an explanation, however, would not seem to apply to deflection of the crook which is of less thickness. As explained above, the top flat profile (lateral thickness) of the crook portion affects the ability of the hook to penetrate a mass of loops. Also, the ability of a crook to withstand deformation is greater with greater lateral thickness. FIG. 14 is the hook of FIG. 1 shown in a stressed condition. Finite element analysis (FEA) shows that the stress concentration occurring in such a hook configuration, when stressed by a loop (18), will lie within but near the top of the stem portion. A point on the inside of the stem(21) is stressed in tension, and a point on the outside of the stem(20) is stressed in compression. FIG. 14 illustrates stress concentration lines within the hook stem. FIG. 15 illustrates the hook of the prior art where a reinforcing section, or thicker stem, is configured part way up the stem. However, the reinforced section lies well below the stress concentration points (20) and (21) of the stem.
FIG. 16 is an illustration of a single crooked hook where the broadened stem is positioned from the flat base all the way up to the neck(15) of the hook(1) where the crook(3) projects outward from the stem(7). FIG. 17 is the hook of FIG. 16 in its stressed mode showing that the top of the broadened portion of the stem projects above the stress concentration points(20) and (21). By extending the broadened stem, or a reinforcing of the stem, to a point above where stress concentration occurs upon deflection of the hook, the force necessary to deflect the crook or crooks of the hook are increased. When these deflection forces are increased, both the peel force and tension force of the fastener strip are also increased.
In designing a hook that has a reduced profile along its upper flat portion it is possible to achieve improved performance by thickening the stem up to or above the deflection or buckle point of the hook. If the points where stress concentration occurs are thicker than the tops of the crook portion, one is able to realize improved penetration into a mat of loops and still generate increased deflection forces on the crook which in turn translates into improved closure performance.
a stem having a width and a lateral thickness, the stem connected to and projecting upwards from the base;
a neck portion positioned at the top of the stem, having substantially the same width as the stem and
a crook having a base, a tip, a lateral thickness and a vertical thickness, comprising at least one lobe projecting longitudinally outwards from the neck in a plane generally parallel to the base and aligned vertically with a plane in which the stem is aligned;
3. The hook of claim 1 wherein the crook lobe forms a continuously decreasing taper from the neck to the lobe tip.
5. A hook strip for a hook and loop closure system containing a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base, each individual hook having the design of claim 1.
a crook having a base, a tip, a lateral thickness and a vertical thickness, comprising at least one lobe projecting longitudinally outwards from the neck in a plane generally parallel to the base, the stem portion having substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook portion wherein the thickened stem has its thickness greater than the thickness of the crook on only one side of the stem.
7. A hook strip for a hook and loop closure system containing a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base, each individual hook having the design of claim 6.
8. An improved plastic molded hook of generally palm tree shape for a hook and loop closure system comprising:
a crook comprising two lobes, each lobe having a crook base, a crook tip, a lateral thickness, and a vertical thickness; the crook projecting forward and rearward from the neck in a path generally parallel to the base; each lobe constructed in a continuously decreasing taper from the crook base to the crook tip; the stem having substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook: the stem constructed in a continuously decreasing width from its base to the neck; the neck having a width at least equal to two times the vertical thickness of a crook lobe at its thickest point whereby the hook can be easily withdrawn from its mold after the molding process.
9. A hook strip for a hook and loop closure system containing a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base, each individual hook having the design of claim 8.
10. An improved plastic molded hook of generally palm tree shape for a hook and loop closure system comprising:
a crook comprising two lobes, each lobe having a crook base, a crook tip, a lateral thickness, and a vertical thickness; the crook projecting forward and rearward from the neck in a path generally parallel to the base; each lobe constructed in a continuously decreasing taper from the crook base to the crook tip; the stem having substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook up the neck; the neck positioned above a point on the stem where stress concentration occurs when a lobe of the crook is opened by a loop during separation of a loop from a hook; the stem tapered in a continuously decreasing width from its base to the neck; the neck having a width at least equal to two times the vertical thickness of a crook lobe at its thickest point whereby the hook can be easily withdrawn from its mold after the molding process.
11. A hook strip for a hook and loop closure system containing a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base, each individual hook having the design of claim 10.
a crook comprising two lobes, each lobe having a crook base, a crook tip, a lateral thickness and a vertical thickness, the crook projecting forward and rearward from the neck in a path generally parallel to the base, each lobe constructed in a continuously decreasing taper from the crook base to the crook tip; the stem having substantially greater lateral thickness than the crook, up to the neck; the neck positioned above the point on the stem where stress concentration occurs when a lobe of the crook is opened by a loop during separation of a loop from a hook; the stem tapered in a continuously decreasing width from its base to the neck; the neck having a width at least equal to two times the vertical thickness of a crook lobe at its thickest point whereby the hook can be easily withdrawn from its mold after the molding process wherein the thickened stem has its thickness greater than the thickness of the crook on only one side of the stem.
13. A hook strip for a hook and loop closure system containing a multiplicity of hooks projecting from a common base, each individual hook having the design of claim 12.
14. The hook of claim 12 wherein the stem portion that has a greater lateral thickness than the crook portion, terminates in a smooth rounded curve from the sides of the stem to the midpoint of the neck.
US5662853A (en) * 1993-08-05 1997-09-02 Minnesota Mining Manufacturing Company Affixation member for decorating or protecting structures and methods of making same
G02B3/0056—Arrays characterized by the distribution or form of lenses arranged along two different directions in a plane, e.g. honeycomb arrangement of lenses
G02B3/0062—Stacked lens arrays, i.e. refractive surfaces arranged in at least two planes, without structurally separate optical elements in-between
G02B3/0068—Stacked lens arrays, i.e. refractive surfaces arranged in at least two planes, without structurally separate optical elements in-between arranged in a single integral body or plate, e.g. laminates or hybrid structures with other optical elements
G02B2207/00—Coding scheme for general features or characteristics of optical elements and systems of subclass G02B, but not including elements and systems which would be classified in G02B6/00 and subgroups
A technique for introducing variable phase delay across portions of a spatially coherent light beam, such as a laser, without changing the focal length of the portions of the beam. A fly's-eye lens array is utilized to distribute the light for a more uniform illumination, but different length air gaps are introduced in the lens elements to provide a variable delay of portions of the beam. In a second scheme, a set of prisms is positioned in the path of the laser beam, in which the shape of the prism introduces variable phase delay across the cross-section of the beam.
The present invention relates to the field of optical lithography and, more particularly, to a specialized lens arrangement for improving imaging performance of lithography tools.
The use of optical lithography to pattern devices that are fabricated on a semiconductor wafer (such as a silicon wafer) is well known and has been in practice for many years. Generally, a mask is used in which light absorbing elements present in the mask define a positive or a negative pattern. One common practice is to position light absorbing chrome on a transparent mask material, such as glass (or quartz). The light not absorbed by the chrome is projected through the mask and exposes a photosensitive material to form a latent image therein. Depending on the positive or negative nature of the photomask technique and the photosensitive layer (photoresist) employed, the exposed (or the un-exposed) area is removed. The removed photoresist exposes underlying areas which are then processed by various processes, including etching.
In a typical microlithography tool, a light source is used to illuminate the mask (reticle) so that a pattern present on the mask is projected onto the photoresist to form a latent image in the photoresist. It is preferred to have uniform illumination on the mask by the light source, so that light intensity across the reticle plane is also uniform in intensity. It is appreciated that non-uniform intensity at the reticle plane can result in non-uniform exposure dose of the photoresist. A significant variation in the exposure dose of the photoresist present on a wafer can result in non-uniform feature formation when the integrated circuit is fabricated. For example, non-uniform exposure dose on photoresist can result in sizeable variation in the linewidth of the pattern being imaged.
With ordinary light sources, the light emitted by the source is usually of low optical coherence so that a fairly uniform light intensity profile is achieved at the reticle plane by superposing multiple wavefronts. However, with coherent light sources, such as a laser, the light projection is confined to a collimated beam that is of relatively high coherence. Thus, light intensity across the reticle field is not necessarily uniform as a result of the coherence properties of laser light. In order to obtain a more uniform intensity profile at the reticle plane, some projection systems use a light dispersion mechanism to disperse spatially the light beam from a coherent light source. One such mechanism is a lens arrangement known as a fly's eye array (or fly-eye). A fly's-eye illumination system utilizes a number of lenses arranged as a two dimensional array to disperse the beam into a number of "beamlets" for projection of light onto a target plane. The structure and use of fly-eye lens arrangements are known in the art. See for example "Illumination System of an Excimer Laser Stepper" by Yutaka Ichihara et al., SPIE Vol. 1138 (1989) at p.137.
Although uniform illumination of laser beams can be sought with the use of fly's-eye lens arrangement, a negative effect is noted with the use of coherent light sources. This effect is the spatial coherence associated with narrow band light sources, such as lasers, and the manifestation that is known as speckle. The high degree of spatial coherence of line narrow lasers produces an unwanted interference pattern (speckle) superimposed over ideally uniform light intensity illumination at the reticle plane. The interference effect of spatially coherent light beams producing speckle is known in the art. See for example, "The Coherence Factors of Excimer Laser Radiation in Projection Lithography" by K. A. Valiev et al., J. Vac. Sci. Technology, B7 (60), Dec/Nov 1989 at p.1616.
The present invention describes a scheme in which a fly-eye lens arrangement is used for obtaining uniform light intensity illumination of a narrow band coherent light source, but in which speckle is reduced or removed.
The present invention describes a technique to improve imaging performance in a microlithography tool by introducing variable phase delay across a spatially coherent light beam, such as a laser. A fly's-eye lens array is utilized to distribute the light for a more uniform illumination at a reticle to project a mask pattern onto a semiconductor wafer. However, when narrow band lasers are employed, the high degree of spatial coherence causes interference effects manifesting as speckle. In order to reduce or remove the speckle, the present invention introduces variable delays across portions of the beam, but without changing the focal length.
In the first embodiment, an array of specialized fly-eye lenses are configured with air gaps present in some of the lens elements. The air gaps change the medium in which a particular beamlet transitions, thereby changing the phase of the beam. The combination of different air gap distances in various lens elements provide for a variable staggered delay of the beamlets travelling through the lens. The introduction of the staggered delay across the cross-section of the beam reduces spatial coherence of the beam reaching the reticle plane.
In the second embodiment, a set of glass prisms is positioned in the path of the laser beam. The shape of the prism causes portions of the beam to transition across a different medium, where this transition path length varies across the cross-section of the beam, which introduces a continuous variable phase delay to further offset the spatial coherence of the beam reaching the reticle plane.
FIG. 1 is a pictorial view of an image pattern in which interference from spatial coherence of a light beam results in speckle.
FIG. 2 is a cross-sectional view of a prior art technique in which plane-parallel plates are used to reduce the coherence between adjacent beamlets.
FIG. 3 is a cross-sectional view of a fly-eye lens arrangement of the preferred embodiment in which air gaps are present in the lens to introduce variable delay across the beam to reduce or remove speckle.
FIG. 4 is an alternative embodiment in which prisms are placed in the optical path to introduce variable phase delay to reduce or remove speckle.
A technique for providing a specialized lens arrangement to improve imaging performance in a microlithography tool is described. In the following description, numerous specific details are set forth, such as specific lasers, structures, tools, processes, etc., in order to provide a thorough understanding of the present invention. However, it will be appreciated by one skilled in the art that the present invention may be practiced without these specific details. In other instances, well known techniques and structures have not been described in detail in order not to obscure the present invention.
As noted in the Background section above, microlithography tools having a coherent light source impose some means to distribute the light illumination over a target, in order to improve the uniformity of the illumination. Thus, in reference to lithography tools for use in integrated circuit manufacturing, one location where uniformity of light illumination is desired is at the reticle plane. That is, uniform light illumination is desired at the mask to project the mask pattern with little light distortion as possible. However, when a narrow band (line-narrow) coherent light source (such as a laser) is used, the high degree of spatial coherence leads to constructive and destructive interferences, which effects can be noted at the reticle plane.
For example, FIG. 1 shows the results of a one-dimensional mutual coherence function of a partially coherent fly's eye (fly-eye) lens arrangement comprised of a number of fly-eye lenses. Light interference patterns are noted along a forty-five degree axis. The pattern is the result of an undesirable interference effect in the reticle plane, which result is shown as alternating dark and light pattern 10 in FIG. 1. The presence of unwanted modulation in the light intensity illumination over the reticle area can lead to loss of resolution and deterioration of dimensional control of the various features being patterned. As noted, one such deterioration can result in not achieving uniform linewidth across the imaging plane.
The manifestation caused by the interference is referred to as speckle. In some instances, speckle is desirable, or at least utilized for beneficial purposes. See for example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,426,498, in which speckle amplitude interferometry is used in metrology. However, in the present instance, speckle is a non-desirable characteristic. It is appreciated that methods do exist to reduce the unwanted impact of high degree of spatial coherence. One technique relies on speckle averaging, which is achieved through movement of interference fringes during image formation. For example, a mirror is made to oscillate in order to project a pulsing laser beam onto the mask. However, this technique requires a sizeable number of pulses to form an image and the speckle averaging is difficult to achieve. See for example, "Illumination System of an Excimer Laser Stepper" by Yutaka Ichihara et al., SPIE Vol. 1138 (1989) at p.137.
Another technique, which is shown in FIG. 2, relies on splitting a large laser beam into several smaller area beam channels that are passed through different optical paths formed by plane-parallel plates 11a-d, having various thickness to break the coherence between adjacent beamlets. The plates are each of different thickness to introduce delays. A problem with this approach is the requirement of having optical elements of varying length and then having to recombine the individual beams after they exit each separate delay line. When narrow band lasers are employed as a light source, the long coherence path will necessitate the construction of rather lengthy delay elements or delay lines. Typically, these delay elements are constructed from glass or mirrors. With narrow band lasers (in the range of 0.01 Angstroms) these delay elements or paths can be about 10 centimeters or larger.
FIG. 3 shows a fly's eye lens arrangement (fly-eye array) 12 of the present invention in which compensation for the speckle is built into the lens themselves. Only three lens elements (lenses) 13 are shown as an example. The actual number will vary depending on the optical system employed. A narrow band light beam 14, such as a beam from a narrow band laser (a coherent light source), is projected onto one side of the fly-eye array 12 so that beamlets 15 exit from the other end of the lenses 13 of array 12. However, unlike the prior art fly-eye arrays, the array 12 of the present invention implements optical delays within the array 12 itself.
As noted in the drawing, air gaps 16 are designed and built into the lens elements themselves. In the three-lens array shown in FIG. 2, there is no air gap built into the top lens element. The middle lens element has a slight air gap while the bottom lens element has a much larger air gap built into it. The presence of the air gap 16 introduces a medium which is different than the lens medium 17. Thus, the transition time for light to traverse the full length of each lens element 13 will be determined by the length of the air gap 16 present in that lens element. Accordingly, the different length air gaps provide a variable amount of optical delay to be introduced in the array 12. Alternatively stated, the different lens elements 13 have the same focal length, but the length of the lens medium 17 varies among the different lenses. Typically, the lens elements 13 are fabricated from glass and the variable phase difference is introduced by the variation in the size of the air gaps 16. The array 12 provides a staggered temporal delay to remove or reduce the spatial coherence between the adjacent lens elements 13 of the array 12.
It is appreciated that all three of the lenses 13 have the same focal length, so that differences in the transition time of the beam through each lens is determined by the various lengths of the air gaps 16. The actual amount of the delay is determined by the properties of the two media selected (in this case air for gap 16 and glass for the lens medium 17) and the amount of variation of one medium in the other (in this case, length of air gap in the glass medium). It is desirable to maintain the same focal length for all lens elements, so that the focus is at a reticle plane 20, after the beams pass through a condenser lens 21. It is appreciated that the number of lenses 13 in an array is a design choice. Additionally, the array is usually arranged as a two-dimensional array having distribution of lenses in both X and Y directions along the cross-sectional plane of the beam.
It is appreciated that the particular optical path lengths of the array 12 are defined by spatial coherence properties of given lasers and given illumination systems. Spacing between the elements of the staggered fly-eye array 12 and the difference in the optical path length introduced by each lens element 13 must be chosen to be sufficient for the destruction (or reduction) of the laser beam spatial coherence over the area confined by the radii equal to the value of the transverse spatial coherence of the given line-narrowed laser. That is, the optical delays introduced by the elements 13 disrupt the spatial coherence of the beam which causes speckle.
Referring to FIG. 4, an alternative embodiment of the present invention is shown. Instead of utilizing a fly-eye array having the variable optical delays, a set of prisms 25 are used prior to a standard fly-eye array 18. Two prisms 25 are shown in the example illustration, but the actual number of such prisms need not be limited to two. The prisms 25 are placed in the path of the laser beam 14 so that a continuous variable delay is introduced across the width of the beam. As the beam 14 travels through the prism, variable delays are introduced since the path length through the prism varies across the beam. Thus, light traversing to the target transitions through a second medium (in this case glass prisms) in which the path length through this second medium is made continuously variable, in order to compensate for the spatial coherence of the laser. It is appreciated that this alternative technique need not rely on the use of prisms. Other means can be used as well, as long as phase delay is introduced between different portions of the beam so that spatial coherence is reduced to prevent or reduce interference at the target which produces speckle.
Two techniques were described above, one providing staggered (or step) variations in delay (air gaps in the fly-eye lens element approach) and the other providing continuous variations in delay (prism approach). In either instance, the presence of a second medium introduces variable length of transition for different parts of the light beam, therein introducing variable phase delays for portions of the beam to reduce the spatial coherence of narrow band coherent light sources. The delay elements are combined with a fly-eye lens arrangement, wherein the combination of the fly-eye array and the imposition of the variable delay provide for improved illumination uniformity at the target with reduced or no speckle.
It is appreciated that the preferred application of the present invention is to utilize it in a microlithography tool to image patterns on a semiconductor wafer for the fabrication of integrated circuit devices. However, the present invention need not be limited to such applications only. It can be readily adapted for other applications as well where speckle reduction is sought.
Thus, a technique for providing a specialized lens arrangement for improved imaging to achieve better illumination uniformity is described.
1. An apparatus for providing improved illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle comprising:
a set of fly's eye lens elements arranged to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto a target, having the same focal length for imaging onto the target and, said lens elements having a plurality of lens media and a second medium disposed within at least one of said lens media, each said lens medium having a first light transition time, said second medium having a second light transition time different than said first light transition time.
2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said lens elements are comprised of glass and the second medium is comprised of air.
4. In a microlithography tool which is used to pattern images onto a semiconductor wafer, an apparatus for providing improved illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle comprising:
a coherent laser light source for generating a coherent beam of light to provide the transmitted light; and
a set of fly's eye lens elements arranged to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto the wafer, and having the same focal length for imaging onto the wafer, said lens elements having a plurality of lens media and a second medium disposed within at least one of said lens media, each said lens medium having a first light transition time, said second medium having a second light transition time different than said first light transition time.
5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein said lens elements are comprised of glass and the second medium is comprised of air.
8. An apparatus for providing improved illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle comprising:
a set of fly's eye lens elements arranged to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto a target, said lens elements having the same focal length for imaging onto a target; and
a delay element disposed between said light source and lens elements to introduce a continuously variable delay within a single optical path, said continuously variable delay applied across the field of the transmitted light to reduce the spatial coherence of the transmitted light.
11. In a microlithography tool which is used to pattern images onto a semiconductor wafer, an apparatus for providing improved illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle comprising:
a set of fly's eye lens elements arranged to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto the wafer, said lens elements having the same focal length for imaging onto the wafer; and
a delay element disposed between said light source and lens elements to introduce a continuously variable delay within a single optical path said continuously variable delay applied across the field of the transmitted light to reduce the spatial coherence of the transmitted light.
13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said delay element is comprised of a plurality of prisms arranged serially.
14. A method of improving illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle, comprising the steps of:
arranging a set of fly's eye lens elements to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto a target, and having the same focal length for imaging onto the target, said lens elements having a plurality of lens media and a second medium disposed within at least one of said lens media, each said lens medium having a first light transition time, said second medium having a second light transition time different than said first light transition time.
15. The method of claim 14 wherein said step of arranging the lens elements includes the step of providing lens elements that are comprised of glass and the second medium is comprised of air.
16. The method of claim 14 further including the step of imaging a pattern onto a semiconductor wafer in which the imaging is improved by the reduction of speckle.
17. A method of improving illumination uniformity by reducing spatial coherence of transmitted light to remove speckle, comprising the steps of:
arranging a set of fly's eye lens elements to receive the transmitted light and disperse the transmitted light into a number of beamlets for projection onto a target, the lens elements having the same focal length for imaging onto a target; and
inserting a delay element across the field of the transmitted light prior to the lens elements to introduce a continuously variable delay within a single optical path to reduce the spatial coherence of the transmitted light.
18. The method of claim 17 wherein said step of inserting the delay element includes the step of providing at least one prism.
19. The method of claim 18 further including the step of imaging a pattern onto a semiconductor wafer in which the imaging is improved by the reduction of speckle.

Bio Base Europe Pilot Plant is recruiting a QA Assistant (temporary) - Belgium BioBase Europe Pilot Plant
Bio Base Europe Pilot Plant is recruiting a Business Development Manager - Belgium BioBase Europe Pilot Plant
Architecture, Plan De Maison En 3d was posted January 10, 2017 at 8:43 pm by Idées Décoration Intérieure . More over Plan De Maison En 3d has viewed by 2343 visitor.
The Gopher men&apos;s basketball team won their eighth straight Big Ten game Thursday night, beating Nebraska 88-73.
It&apos;s the first time since the Gophers Final Four run in 1997 that Minnesota has won eight straight conference games.
Nate Mason and Jordan Murphy were too much for the Huskers to handle. Mason scored a game-high 25 points, while Murphy finished with another double-double, 20 points and 11 rebounds.
Jordan Murphy always puts a little extra juice behind his jams. ????@GopherMBB is looking good so far: https://t.co/bfSeGj8rA0
Happy Monday, we&apos;ve got just the thing to help start your work week off on the right foot: more highway construction to consider.
Road resurfacing along Highway 100, from its intersection with Interstate 494 in Bloomington north just past Highway 62, starts Monday.
Traffic in both directions – from south of West 70th Street to north of Highway 62 – will be down to two lanes.
In addition, the northbound Highway 100 ramp to West 77th Street and the West 77th Street ramp to Highway 100, will be closed through July 25.
Both eastbound West 66th Street over Highway 100 and West 70th Street at Highway 100 will close at some point between Monday, July 20 and late August for five to 10 days.
It&apos;s actually step one of a yearlong project – in 2016, there will be similar closures from Benton Avenue up through Excelsior Boulevard. Click here and see the map below for more info.
That&apos;s right about where the Interstate 394 construction that gave drivers headaches (and earned MnDOT some complaints) last week ends. The westbound lane of Interstate 394 between Interstate 94 and Highway 100 are closed to resurface the roadway.
MnDOT has also been tweeting reminders to zipper merge – which means filling both lanes of traffic, even if one will close soon, then merging into the single lane at that point.
That also means drivers in the lane that won&apos;t close need to be courteous and let cars in the adjacent lane come in.
In Detroit Lakes, officials are warning drivers heading to WE Fest in a few weeks to think about traffic, The Forum reports.
Still, officials told the paper they&apos;re "over the hump" – the worst of the work is over in that area.
I remember when I had a hero. It was 1993 and I had just seen REM for the first time and… never mind this doesn't really pertain to that at all… Anyway, enough about my weird life, your baby needs this Batman One-Piece BodySuit because just like you, your baby is the biggest fan that Batman has! We all love Batman; he is an awesome hero who uses his money, smarts and recourses to fight crime rather than actual super powers! That is something to be admired! This Batman One-Piece BodySuit is perfect for your little baby to show off its fandom!
We all want more out of our baby clothes right? I don't know about you but, I am a total nerd and I am tired of making my soon to be nerd child wear boring farm animal crap! This Batman One-Piece BodySuit is perfect for everyone who loves superheroes and DC Comic's Batman, the Caped Crusader if you will! Believe me your baby will thank you for it... kind of!
Society is constantly dividing the masses with labels. Democrats, Republicans… Black, White… Gay, Straight… It is always us versus them! Yet we believe that there is truly only one division that pertains to the population as a whole. There are really only two types of people in the world: bacon lovers and liars. Can you imagine if this gift from the hog was all the rage in the 70s? Music history could have been altered. Sorry Elton John; we updated your iconic lyrics, depicted on this bacon Infant Toddler T-Shirt: “Don’t Go Bacon My Heart!” I couldn’t if I fried!
We have many baby clothes aimed to wittily cloth the children of this pop culture savvy society. Trends come and go, but our designs will always be in fashion! With this humorous bacon baby t-shirt, show off your pride in joy while also celebrating your love for all things bacon: “Don’t Go Bacon My Heart!” Your child will always be the bacon to your eggs. You were made for each other!
Princes Wharf was created in circa 1870 by covering over shipyards including Wapping Dockyard which had been built in 1742.
Our blog is now live, we hope to use this to connect with all our friends out there in a more meaningful way. Les and I will be posting tips and tricks, special features, and all round cool and fun stuff. We’ve been doing ‘print’ for over 60 years now so there are a lot of neat things we’ve picked up over the years that we’d love to share.
The second question isn’t as simple because doing so seems. As the deaths with regards to a few people can occur with tragic ease at the same time the deaths of thousands is a factor happens with regularity, the death of everyone, everywhere is a near inability. Even a full-on nuclear exchange (which becomes less-likely with each passing year) wouldn’t get everyone. There are people in every one corners of this planet the bootcamp is quite questionable as to whether rays would be uniformly fatal to virtually all.
After playing all for the wonderful church bazaars, come downtown in Arthur to receive the Holiday Open House festivities on November 18th. There will be plenty of joyful music, and sales, and a visit from jolly old St. Reality tv! With all of the beautiful products and reasonable prices, you are sure to find something for everybody in family members this Christmas season.
LD: Since the southern Gulf states are really prone to tropical storms, are there any plans in place for widespread weather radios or scanners turn out to be placed frightened homes in those arenas?
38 Peter replied, “Repent and be baptized, all of you, your past name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins. And you will receive the gift in the Holy Technique.
If you live in Henderson, NV, can be just away from Las Vegas, you can attend a PRISM fat support group at 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays at Central Maury Davis. The Central christian church is placed at 1001 New Beginnings Drive, Henderson. Call (702) 735-4004 for information with the event.
Another great summer option for kids is really a the Winston Salem Children’s Museum, this helps multiple camps and programs for age 3 through 4th graders. These camps run all summer and still provide children creative time while still discovering. For details and prices, follow through.
November 10-11th, join previously “Spirit of Christmas” in the United Methodist Church bazaar. The church is located at 128 East Illinois street. Friday evening hours will be from 5pm-7pm. Saturday hours are 8:30am to 2pm. You’ll find plenty of unique and creative handmade crafts that been recently designed in the neighborhood. Also available will be a country store, Candy Lane, which includes a fun cookie walk. In win, you can preserve those cookies as a yummy snack for yourself, give your crooks to someone special, or leave them as the treat for Santa Claus!
Little could prepare us for the destruction constantly diversify your marketing observe. Some areas also received extreme damage using the hurricane, but also suffered some bizarre damage from tornadoes, spawned together with tropical tempest.

Bullet Engineer's Pack The Bullet Engineer's Pack has been completely re-written and updated for Windows. It consists of the DC-1001 Tangential Ogive Calculator, DC-1003 Paper Patch Bullet Design Calculator, DC-1004 Terminal Ballistics Plotter (T-Plot), DC-TWIST Twist Rate Calculator, and HB-9-E handbook. (The original MS-DOS version of the programs are also included, along with PDF files for Corbin products, MSDS sheets, and a copy of the Corbin website for off-line viewing).
Tangential Ogive Calculator This program calculates the Ballistic Coefficient, Ingall's number, ogive length, shank length, and a number of other physical parameters including length of base, core and shank. You can "fire" your bullet and see dynamic parameters such as the muzzle energy, energy density, conversions of velocity from fps to miles/hour, and other interesting data.
Use the program to "weed out" bullet designs which would have poor stability, inadequate shank length for alignment, or other impractical physical parameters. It eliminates the need to build those bullets to find out they won't work. Design comments are presented when you click "Assist", pointing out problems with the current design (if there are any problems). Click for details
e-Book The Corbin Handbook No.9 is provided in Adobe Acrobat PDF and HTML formats on a CD-ROM with self-starting Menu, plus the Adobe Acrobat reader software. You can view, enlarge and reduce, skip to any page, and print any or all pages with the reader. In standard HTML format you can read it with your web browser without having to be on the internet. This is the text of the book. Illustrations are provided in a separate PDF file on the CD-ROM. You may prefer to order this updated version for more current information, and the printed No.8 edition for historical reference.
Design Calculators The paper patch calculator helps you determine the correct bullet diameter, paper thickness, or bore diameter for a given bullet. It provides proper bullet diameters for muzzle loader or breech loader use, patch length and width, two-part bullet design parameters, and also calculates the proper weight for a given rifling twist. The program is actually four calculators in one program, with a simple, menu-driven interface. The CD-ROM contains a self-loading menu to let you run the program on the CD-ROM itself or to install it on your hard drive.
Air Resistance Plotter And Terminal Energy Calculator This program asks you for the shape, caliber, and weight of a given bullet, then "fires" it at the muzzle velocity you specify. It tracks the air resistance and changing BC, retardation, forward velocity, and energy remaining as the bullet flys, drawing a graph that represents the bullet's vertical flight. You can select any point in the flight to view the energy, velocity, BC, retardation, and other parameters.
The program then "drops" the bullet from its maximum height, and shows the terminal velocity and energy, commenting on bullets which meet the military lethality rate of 50% for helmet penetration (unsafe for fire over friendly forces). The graph dynamically reconfigures for the time of flight and allows you to set the y-axis for maximum velocity, and to set the sampling rate from 1 to 100 milliseconds for recalculating the drag and BC.
Jacket Design Software Calculates the proper jacket dimensions, raw material lengths, diameters and thicknesses, costs per bullet, per foot or pound of material, and prints production diagrams that outline the proper draws, sizes and lengths for making any bullet's jacket. The jackets are designed by inputting a bullet's parameters, including boattailed, flat base, round or spitzer shapes, weights, and caliber.
The calculations involved in determining the width, thickness and draws for a jacket to make a given bullet are so involved that it is quite useful to have a calculus program of this type to do the actual work. Both tubing and strip jacket making is covered. The program includes a "fudge factor" adjustment so that it can be "tweaked" to meet unknown variables in the drawing process, and thus predict more accurately the next jacket material and drawing requirements. Useful also for pre-production planning of costs.
The die pressure calculator is useful to avoid breaking dies, but also helps in designing hydraulic presses and comparing their effects. Provides the ability to view or print results for reference later. Hydraulic systems comparator lets you design with various sizes of cylinders, gives press tonnage, ram thrust, compares to another system using a different cylinder, translates PSI into Kg/Sq-Cm, and more...
Available on a single CD-ROM with auto-start, menu driven installation, or can be run immediately from the CD-ROM disk without installation! Built-in help files can be viewed or printed separately (standard text format).
Calculations This Windows CD-ROM version expands the original to include core length for a given size and weight, powder metal mixtures and compressed effective density for powders, up to three mixtures of materials combined with net effective density (which can then be used in the core length/weight calculation), and extruder cylinder, billet, ram thrust, hydraulic pressure, and press tonnage requirements calculated for extruding lead wire of various hardness levels.
Lengths and volumes of lead wire can be calculated given the weight or the billet diameter and length, and the proper drive pressure can be calculated to design a hydraulic extruder. If you work with powder metals or alloy mixtures, the core calculator page can quickly give you the length for a given weight of any material in the proper core diameter.
The CD-ROM also includes Acrobat Reader software and documents in PDF format, including a chart of lead wire diameters and weights, and the proper length to cut a core for each weight.
CD-ROM Get this entire web-site, plus 50 PDF documents and the text of the Corbin Handbook No.8, complete with megabytes of photos, charts, and graphic illustrations by Dave Corbin, for just $6 and shipping. Browse the information without being connected to the net, or wasting hours in download time. Includes listings of custom bullet makers, a slide-show feature of all graphics, and more. Use your web browser to view...just click your "Windows Explorer" or "My Computer" icon, find your CD-ROM icon, and click it. Then click "INDEX.HTM" to enter the website and access all its pages. Everything located on the Corbin main server including books, instructions, training, photos, price list, and more, is available any time, any place you have a computer with a CD-ROM drive. The CD-ROM is self-starting, with menu, for Windows systems set up to read auto-start files.
Calculator DC-SALES helps the custom bullet maker quickly, accurately, and profitably price products. The program can calculate jacket and core cost from the per-pound price for material and translate it into the cost per unit for a given grain weight, add the cost of packaging and labels, cost of special features such as tips and inserts, the labor for making bullets figured by averaging the number of bullets you can make an hour, and the labor for packaging time. Sub-totals show you the total cost for the components and the bullet material cost, as well as the total cost per box, and suggested dealer and distributor pricing, as well as the retail price that gives you a specific markup and allows for defined discount structure for distribution. For the price, no bullet maker should be without this software, if only to serve as a reality check and make sure nothing is missed.
Income Turning Ideas Into Income is a guide to the person who wants to turn an idea for a bullet design into income, or for the investor who wants to profit from such an idea. It helps with suggestions for the inventor who has tried to sell the idea to existing companies, discusses alternative ways to get the idea into production, how to recognize and avoid potentially destructive partnerships, how to produce effective low cost promotion and much more. The chapter on the art of press releases will provide enough useful suggestions to pay for the e-book. Available ONLY as an e-book, the CD-ROM contains the free Acrobat Reader with automatic install from the menu, plus automatic startup and menu-driven display. Cat.No. CD-TIII.
Swaging Power Swaging on CD-ROM is provided with two formats, HTML and PDF. The CD-ROM is auto-starting, and brings up a menu for using the Acrobat Reader software provided, or the slide show software, to view close-up color images of the various power and hand presses including interior views. The book covers pneumatic, mechanical electric and rotary inertial (flywheel) presses, concentrating on hydraulic design. Formulae, charts and tables are provided for breaking strength of dies, press design, and lead wire extrusion. Chapters cover extrusion, swaging, and jacket drawing, as well as business aspects of production volume and rate, return on investment and the differences between mass production on automatic presses and custom work on hand-fed presses. Cat.No. TB-4-E.
Calculator DC-TWIST is an easy-to-use twist rate calculator that goes beyond the old Greenhill formula, with applications for both conventional and lead-free bullets. It also provides the RPM and rotations from chamber to impact. A self-starting menu provides choices of running the program on the CD-ROM, installing it to hard drive, or viewing the instructions. Prints a report that can be included with custom bullets, to enhance the value to clients of custom bullet makers. Cat.No. DC-TWIST.
You might remember Xiaoyun as the 13 year old on my advocacy blog who was aging out and aging out FAST!
Cindy and her family heard the Lord's plea for this child and brought her home - just in the nic of time - days before she aged out forever and lost her chance for a family, for life!
Please go here to watch this very special child give her testimony and find out why we do what we do, why we feel the calling so strongly, why we adopt when the rest of the world thinks we are crazy!
annie, thank you again for your love for orphans. I remember this young lady as she waited. What a difference in her life now with her family who followed God's will in their life and this child. Thank you Lord for them.
I just watched it from another site's link! I followed this blog when she came home! What a beautiful testimony!
I'm not the same anonymous as above, but that is awesome that the little girl is safe and sound! What you are doing for orphans is great!
I just popped over and watched Xiaoyun's sweet testimony. Truly amazing to watch God's love working in hearts for these precious kids!! Thank you for sharing!
One Bedroom apartment in Cornelia Boutique Hotel & SPA consists of 2 rooms – comfortable and spacious living room (there is fully equipped kitchenette, dining table with 4 chairs and sofa bed) and additional bedroom (2 single beds or double bedroom equipped with 32”TV), as well as bathroom with shower cabin or bathtub and a balcony with a nice view to the Mountain.
Maximal accommodation for 4 people (2 adults plus 2 child). The sizes of our one-bedroom apartments are between 56sq.m. to 66sq.m.
Тwo bedrooms apartments are stylish furnished and equipped with а unique terrace overlooking Pirin mountain and the golf course.

I recently found this the Eventail widget for iOS. The 7 days calendar view on iPad with dark mode (need the upgrade for 1.99 for the Pro features but well worth it) is superb and very useful, beyond was is available stock on iOS at least.
Except for a few months of BitNet e-mail on a VAX mainframe server, I have been using the default UNIX mail app for almost 25 years now. Started with a SUN workstation, moved from SunOS to Solaris, Linux RedHat distribution (and a few others) and ended up on OSX. The nice thing about this is that all my e-mail archives transferred easily from one UNIX flavour to the other!
When Apple decided to rewrite the iWorks’ suite over 18 months ago, many were disappointed by missing features. Zoom to Yosemite and iOS8 versions, and I must say that not only do Keynote, Numbers and Pages are now greats apps, but there actually work extremely well both on the desktop and on the iPad (I do not really use these apps on the iPhone).
There was a very nice article recently following the first year after the revelations of Edward Snowden on how it become really easy even for regular citizens to “track” someone online. While all of this NSA business is often link to a debate of freedom vs. security, the biggest concerns should maybe not be NSA but the new Kings and Monarchies of our time aka (some) mega corporations.
We have hear and seen repeated for a long time the quote of Benjamin Franklin on freedom vs. security. However a more pervasive attitude is at play, and I must say that I am playing it like many others to some extent: giving away (some of) my privacy for convenience. One can ask how far would it go?
Things were looking to go better when Apple announce iOS8 and OSX 10 in which extra layer of security was added, going all the way to even hide your critical data from Apple itself (so employees or external agencies could not get their hands on it!). Apple will also add MAC address randomization so you cannot be tracked without your consent as you get into various Wi-Fi zones.
Since then three announcements, each at 180 degrees from Apple, appears to decrease privacy significantly for, in principal, added convenience:
Google I/O 2014: Google Fit, Car, TV (sounds like a rehashed of last few Apple announcements…). But the interesting part was certainly that of Android Chief Sundar Pichai which resumes it all: “We’re making everything contextually aware. We want to know when you’re at home, with your kids.”.
Amazon Fire: each time you hit the home button, the microphone and camera are activated and take “snippets” to offer better “contextual” products.
Each of the above announcements means that these companies will collect more information on you and in the end will know more about your general and detail behavior that even you can recalled from memory. The quote from Google Android Chief is quite explicit about this; they want to know where you are and what you do in real-time, all the time…
It turns out that the Android is becoming the biggest Trojan Horse virus of all time. First it is “free”, second it is adopted willingly and third Google is at the receiving end of all that information. It is the free part that is the central issue. The truth is than Android is not free. it pays itself by collecting your personal information…and that information by itself and aggregated by categories is extremely valuable to Google and to any one it see fits to share it with or sell to. Google business model is to sell advertising i.e. to sell the best “picture” you at any given point in time to others.
In fact, one might contend that receiving these so-called “free” software and hardware is probably not a strong enough retribution for the worth of your personal information: you are really worth more then you think and are probably being exploited without realizing it.
The scary part is to understand how wide is the gap between total lost of privacy and that of freedom? The next few years will be interesting.
I will post more once I get to try them but version 3 for both Mac OS and iOS of Papers are available for download. There are paying upgrades.
I receive around 500 e-mails per week to my work e-mail account. About 40% of these e-mails are not “important” in the sense that they do not need any response or action from me. They are rather bulk emailing (yes even from my workplace!), news-related emails and so on. For the past 6 months, almost 10% of my e-mail comes from China and other places to “invite” me to participate to so-called scientific meetings in fields of research that are not even close to what I am doing. Finally of the remaining 60%, only a fraction needs a fast turn around. The VIP option of OS X Mail is certainly a step in the right direction but not full proof.
If you have been following my blog and read the Digital Office section, you know that I keep all of my on-going projects’ e-mails on the corporate (university) server and I link key folders and e-mails to my digital file management system (DevonThink Pro Office) and task manager (Things). I do follow GTD processes when handling my Inbox.
The problem with the low priority, bulk and junk emails is that corporate servers and Apple Mail screening cannot filter all of them properly. Sure you could create rules but you would have to create tens of such rules every week. This takes times and you have to manage those rules afterward. It is not very effective.
Last July, I discovered SaneBox. I started with the two weeks free trial and decided to stick with it since then. One of the thing I really like of DevonThink is the artificial intelligence (AI) used for automatic classification of files. It would be really nice if the guys at DevonTechnologies did a Mail plug-in to do the same with the tons of e-mails I have (no I do not want to throw my e-mails in DevonThink) but they are not. Welcome to SaneBox! SaneBox adds a layer of intelligent filtering (hope it is not NSA driven!) to your e-mails. It creates extra mailboxes. In my case, the figure below shows four of them: @SaneLater, @SaneBlackHole, @SaneNews and @SaneBulk. The others are mine and I use them for classification once dealt with in the Inbox.
SaneBox redirection of e-mails from your Inbox to its associated folders is not only based on senders and subjects only but also on contents. So for example, once I have trained for a few these “strange” conference invitation e-mails to go to the Black Hole folder (self explanatory 😉 ), most of the new ones, even if the subjects or sender e-mail’s addresses are difference, end up there! You do have the chance to intervene and correct a mistake if needed. In fact you control how much feedback you received from SaneBox and the setting are quite simple. The two figures below shows my current settings and an example of e-mails moved automatically to the @SaneBlackHole box. The pop-up menu let’s you “trained” SaneBox behavior to your taste.
The @SaneNews and @SaneBulk folders are quite self-explanatory. Anything related to bulk e-mailing from work, associations, LinkedIn (and similar), software update alert all end-up in these folders, which you can read – and delete – when you want!
The @SaneLater is probably the most interesting. It is meant for all other e-mails that do not fits the other categories, that are kind of important but do not need your attention in the short term. For example, I received frequent request for graduate studies (a few per day). Since the senders are not usually part of my address book, these e-mails ends-up in the @SaneLater. Like the other folders, you can train them by simply dragging a message from one folder to the other. If you drag a message from the @SaneLater to your Inbox, SaneBox will understand that you want this person’s e-mail to be in your Inbox in the future and vice-versa.
There are a few more folders you can have access to as shown below. I have not used any of them until now.
As for the price, on the SaneBox web page, you find three different packages based on the cost of a snack, lunch or dinner. I think my best package would be Lunch with 3 mailboxes. You will also note that you can automatically strip attachment to a dedicated folder on DropBox for example (Attachments option). I do not use this, since all files are transferred to DevonThink for me but this option might be interesting for some peoples.
In conclusion, SaneBox training is easy (dragging e-mails from one folder to another). I found SaneBox classification of e-mails quite efficient, you do not have to think about it after a week or two of training and it performs its work quietly in the background. Note that the extra mailboxes are created on the Server. So it is transparent with iOS Mail application. If you are interested in SaneBox, follow this link (and we both get a rebate!): https://www.sanebox.com/signup/fa39aa9fec

NEW Get the full report on 100% of Tweets containing #じじい違い with sentiment data and more. Get report
I have penned a set of nonpartisan observations prior to each Presidential re-election. In 2004, I wrote The Tragedy of the Bush Administration, and in 2012, The Tragedy of the Obama Administration.
Mid-terms don’t usually warrant such a review, but I have been rolling over a fascinating idea in my mind about President Trump: He has revealed (or reminded) many great truths to us about human nature, history, media, tactics, manipulation, institutions, and the nation. By this, I don’t mean to imply he himself has spoken great truths; rather, that we can learn a great deal about many things simply from watching his effects on the world.[i]
China: Your respect for the giant country of nearly 1.4 billion people should grow daily. While we are distracted by day-to-day nonsense, Chinese leaders think in terms of decades. They are playing a long, long game. Politicians there are smarter than here; just look at their surgical response to Trump’s tariffs. I wish we could adopt the best of their ideas – infrastructure and industrial policy – while still keeping our system of free market capitalism and personal liberty.
Trump has revealed how much better China is at this game than we are; they are the most likely country to succeed U.S. as the next great power in the world.
America is More Sexist than I would Have Guessed: Go figure, a guy didn’t realize how sexist America was. But take two universally disliked candidates, one an unlikeable but highly qualified woman, the other an unqualified but media savvy man. I should have seen this coming, but I guess it was my own sexism that I missed it. If Hillary was a dude, he would have won, maybe even in a landslide. Totally missed that courtesy of my own Y Chromosome. Thanks for the reveal, Donald.
Social Media: is toxic. Facebook is a clusterfuck of confirmation bias and stupidity; Twitter is too incompetent to police its own ranks – my best guess is somewhere between 25% and 50% of all accounts are bots, trolls, frauds and Russian scammers; Even YouTube is a mess of racism, sexism, and violence. The internet works well to bring together those former loners, giving them comfort to learn there are others who think like them.
From 2015 to the events since, you can thank Trump for revealing just how broken and fucked up social media has become.
America is Racist: As a white dude, I knew America was a little racist here and there. An undercurrent of racism coursed through the criticism President Obama faced; I assumed there was more racism but nothing grotesque.
Trump’s long history of racism and of not being politically correct helped to reveal just how wrong I was – Racism is not even well-hidden or contained – it is prevalent in America. Again, my naïveté assumed it was only insane people shooting up black churches in the deep south.
Instead, we learned – thanks to Trump – that White Supremicists /Nationalism is a real thing across America, and full equality is still years or decades away for people of color.
Deficit (Chicken) Hawks: Do not care about fiscal responsibility or “the debt we are foisting on our grandchildren,” or even effective economic policy. So-called “Deficit Hawks” care about only one thing: using debt as a cudgel to hurt their political opponents and help themselves. The US could have used a giant stimulus in 2009, but that might have helped their political opponent. Mitch McConnell killed any thought of a multitrillion-dollar stimulus. The Fauxhawks all screamed deficits, despite this being the depths of the Great Recession, when the spend would have done the most good.
Instead, McConnell & Crew waited for 2017 to implement a trillion-dollar deficit funded tax cut. If you think “Party First, Nation Second” sounds like misplaced priorities, well you are right. Its border-line treason. Trump revealed the deficit hawks as full of chickenshit.[ii] And that Paul Ryan does not give a rat’s ass about the federal deficit.
America is Anti-Semitic: As a Jew, I should have known this. But I hardly experience antisemitism personally in and around NYC or when I travel within the US or to Europe.[iii] World War Two is over, and the Nazis lost, right? It is hard to believe a Nazi movement is rising in America when it should be dead and buried for 75 years. Yet prior to Trump, it was unimaginable to me that someone would shoot up a synagogue of Holocaust survivors in Pittsburgh because they were Jews.
Expertise Matters: It is a bit odd to listen to POTUS complain about his own appointees. Over the past year, he has trashed his own: Attorney General, Chief of Staff, Secretary of State, Transition Director, NSA Director, Federal Reserve Chairman, FBI Director, Federal Judges, CIA Chief, Military Generals ALL APPOINTED BY HIM.
Trump reveals how important it is to appoint highly qualified people of good character to lead important cabinet posts and government agencies.
Americans Are Charmingly (and occasionally Dangerously) Naïve: We are very willing to give people the benefit of the doubt. This is especially true outside of the bigger cities where people liked a blunt message and were willing to give an unconventional approach a shot.
Why didn’t the “Elites” in NYC & DC take Trump seriously? It was not what you heard – not their Ivy League educations or wealth or their life in a bubble. If you live or work in the NYC area, you know people who either worked for Trump, you have heard the horror stories, have been stiffed by him, sued him (or was sued by him), or invested in his projects.[iv] His Real Estate frauds were legendary. Trump scams and frauds were so numerous, it was hard to keep up with them – not just the bankruptcies and failed casinos, it was also everything else he slapped his name on for a fee. Trump University, Trump Airlines, Trump magazine, even his book was not written by him.[v] EVERYONE HERE KNEW he was a grifter; it was simply assumed to be obvious to the rest of the country.
Trump is a billionaire city slicker who inherited his wealth, capitalized on his prior run for President, and had a terrible track record in how he has treated working men and woman. He convinced blue collar voters he was in their corner. Trump revealed P.T. Barnum as a prophet, insightful as to basic human condition.
Russia: When the Berlin Wall came down, and the peace dividend was going to drive the global economy, we all assumed that the evil Russia had gone away. That was a grand miscalculation, especially in the era of Putin. Russia is no longer the global superpower they once were, but instead wants to play the role of spoiler around the globe. Disruptive, vicious, and still large and rich enough to threaten Europe, Trump has revealed that the Russia as a country can still cause mayhem.
Evangelicals: I was always suspicious of them, but they turned out to be much creepier – and even more evil than I ever imagined. You cannot get into heaven if you make deal with the devil, and that is clearly the pact they made with Trump. How can you explain their ignoring his history of amorality? He has had multiple affairs, sexual liaisons, lies, cheats, steals, engages in tax fraud. Apparently, you must break all 10 commandments before these ethically bankrupt evangelicals will call you out. When a group of religious zealots start practicing “The ends justify the means” we all best pay attention, ‘cause bad shit is about to go down.
Trump revealed the evangelicals as frauds – they ignore the Bible, care more about power than saving souls, and are without shame or a moral center.
America has a Fox News Problem: When it comes to misinforming the American public about the important issues, none is better than Fox News. The “Fox News effect” is a real thing – their viewers are less informed than people who watch no news at all. More accurately, they are misinformed. Spare me the false equivalencies – Fox News plays by rules very different from the rest of the media. They are not constrained by facts; make few attempts at being empirical or data-based; they are a wing of the GOP. Trump has eliminated any doubts I may have had about this.
Human Nature: How easily we allow ourselves to be fooled. We have higher cognitive functions as individuals but in large groups, we are sheep.[vi] It does not take much to works our emotional buttons of greed and most especially fear. Events of the past month make that clear, as has Trump’s masterful manipulation of his base.
America’s Institutions: turn out to be much more resilient than previously believed. The Courts have shaken off the initial attacks; the FBI is surviving, as are the military and intelligence sectors. Even a nonfunctional congress functioned well enough to get the basics done. Our air and water can still be breathed and drunk. The Free Press is holding up; The private sector is fine; philanthropies are good. Every sector is slogging through better than one might have guessed. Even the US Constitution has laughed off attempts at treachery.
Trump certainly rocked many of these institutions via his norm violations, but once again, he has revealed a great truth to us: that American Institutions are stronger and more resilient than many of us might have imagined.
In all of these issues, I do not seek to blame Trump. Rather, I wish to acknowledge just how much his words and actions have revealed. It is only because of Trump that I have learned so much more about all of these things . . .
[i] There is no guile, just a super-natural tendency to appeal to people’s basest instincts – supporters, opponents, media, everyone. I have learned more about politics under Trump than Bush or Obama combined.
[ii] …but only to those who missed the George W. Bush administration’s unfunded tax cuts and war time spending
[iv] He has been a master bullshit artist his entire life, and that was not going to change simply because he became the Oval Office occupant. The Toronto Star and the Washington Post have kept track of his lies, and he is in a class by himself.
[v] Trump lost the district where Trump Tower is by more than 2 to 1 to Hillary Clinton ― and the 10-block condo development on Manhattan’s Upper West Side that bears Trump’s name on four buildings, he garnered only 20.9 percent of the vote versus 75.0 percent for Clinton. The Commentariat proclaimed this proof of Manhattan’s liberal leanings, but the better answer is those folks simply knew he was a grifter.
[vi] Recall the Milgram experiment: Subjects were told to shock – inflict pain – on a person in another room. Many went along with higher and higher voltages despite hearing shrieks of pain. It was incredible what those in a position of authority could get others to do.
Carol Vega is one of those girls who aren't afraid to try out new things in what refers to sex. kouya hoshisaki xxxxxx malyalam hiroins photos download
 pre pube lola xxx In this video, amazing pornstar Gianna Michaels oils up her huge round natural tits and ass and then gets fucked by a guy in her hairy pussy and she rides him. suki chui suk man nude
 Next he'll fuck her with a condom in several positions straight out of the kama sutra. www black eb xxx.com
 daughter sucks dad cock hard What to do in India on a day of torrential rain? Well, go outside to fuck all afternoon under the rain, everywhere and making the most of the jets of water for double enjoyment. vande mataram ringtones download hentai manga bulma
She's so bushy that she even pulled out a bunch of her own pubic hair while masturbating and fucking with the amazing and super hung Lexington Steele.  vande mataram ringtones download
 vídeos de sexo vivi fernandes Today we're travelling to the fabulous LA where the famous porn actor Tommy Gunn, who just got a genital retouch surgery, will be waiting for us.  kouya hoshisaki
 With just a couple of blankets to keep them off the dirty ground and a hard tool to fuck her tight young pussy, everything is all ready to go.  me folle a mi padre
 relatos porno de mi abuelo We may end up punished but it would be a bigger punishment ending up in Heaven with no-gender angels and discovering that clouds don't smell.
bayu brondong video sex No, we haven't take the Delorean to travel back. daughter sucks dad cock hard
 harly quin porn They even share his cum on each others' tongues. mulherfodendo xvideos amadores reais
 This video stars a gorgeous 18 year old brunette who will undress and roll her stockings down to her knees so that her man can drill her pussy hard in spoons position and make her moan like a bitch in heat. bangkoj khongmalai fucking vidios
 sexy dideo And, after all that hard work, they'll have to clean up with their mouths. xxvideo grilo com grilo
 ler contos eroticos em quadrinhos A hot blond with bit tits and emo look, many tattoos, agrees to be tied up with ropes by a friend to a metal fence to then put her horizontally and submerge her underwater. porno lehrerin free mobile porn hot videos
Congratulations to employee of Beyond the Square + Riverside Theatres, Gerard O’Dwyer for taking out Best Actor at The WOW Film Festival – Sydney on Friday night for his role in the short film, THE INTERVIEWER.
For a list of all the awards the The Interviewer has won check them out at: http://www.theinterviewer.com.au/#!/page_festivals
“When I arrived in Bathurst, I had no idea what the story would be,” Coopes says. “But from my very first trip I felt that Bathurst was like some kind of ghost town." Elissa Blake from Audrey Journal chats to playwright, actor and single mum Racha...
What is ‘Gothic’? It all depends, says singer, songwriter and composer of Gothic, Andrée Greenwell. An architect might think of a medieval cathedral. An avid reader might think of Wuthering Heights, and a film buff might see the long shadow of Dra...
Just a year after first hearing Scott Joplin’s Maple Leaf Rag, Adam Swanson was strutting his stuff in the junior division of the World Championship Old-Time Piano Playing Contest. He won. By the time he turned 12, Swanson was playing in heritage ...
Riverside Theatres and Bathurst Memorial Entertainment Centre in association with Australian Theatre for Young People present
The Climbing Tree is a beautiful new work that examines what lies beneath the surface in a regional town. It is about the ‘authority’ teenagers are always answerable to and have been for centuries.
The story follows four teenagers connected one day by an unexpected incident. There’s nothing revolutionary in their actions, nothing extraordinary in their lives. But something goes wrong and one of them is forced to answer questions that could affect the rest of her life and everyone else’s. … But she is not alone. Many of these questions have been asked before in this place, answered by people her age. But their experiences are different. The slow singing of time has seen it play out in so many ways. This is a town of ghosts. Sometimes they are a comfort. Usually they just make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end.
Part play, part ghost story, part musical and wholly theatrical, The Climbing Tree is a story to light the imaginations of audiences of all ages.
This show celebrates a town with an extraordinary history seen through the eyes of characters that are just finding their feet.
FROM THE PROGRAM COORDINATOR This is a wonderful opportunity for students to see youth from Australian regional areas reflected on stage. Developed using audience engagement over an extended period of time, this is an authentic experience which will extend your students life knowledge inside and outside of school. Told in a compelling and engaging way, the intrigue of this ghost story is sure to pique your students’ interest. CURRICULUM LINKS Download the Curriculum Links here: The Climbing Tree Curriculum Links SCHOOLS BOOKINGS Download information on how to book here: How to Book Download Riverside’s Risk Assessment here: 2018 Risk Assessment ACCESS Download information about access at Riverside here: Access at Riverside LEARNING RESOURCE PACK Download the Learning Resource Pack here: Climbing Tree Learning Resource Pack
Sharp Short Dance 2018 unearths Sydney’s finest young dancers. The competition provides a rare opportunity for aspiring choreographers and dancers to display their talents.
Enjoy some of your favourite tunes in this celebration of world famous and beloved Italian songs and arias sung in Italian and English, alongside some of the most popular and adored Christmas songs.
A snugly fitting spray skirt keeps things nice and dry inside your boat. But how do you avoid being trapped if the boat flips? When it’s swimmin’ time—you need to vamoose via a wet exit.
Success is easily measured, too: When your PFD bobs you to the surface, no one deducts points for technique errors. And, no matter how cautious you are as a paddler, you never know when conditions will conspire to require this skill.
It’s essential to learn the wet exit from an experienced guide or instructor, and to practice it in a calm, safe environment with a partner or lifeguard present until it’s second nature.
As you head out on the water, double-check to be sure your spray skirt’s grab loop is on the outside of the cockpit coaming and in front of you.
If you feel your boat rolling over, try to perform a brace to prevent capsizing. A quick, well-executed brace can right you, so you can abandon the wet exit routine rather than your boat.
Try to hold on to your paddle. (Don’t obsess: If you lose it, simply retrieve it quickly after you pop out of the water.)
Lean as far forward as you can (the “kissing the deck” position). This sets you up for an easy exit.
This is when a Zen-like demeanor pays dividends. (Pro tip: You can whack the bottom of your boat to alert rescuers.) Here are your essential steps:
Grab the sides of the cockpit’s coaming with your hands. (If you managed to keep ahold of your paddle, use your free hand.)
Place your hands on the sides of cockpit coaming—next to your hips. (Think of this process as sliding off a big pair of pants.)
If your paddle got away, retrieve it now. Also grab your boat. Now it’s time for a rescue—righting and re-entering your boat. You should also learn rescue techniques when you learn how to do a wet exit. Your best way to learn, of course, is with proper instruction.
Riverside Recreation is located in Forest County along the Allegheny River in West Hickory, PA. We have an 8 mile canoe or kayak float on the Allegheny River from Tidioute to West Hickory which will take from 2 to 4 hours to complete. A 10 mile and overnight floats are also available. You will be shuttled up river to Tidioute or other designated boat launches and you will float to West Hickory. This stretch of river is calm with a few ripples, a few deep sections and no white water. It’s a very relaxing and enjoyable trip. Contact us today at 814-463-9235
Grand Velas Riviera Maya rests on the edge of over 1600 feet of impeccable private white sand beach. Our beach has been recognized as one of the cleanest beaches in the country by Mexico’s Secretary of the Environment and Natural Resources.
Our team of collaborators is responsible for cleaning the beach day after day, creating a perfect setting by the Caribbean Sea. at 5:00am every morning, we begin the collection of 800-1,000 kg of kelp that has washed ashore during the night. Once gathered, the kelp is buried in a specified area to naturally degrade, contributing to significantly minimize the amount of waste generated by the resort.
Beach cleaning is just one element of conservation we practice- our green philosophy extends to every element of our operations, from our suites to our kitchens and laundry facilities. For the third consecutive year Grand Velas Riviera Maya has been certified by sustainability organization Earth Check. A leading organization in the certification of sustainable tourism, Earth Check validates adherence to strict environmental policies related to the reduction of energy use, waste reduction, waste separation and recycling, and community support.
Continuous training, awareness and teamwork efforts are required in order to achieve efficient use of resources without compromising quality standards guests expect in a Five Diamond establishment.
Grand Velas Riviera Maya’s dedicated staff has allowed the resort to continue to merit this internationally recognized certification.
Half of all marriages end in divorce. That is a staggering statistic. And yet, many people are terrified to seek help from a therapist when the going gets tough. They often worry about what it means about the health of the relationship if they need help. Couples may also fear getting blamed for the obstacles in the relationship. No one wants to be on the hot seat. And yet, couples also can’t seem to iron out the relationship wrinkles on their own. Let’s start to debunk some of the myths about marriage counseling that get in the way of couples picking up the phone.
Myth: The therapist must take a side. It’s the idea that the therapist will like one of you better. They are a person and will make a call as to who seems more “right” and proceed to discount the other partner’s side. This myth keeps people feeling hesitant to seek help.
Truth: We are trained to see your conflicts as information. There doesn’t need to be a winner or a “right” party. Rather, a quality Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) will want to understand what is happening relationally that causes the conflict from both partners’ perspective. Your fights don’t happen in a vacuum, but rather they are likely a result of you pinging off one another in repetitious ways. The LMFT will want to see the full picture to help make you aware of how to shift your interactions toward healthier patterns. You should both feel heard and supported during therapy.
Myth: The therapist wants you to stay together They will do anything to keep your marriage or relationship intact. That means someone is going to have to compromise and/or stay at any cost.
Truth: During couples therapy, the relationship is the client. That MFT is focused on the health of the relationship. Does it work? How does each person contribute to protecting it, nurturing it and helping it stay strong and vibrant? Therapists will likely be assessing in the beginning—to see where the strengths and weakness exist. Next comes the heavy lifting: you will be challenged to try new, possibly awkward and unfamiliar ways of interacting.
That could include homework between sessions or intentional, verbal acknowledgements to your partner. You will likely also be invited to share your feelings. Not just the ones bubbling on the surface that drove you to call for an appointment (possibly annoyance, anger, frustration, hopelessness) but also the ones that sit quietly underneath those others. These often include fear, loneliness, sadness, worthlessness and so many more. Therapists want what is best for the relationship—and sometimes that means assisting clients as they dissolve their partnership in a way that feels graceful and fair.
Myth: Fault needs to be assigned. Someone started or stopped doing something. Or someone had an affair, isn’t interested in sex, and the list goes on.
Truth: Often couples come in either pointing fingers at each other or blaming themselves. Partners are entrenched in their positions and have great difficulty considering another explanation for their challenges. Therapy is infinitely more successful when the partners can start to see the fuller picture. When they can start to soften and see the other’s position and say so. Things change as couples realize that relationships are fluid, ever-changing exchanges between two separate people. Every partnership has perpetual problems—differences in how you do things or preferences. The work is not to determine whose way is better, but rather to negotiate how you will handle that thing in a way that feels satisfying enough to both people.
Often couples can see a shift in their dynamic with only a few sessions. Simply having someone hold the space and inquire about how they relate brings about awareness that causes subtle changes. Each partner knows better how they trigger and/or how they can better support the other to strengthen the bond.
Jenn Kennedy is a MFT based in Santa Barbara, CA. She specializes in couples, addiction and LGBT. She can be reached at jennkennedy@me.com or 805-699-6834.
A new report from the Government Accountability Office found that black students, boys, and students with disabilities were disproportionately disciplined in public schools. For example,...More
It seems that too many people come to faulty conclusions about this or that simply because of ignorance. I know that is a pretty rank statement but in some cases, it applies. One of those cases is the quote below where the author says that the opiate addiction crisis rampant in the country is due to the decline in religion.
While there is no direct evidence for a causal relationship, the simultaneous decline of religion and growth of opiate use offers a potentially troubling correlation for consideration.
I think the blame for much of the opiate problem lies in the fact that for the workers our economy has been stagnant for three decades or more. Middle-class jobs are pretty much gone except for those who are willing to do the work to get them. There is simply no easy path to the good life anymore. Things have to be earned now. 40% of the population is doing pretty good, the other 60% not so good.
Because of this, there are many disenchanted people around. They hear stories about their fathers and grandfathers who right out of high school got that good paying job in an automotive factory. They hear how a college education will set them back thousands of dollars with no guarantee of any real payback. They feel cheated and in some ways, I can’t blame them. But at least to me, this sounds too much like a pity party. Instead of doing what it presently takes they want to blame others because they had it easier.
I recently came across someone’s definition of a terrorist and that is a man unhappy with his personal life and looking for something beyond himself. That something in too many cases is a religious belief that condones and maybe even insists that others need to be punished for their lack of correct faith.
Religious organizations blame others for their declining membership. Instead, they should be taking a good part of the blame because of their political stands and their exclusion of too many who ask embarrassing questions or won’t blindly believe what they are told.
The politicians want to blame the other party for the low congressional approval rating. Instead, they should be looking at their partisans stands and their unwillingness to compromise for the good of the whole. It is just too easy to find a “bad” guy to blame in their world.
Too many who have not managed a more affluent way of life want to blame others. Instead, they should be looking to see what others have done to better themselves. They need confidence in their own abilities, not someone else to blame.
It is just too easy to find someone else to blame instead of taking a good dose of that blame on yourself.
I decided to let my creative juices flow a little more lately and attacked my blog header to make it a little more cheery. I know most of you guys probably don’t even notice the header but I don’t think you can avoid this one. 🙂 There is enough in the world today that is simply awful dreary. We need to let the sun shine more in our lives. This is a meager attempt to do a little of that.
The main themes for my blog are “Question Everything” and my “InSearchOfAmerica” project. I am adding another theme to that list and it is about complaining. It seems that everyone, me included, has a myriad of things to complain about in this world today. Lord knows with the narcissist in the Oval Office our complaints in many areas are certainly justified. Additionally, for decades now the quality of life continues going down instead of up for many of us. We have a right to complain about that but what good does just complaining do?
Complaining without doing something about it is just having a pity party or just plain whining. The upper right side of the header has the same message just in a different way. Complaining is not a conversation after all. So if you insists on complaining then you also need to start doing something constructive about your complaints. Offer solutions instead of just whining. No one likes whiners.
Looking at this from a higher level, one of the worst things you can do with your life is to live it in negativity. Until you find something to be enthusiastic about, your life often lacks purpose. Maybe you need to turn off your TV and look around you for things to be thankful for. Just don’t dwell on the negative too frequently.
Of course I need to take my own advice in this area and I am trying to do just that. I have a lot to be thankful for. But ignoring the problems around me is not the answer either. Facing them head on with a personal action plan no matter how meager is much better than just whining about them. That is one of my new mantras in life. I seem to have many of those don’t I? I guess you could call this new resolve an early New Year’s resolution but since those are most often forgotten I don’t want to do that. I’ll just call it a new perspective… how about that?

Funnyman Sacha Baron Cohen has fired back at U.S. politician Sarah Palin in character as the ‘veteran’ who duped her in an interview for his new show.
Cohen’s Dr. Billy Wayne Ruddick, Jr. is demanding an apology from the former Republican vice presidential candidate after she claimed she was conned into taking part in a “sick” skit for the comedian’s Showtime series Who Is America?
Palin took to Facebook earlier this week to reveal she was tricked into sitting down with Cohen’s alter ego.
“Out of respect for what I was led to believe would be a thoughtful discussion with someone who had served in uniform, I sat through a long ‘interview’ full of Hollywoodism’s disrespect and sarcasm – but finally had enough and literally, physically removed my mic and walked out,” Palin wrote. “The disrespect of our U.S. military and middle-class Americans via Cohen’s foreign commentaries under the guise of interview questions was perverse.”
She also alleged that Cohen’s production team dropped her off at the wrong Washington, D.C. airport after the fake interview “knowing we’d miss all flights back home to Alaska.”
“I am Dr. Billy Wayne Ruddick, founder/ceo/accountant of Truthbrary.org and it was I that interviewed you,” he wrote, addressing Palin. “I did NOT say I was a War Vet. I was in the service – not military, but United Parcel, and I only fought for my country once… When I shot a Mexican who came onto my property. (Coincidentally, just like our Great President, I was sadly prevented from joining the regular army on account of bone spurs bein discovered in my testies).”
Cohen, as Ruddick, then mocked Palin for questioning the authenticity of former President Barack Obama’s birth certificate and comments she made about being able to see Russia from her home in Alaska.
“I have always admired you for TELLING THE TRUTH about Obama’s birth certificate and the location of Russia,” he wrote. “But ma’am I do believe you have been hit by a bulls— grenade and are now bleedin’ FAKE NEWS.
“You used to hunt the most dangerous animals in the country, like wolves and people on welfare,” Ruddick added. “So why hunt a fine citizen journalist like myself? I DEMAND AN APOLOGY.”
Brownstein: Neuroses rule at Just for Laugh's Ethnic Show Xavier Dolan quit Twitter, and it's only the end of the...
Matthew Crossan has completed his six-month stint in the United Kingdom with Renault, and is one month into his time with Infiniti.	
The Infiniti Engineering Academy winner from Canada, one of seven from around the world, will get to spend six months working with Infiniti, as well as six months working with the Renault Formula team.
While this year’s crop of prospects took part in two days of activities and interviews, last year’s winner sat back and watched during a break from his work with Infiniti.
Matthew Crossan is seven months into his internship, but the 24-year-old was able to sit back and watch as Chase Pelletier, 22, was named the winner of the 2018 edition.
Crossan, from London, Ont., has completed his six-month stint in the United Kingdom with Renault, and is one month into his time with Infiniti.
From Day 1, Crossan had to prove himself with the F1 team. And he was surprised by the type of work he was given and the attention paid to even the smallest details.
“It wasn’t just busy work,” he said. “I was doing work that if I wasn’t doing it, someone else was going to be doing that work. So it really was vital and important for the team.”
His projects involved trying to find appropriate settings for ride height, springs, dampers and more to find the optimal setup for the race car.
“There are some things I wouldn’t have even thought how in-depth they go into something,” Crossan said. “But when they are looking for every tenth of a second, you have to go into detail into so many different things to find it.”
Unlike the mechanics you see at the track every week, Crossan worked with software and simulators, not torque wrenches and air guns.
“I was also working in the mission control room during the races,” Crossan said. “There’s only room for a limited amount of engineers at the track, so we have a NASA-style control room that we work from.”
âFor Montreal, itâs the hardest track of the year on the brake system,â says Matthew Crossan, who is the 2017 winner of the Infiniti Engineering Academy and is doing an internship with Infiniti and the Renault F1 race team. âSo a lot of the tools that I developed will be used between practice sessions and before the race to try and optimize the brake configuration for the weekend.â Peter McCabe / MONTREAL GAZETTE
“For Montreal, it’s the hardest track of the year on the brake system,” Crossan said. “So a lot of the tools that I developed will be used between practice sessions and before the race to try and optimize the brake configuration for the weekend.”
With Infiniti, Crossan is with the ride-and-handling division, working on trying to improve the ride comfort.
Again using software and simulators, he is able to adjust settings on the car and run it through a virtual set of road tests to see how it will react.
“It is a lot quicker to iterate than it would be with a physical car,” Crossan said. “With the push of a button, I can change the springs in the virtual model versus taking a couple of hours in a real car.”
“The end goal is to stay on at either one of these companies,” he said. “I definitely really enjoyed my time with the Formula 1 team.”
Tommaso Volpe, director, Infiniti global motorsport and performance projects, was one of the judges who selected Crossan as the winner in 2017 and said “he impressed a lot.”
Based in Hong Kong, Volpe doesn’t work directly with Crossan, but does receive monthly updates on how he is performing.
“He is doing a very good job, specifically on the Formula 1 side,” Volpe said. “There are some talks about potential opportunities for him.”
And Crossan wasn’t only working hard at the office, but back in his room as he prepared to present his masters degree thesis, which he completed last month, at Western University in London.
“It’s been a long winter,” Crossan said. “But now I get to come home from work and just chill out instead. It’s going to be nice.”
Formula 1 fuel and oil under the microscope at Canadian Grand... Renault's rapid rise in Formula One 'was all in the plan'


Kerim is an arabian boy, the new male skin for second life, he is sensual and seductive, just as you want!
Your traveling companion, the man that you will have next to you, determined and strong as a true man.
Spend thewith Kerim 1001 nights, discover the incredible adventures of Kerim in the deserts of the Sahara, the endless battles and triumphs that you can have with Kerim, your new avatar!
Egoisme Prestige group members must wear their tag before buying (remember: just LEFT click on the item to pay and receive the item)
Copyrigth @ 2010 2011 Egoisme Ltd. All rights are reserved. It is strictly forbidden to copy and/or reproduce this product in parts or in complete either for commercial purposes using photography, photocopy, digital storage or any other way of reproduction. Changes for improvement or correction of this document or the product described in this document might by done at any time.
These products is / are for your own personal use and content creation in Second Life ONLY. You are not allowed to use, distribute or sell this / these images/products out of Second Life.
Egoisme Prestige group will not have discount first week, since the price is just 259L$ as welcome offert
Damiax Art brings the best of SL art to the Egoisme sim for a gallery event like nothing you have experienced before. Weekly exhibits will introduce the finest artists in SL while you shop the seven amazing brands under the Egoisme label.
Stroll the custom-designed gallery, enjoy the beauty SL offers in the visual arts and fashion, immerse yourself in the adventure of exploration.
Artist and filmmaker Michael Frost was born in Spain in 1971 and raised in Upstate New York. He took his BA in Cinema and Art History from Binghamton University and is the recipient of the 1997 Eastman Kodak Award for Film. He currently maintains a working studio in Los Angeles where he has resided since 1998.
“These pieces evoke a time in my childhood when I lived in post-Franco Spain. In my hometown of Sevilla, the ancient walls would be covered with sheets of torn film posters. Rugged lead actors and glamorous women in suggestive poses peeked out from underneath years of layered announcements for neighborhood theaters like el cine Becquer, where I spent hours in the dark entranced by the same images displayed outside.
“Here, using salvaged, vintage Italian movie posters of the 1960s and 70s, digital imagery, paints and inks, I’ve re-imagined that past and recast the characters in a violently brilliant narrative where the primal forces of femininity and masculinity clash and reassemble. The colors and textures of these pieces repeat the rich dynamic in kaleidoscopic illumination and tactile robustness.
“The video work transforms that aesthetic into a more conventional, yet just as fractured narrative. Resurrecting familiar faces from the film and television screens of the 1960s and 70s, these cut-ups, much like the fine art pieces, are digitally manipulated and presented in a new context, where heroines become demons, men become anonymous, and children become scapegoats.
“I hope to give the viewer the feeling that I get from creating these pieces, vibrant and exciting melodramas that played out as street art and in the movie palaces of my youth, yet imagined from the perspective of experience. For me, it is a total encounter of sight, sound, and memory.”
September 15, 2011 | Categories: Fashion, Uncategorized | Tags: Arts, Fine art, Street art, Visual Art | Leave a comment	

Traveling to 明神峠 in 山北町 has never been so easy. Use Moovit to get detailed step by step directions as you travel from your current location or from a top attraction or any major public transit station.
View detailed routes on a map, see bus and train schedules, arrival times, and service alerts so you know exactly how to get to 明神峠.
When traveling to 明神峠 use Moovit's Live Directions with Get Off Notifications to know exactly where and how far to walk, how long to wait for your line , and how many stops are left. Moovit will alert you when it’s time to get off — no need to constantly re-check whether yours is the next stop.


The BT-100 amplifier is a new, innovative device that fully overturns the traditional way of listening to music. The BT-100 features state-of-the-art Bluetooth® technology, allowing wireless connections from a distance of up to 100-feet. Analog and digital inputs give the BT-100 the ability to adapt to today’s media sources, putting a completely modern, wireless spin on an old icon. With its Bluetooth® capability, the BT-100 provides the convenience of wireless streaming the highest quality audio from any Bluetooth-enabled smartphone, tablet or PC. With power that really delivers providing 100W RMS (50W x 2) @ 4 Ohms or 50W RMs (25W x 2) @ 8 Ohms per channel may sound small, but like all RBH Sound amplifiers, the BT-100 can outperform amplifiers that are much larger. With its very small form factor, the BT-100 astounds many due to its ability to power larger loudspeakers to satisfying levels without adding noise or distortion. The BT-100 features aptX® CODEC technology thus allowing enjoyment of much higher quality sound when connected to any Bluetooth® aptX® enabled device.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1)This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2)this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

Ahhh, Thanksgiving is here and gives us a great slate of games to sweat out all weekend long. The best part about this weekend isn’t the fact that many rivalries are being played, but the fact we have games on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Because of this, I will be including the games from each night in my top 10s.
Before I get into the best plays of the weekend I want to touch on the two biggest games in my personal life this weekend: VT/UVA and Michigan/Ohio State. As a Virginia Tech graduate I’ve never seen a loss to those “Zima drinking weenies” as Colin Cowherd would say it. And on Saturday, I expect that to not change. As a Michigan fan as a kid I haven’t seen enough wins over “Ohio”. I would usually take this time to look up the stats and be specific, but I’m scared to. It hurts too much to look at.
If you’re a UVA or Michigan fan then your season can be righted with one win. Both teams have struggled to reach expectations this season, but a surprising win over their hated rival could make it all better. Like in these two games, we as DFS players can make up for a bad season with one great weekend. You could be down a few hundred on the season, but there are enough games this weekend to make you forget about the first 13 weeks of the season.
1.Jameis Winston FSU $7,750 – After this past weekend, there isn’t much doubt in anyone’s mind that FSU will beat Florida this weekend. I really don’t see how Florida stops FSU on offense and because of that I like a lot of players on the Seminoles. To me, it all starts with Jameis Winston. Florida has not had a hard time against the pass lately, but they’ve also faced a GSU team that threw 3 passes, a Vandy team that threw 12 times, and a South Carolina team who is not known for their pasing. I have faith in Jameis at this price to be a safe play. He has thrown 8 TDs in the last 3 games.
2.Braxton Miller Ohio State $9,750– If Braxton Miller was priced a little lower, I would have had him as my number 1 player on the board. As a Michigan fan, dual threat QBs against the Michigan defense haunt my dreams. Well, Braxton Miller has ran for over 300 yards in the last 2 games with 4 TDs on the ground. Miller has also added 150+ yards in those 2 games with 4 TDs through the air. In a big rivalry game for these two teams, I really see Ohio State blowing this one open and if that happens it’ll be starting with Miller.
3.CJ Brown Maryland $4,000– Brown is still marked down from his early season prices and rightfully so. He hasn’t been the same since the first few weeks of the season, but he has shown glimpses of greatness in the last two weeks. He has 5 TDs in the last two games, 3 of which were on the ground. Those are very nice numbers for a 4k option and going up against NC State, Brown should be heavily owned. NC State has given up 38 points in 3 straight games and is coming off a big loss to ECU who threw for 3 TDs on them. Brown is the Maryland offense right now, and I don’t think he leaves the field Saturday with at least 2 TDs (1 being rushing).
4.Marcus Mariota Oregon $8,000 (Friday) – Mariota is at the cheapest price you’ll ever see him and on Friday I think he’s going to be on all my rosters if I play. He possibly suffered a concussion in his last game, so make sure he’s starting when this game comes. Oregon State’s defense has been better since the beginning of the season, but Mariota and the Oregon offense are too good to just get blanked. Mariota ahs pass for 7 TDs in his last 3 games, but has done nothing on the ground lately. Mariota is a high upside play with little risk.
5.Cyler Miles Washington $2,500 (Friday)– Miles could see another start on Friday and if he does I’m really feeling him. He has thrown for 3 TDs in basically 6 quarters of play in the last two games. Washington probably won’t pass for a ton of yardage because of Sankey, but is the kind of safe 12-15 point QB in a big game this Friday against WSU. Miles does have the feet to be a running threat, but I doubt they’ll have him run much. WSU has given up 9 TDs in the last 3 games while giving up over 350 yards passing and 3 TDs to a guy in his first start last week for Utah.
6.Paul Millard West Virginia $2,500– I’m going to end the value QBs with Paul Millard who should still be the starting QB this weekend against Iowa State. He has played well enough to keep the spot over Clint Trickett, but make sure nothing funny happens come Saturday. Why do I like Millard? Well, Iowa State is one of the worst defenses out there, and ice won’t help them Saturday. Their recent performances are skewed due to facing bad passing teams, so I’m not afraid to roll out Millard at this price.
7.Connor Shaw South Carolina $5,000– Shaw needs to step up Saturday in the biggest game of their season, and I think he will. The running game is banged up while the passing game is getting moving a little bit. Clemson has been good lately due to facing bad teams or only running teams, but struggled against Maryland and FSU before that. I like Shaw for 3 total TDs in this big game and Mike Davis returning from injury should happen and benefit him.
8.Tajh Boyd Clemson $8,250– South Carolina is a very good team against the pass this season, but they haven’t faced a Tajh Boyd lately. He has gone for 32+ fantasy points and has combined for 14 total TDs during the last 3 games. Boyd is never going to be one of those players that has TDs vultured from him because they rely on him so much to do the scoring. They have so much faith in him that relying on anyone else is an unnecessary risk.
9.BJ Denker Arizona $7,500– Denker was highly efficient last weekend against the supposedly great Oregon defense. He ran for 100 yards and threw for another 178 while scoring twice. His completion percentage was ridiculously high (86%) and against ASU he’ll be called upon more by the coaches. Ka’Deem Carey is a great RB, but ASU will most assuredly be keying on him inside the red zone. I would expect some QB reads to be kept by Denker and a rushing TD to be added to a great stat line this weekend.
10.Baker Mayfield Texas Tech (Thursday)– If you’re playing on a site that has Thursday games then Mayfield is definitely a guy to consider. Mayfield had a huge game throwing for 314 yards and 4 TDs against Baylor 2 weeks ago. Now, Mayfield has had 2 weeks to prepare for Texas and get his timing refined with them. There is no stopping him as long as his top two pass catchers (Ward and Amaro) are healthy.
1.Charles Sims WVU $7,750– For the second week in a row, a Sims faces one of the worst run defenses in the Big 12: Iowa State. Charles Sims has been pretty safe lately going for 26, 36, and 37 in his last 3 games. Even with ice and a bad Kansas offense, Iowa State still gave up 4.5 yards per carry and almost 200 rushing yards on the day. Before that game the Cyclones had given up 3 rushing TDs in their last 7 games. You better believe that I’ll be owning Sims this weekend.
2.James White Wisconsin $8,250– White has taken over as the main RB for Wisconsin and against Penn State that’ll be even more evident. He has seen 20+ carries in 3 straight games and 69 carries total during that time. Melvin Gordon has only seen 44 carries in those 3 games. Penn State isn’t the greatest matchup, but there is no stopping the rushing juggernaut that is Wisconsin. It also doesn’t hurt to pick an RB who has put up 31+ fantasy points in 4 of his last 5 games.
3.Stephen Houston Indiana $4,750– Houston is most likely going to be starting again this week with Tevin Coleman doubtful for the Purdue game. Purdue is just terrible against the running giving up 26 rushing TDs and 5 yards per carry on the season. Against Penn State and Iowa (2 of the teams they’ve faced in the last 3 weeks) they gave up over 600 rushing yards and 8 TDs. Indiana is a spread out attack, but they have no problem running the ball which they showed against Illinois where they ran for 371 yards on 43 carries. Most of those carries in that game were from Houston and Coleman.
4.Carlos Hyde Ohio State $8,250– Hyde has been red hot lately scoring 6 TDs in his last 2 games and just doesn’t look to be stopped right now. Ohio State is a 14 point favorite going into this weekend and Hyde is a reason why. He has gone for 29.9 fantasy points or more in 5 of his last 6 games. Michigan has given up 9 rushing TDs in their last 6 games. They are pretty good against RBs and yardage, but when it comes to Ohio State I’m not sure there is any stopping them. They have rushed for 300+ yards in 4 straight games averaging at least 7 yards per carry in each game.
5.Tyler Gaffney Stanford $7,250– If I’m putting Tyler Gaffney on this list this weekend then you know he must have a good matchup. After getting burned by him this past weekend, it’s tough to even say his name, but against Notre Dame I’m really digging him. Stanford will most assuredly try to pound the run against the Fighting Irish who have given up over 4.1 yards per carry in 4 of their last 5 games. Before Gaffney’s 16 point performance last weekend, he had gone for 27+ fantasy points in 4 straight games.
6.Jeremy Langford Michigan State $7,000– Langford has been great in his last 4 weeks and it’s not surprise the MSU offense has excelled during that time as well. He has rushed for 8 TDs during that time to go along with over 100 yards in each game. Minnesota has struggled against the run lately giving up 5.25 yards per carry or more in 3 of their last 4 games. They did a decent job of stopping Wisconsin last weekend, but MSU’s offense should be able to wear them down Saturday.
7.Malcolm Brown Texas (Thursday)– Brown has seen a significant amount of carries in the last few games and although he hasn’t been that great with them, he is scoring TDs. He had a very nice 4 TD game 3 games ago and has scored in each game once since. He has 8 TDs in the last 4 weeks and against Texas Tech I like his matchup enough to roster him in each of my Thursday games. Texas Tech has given up 15 rushing TDs in their last 3 games. Wow that’s a lot of touchdowns. They’ve also been prone to giving up huge yardage giving up 277 yards or more in 4 straight games.
8.Henry Josey Missouri $5,500– Josey is not a typical featured back, but he has stood out well in Missouri’s last 2 games. He has gone for 58 fantasy points and 5 TDs in the last 2 games. Against Texas A&M Saturday, I really like him to continue being successful. He has seen 15 carries in 4 of the last 5 games and is facing a team that has given up just over 6 yards per carry in their last 2 games to go along with 4 TDs allowed.
9.Bishop Sankey Washington $9,250 (Friday)– Sankey had a monster game last week and has put himself back on the stage as a top 3 RB in college football overall. He has gone for 32+ in 3 of his last 4 games and has scored 7 TDs during that time. WSU has given up 11 TDs rushing in their last 4 games and now with Washington starting a young QB, Sankey has been thrusted into tbeing the main threat even more.
10.Dallas Crawford Miami $3,750 (Friday)– Crawford has taken over for Duke Johnson since his injury and done a decent job. His rushing yards haven’t been that impressive, but he is back to scoring TDs. He had 2 TDs last weekend against UVA and this weekend against Pitt should make for a few more TD chances. Pitt has given up 4.25 yards per carry or more in 2 of the last 3 games in matchups where RBs weren’t that great. Notre Dame and UNC have had pretty weak RB groups this season and Crawford should be able to do just as well against Pitt this weekend for a great price.
1.Sammy Watkins Clemson $8,000– Watkins has been red hot going for 30+ in 3 of his last 4 games and that 4th game was a 18 point performance in which Clemson’s starters weren’t in the entire game. He has scored 5 TDs in his last 3 games and Boyd is really feeling it right now. Against South Carolina, Watkins will be needed to break some big plays to keep their BCS bow game hopes alive. I fully expect him to gain 100 yards through the air like he has in 6 of his last 8.
2.Antwan Goodley Baylor $7,500– Goodley’s price went down even after going for 10/118/1 against Oklahoma State. He has a TD in every game but 1 this season which is amazing. I’m looking at Baylor to put up big points and Vegas has them scoring 38 points right now. Those are big numbers and there is no way Baylor scores that much without Goodley being a part of it.
3.Steve Hull Illinois $6,500– If for some reason you watched Illinois play Purdue last week then you saw that Scheelhaase looks for Hull non stop. He has gone for 40+ points in 2 of 3 his last 3 games and those are games that Illinois has put up big points. They should continue to do so this weekend and Hull will get his 9 catches like he has averaged in the last 3 weeks.
4.Rashad Greene FSU $4,250– Greene hasn’t done much lately, but in games where FSU is challenged then he really steps up his game and is used more often. If you look at a 3 game stretch for FSU where they played against Miami, NC State, and Clemson then you’ll know that Greene can really show up. In those games, Greene caught 22 passes for 366 yards and 3 TDs. I’m expecting the average of those 3 games which would be about 7 catches, 120 yards and a TD against Florida who FSU should crush.
5.Jaelen Strong ASU $3,750– Strong was a guy who just tore it up at the beginning of the season then took a big tumble after injuring his ankle. Well, 2 weeks ago he said he was healthy and let’s just say it’s certainly looking like it. He has combined for 13 catches and 197 yards while scoring a TD during those 2 games. His price is so low in a game that should be in the 60s or 70s that it’s hard to pass up on him. It’s also worth noting that Marion Grice is looking very questionable for the game which would mean possibly more touches for Strong.
6.Kenny Shaw FSU $3,750– While Greene has struggled in the last few weeks, Shaw has excelled. He has 12 catches, over 200 yards, and 2 TDs in his last 2 weeks. Those are great numbers, but against not the best quality of team. I’m interested to see if Shaw’s newfound chemistry with Jameis Winston sticks against Florida or if Greene steps up big again against a better team. It’s hard to say that Florida is a better team than the teams FSU has played recently, but with the rivalry there you never know.
7.Eric Ward Texas Tech (Thursday)– Ward has been red hot lately regaining chemistry with the Texas Tech QBs lately. He has 5 TDs in his last 4 games while catching at least 7 in each of them (35 catches in those 4 games). Those are big numbers and he’s seeing plenty of targets. He’ll probably have a higher price tag, but his performance lately has made him deserving of it.
8.Jarvis Landry LSU $6,500 (Friday)– Landry had a big game against TAMU last weekend in the bad weather catching 4 passes for 2 TDs and 87 yards. WRs have caught 50 passes and 5 TDs in the last 2 games against teams that aren’t necessarily known for their passing attack. Ole Miss is a very good passing offense, but Mississippi State is not, yet had success against Arkansas.
9.Jordan Matthews Vanderbilt $7,000– Matthews is back as a fantasy stud with the ACS being back at QB. Vanderbilt has rotated QBs kind of recently, but when they pass ACS is in and Matthews is the target. Matthews has an amazing 25 catches for 274 yards in his last two games against bad defense. Well, this week Vandy plays Wake Forest who will not be any better. Matthews should be a very safe play for 10 catches and 100 yards this weekend.
10.Deontay Greenberry Houston $7,750 (Friday)– Greenberry’s concussion that he was recovering from didn’t seem to matter last weekend as he went for 6/64/1 against Cincinnati. That makes at least 1 TD in 4 of his last 5 games (excluding the UL game where he didn’t play a full game). Before facing a brutal USF pass defense, SMU had given up 9 passing TDs in their last 3 games. They are susceptible to giving up big passing days like when they gave up 4 passing TDs to Texas Tech and Rutgers, or 5 passing TDs to Temple.
1.Jace Amaro Texas Tech (Thursday)– Amaro is a stud and there is no way around it. He faces off against in-state rival, Texas, on Thanksgiving day and although it’s not a great matchup for passers I still love this play. It’s tough to compare the Texas Tech offense against any other passing attack and because of that I don’t really take much stock in how Texas has done earlier this season. He has caught 9 passes in 7 of his last 9 games.
2.Jake Murphy Utah $3,750– Murphy came back from injury 2 weekends ago and has returned to prime form. He must have great chemistry with his QB because he had a huge game last weekend going for 5/102/2. Against Colorado this weekend I’m seeing a nice matchup and an opportunity to crush value against with a mid low to range price for TEs.
3.Eric Ebron UNC $3,500– Ebron has had a tough go since Marquise Williams took over at QB a few weeks ago, but this weekend against Duke I really think he’ll be needed to use more. I would rather use Amaro or Murphy this week, but Ebron isn’t a bad gut play. Duke has had plenty of trouble against the pass this season like when they played Pitt and gave up 6 TDs or when they faced Miami and gave up almost 400 yards passing and 2 TDs.
Got something in mind you want to add to this DFS College Football Week 14 discussion? Why not throw it up and bring it to the table in the most active DFS College Football Forum on planet Earth? We want to hear from you!
Welcome to Wednesday’s edition of the Daily Fantasy Rundown with “leonem”, “dinkpiece” and “thenumbersguy”. Each day throughout the MLB season our daily MLB scouting reports will highlight the best top, value and cheap plays of the day based on the Daily Fantasy Industry’s pricing for salary cap games. The goal of our analysis is to help you improve consistency and become a better player long-term.
If any weather situations shift drastically, we will keep you updated with lineup alerts so make sure to check your email inbox up until roster lock.
Miguel Montero (CHC) – While Montero rates a bit behind Yasmani Grandal in our model (a top 75 option, Grandal is top 50), I view them as similar options today and will probably let price dictate who I use on what site. Montero will almost assuredly bat cleanup for the Cubs with a RHP on the hill and the team able to utilize the DH in an American League park. Opposing pitcher Shane Greene has really struggled this season. While we expect him to be better moving forward than his 5.40 ERA, it needs to be noted that his velocity has dropped off by 1.3 mph from last season and that, along with a reduced SwStr rate, supports the big drop in K rate from 23.5 percent to 15. Green is also posting an elevated HR/FB rate for the second consecutive season and has allowed a .362 wOBA to the 320 LHBs he has faced. Montero is currently displaying the best EYE of his career and is making very good contact (yet to hit a pop up, career best 23.2 LD rate). His Fantasy points should pick up as his .258 BABIP normalizes (career mark of .304).
Yasmani Grandal (LAD) – Grandal will likely hit fifth or sixth if in the lineup (chance he sits after catching three straight). He’s cut down on his K rate with the Dodgers, which has helped to boost his BA and should be able to take advantage of a very friendly matchup against Jeremy Hellickson (.324 wOBA, 1.21 HR/9 allowed to LHBs since 2012). Grandal is a switch hitter but for his career he has been much more productive from the left side (.352 wOBA compared to .310 from the right side; .175 ISO compared to .138 from the right side).

Blonde bombshell Kagney Linn Karter with big boobs and sexy ass is a private investigator that does her best to get more info from bad guy Xander Corvus. www.xnxhdsex sexy tv serioul acctress nude pics
 Amazing babe Jayden Jaymes shows off her oiled big ass  and gets her juicy pussy pounded by eager Voodoo nude mom daughter 3d comic 15:06
 xxxx pic nick and bella These good looking ladies are cock hungry and need sex badly! hgirl hot naked
 She exposes her juicy ass in the middle of the road and gets her juicy tits licked by hot guy in other public places. shinchan and matsuzaka porn
Oiled up curvy seductress with big tits gets her juicy ass drilled by rock hard cock from behind.  xnxx wwe cartoon sex
 Lezley Zen's husband asks her to have sex with another man for him to watch. girl fuckimg dog porn 17:46
 shinchan and matsuzaka porn Elexis Monroe and Kasey Chase are two attractive brown haired ladies that love lesbian sex.
 nude mom daughter 3d comic Gorgeous brunette Nina Leigh touches her perfect big boobs before she removes her tight black panties to play with her silky smooth pussy.  www.xnxhdsex
 Long legged tall cutie Issa Bella is completely naked and totally helpless in rope bondage.  novinha fazendo video
 kiriti  tolibod hiroin  xxx bf video She gives gloryhole blowjob in the dark and it looks like she loves the fun.
 Curly haired brunette is sex hungry and she doesn't mind having some fun with handsome guy Wolf Hudson.  jesse santana gay porn
cum stained panties Sophia Lynn is boss' skinny beautiful girlfriend with tight pussy and small tits. pakistanixxxaunti
 nephew screws aunt Attractive bootylicious blonde milf Phoenix Marie with juicy tits and ponytail gives head to young handsome Johnny Castle and gets his cock up her ass in doggy style action outdoor by the pool queefing a lot cachondeo meaning
 he plays with her melons and fucks her sweet mouth and lovely meaty pussy. cachondeo meaning queefing a lot
Thomson is the world leading provider of solutions for the creation, management, delivery and access of video, for the Communication, Media and Entertainment industries.



Chopped romaine lettuce mixed with olives, feta cheese, red onions, tomatoes, cucumber and pepperoncinis, and tossed in our famous Greek feta dressing. Served with grilled garlic bread. Add chicken for $2.99
A traditional B.L.T. including avocado and mayo. Served on toasted white bread. Served with your choice of fries and ranch.
A mouthwatering combination of bite-sized chorizo tacos tossed in your choice of mild or hot wing sauce with toasted cheese ravioli, gooey mozzarella sticks, mini corn dogs, golden onion rings and an old Bully's favorite, Texas toothpicks. Served with ranch and marinara sauce.
A large soft pretzel split in half with gooey cheddar and jack cheese atop Bully’s marinara pizza sauce and covered with fresh pepperoni slices.
A 1/2 lb. charbroiled beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and onion on a sesame seed bun with your choice of fries and ranch.
Our famous grilled garlic parmesan sourdough bread with melted American cheese, thousand island dressing, caramelized onions and crispy bacon. Served with your choice of fries and ranch.
Fresh romaine and grilled chicken tossed in caesar dressing, topped with croutons and Parmesan cheese. Served with grilled garlic bread.
All American hot dog smothered in Bully’s homemade chili with melted cheese and onions. Served with your choice of fries and ranch.
Crispy, breaded chicken tenders tossed with your choice of Bully's famous wing sauce. Served on a hoagie roll with lettuce, tomato and onion with your choice of fries and ranch.
A 1/2-pound charbroiled beef patty on grilled sourdough bread with melted Swiss cheese, caramelized onion and thousand island dressing. Served with your choice of fries and ranch.
A hearty bowl of our daily soup with a crisp green salad. Served with your choice of dressing and warm garlic bread.
Served with Bully's original fries, shoestring fries, pub fries or fresh carrots and celery sticks with ranch.

When we were home with a brand-new baby for the first time, my husband and I made one mistake that outshone all the others: Throughout the day, the week even, we would go tit-for-tat on who had done what. I changed X many diapers. You were only up X many times with her during the night. The list went on and on. The tension between us began to grow.
Soon we realized that keeping track was not only impossible to do, but also breeds anger fast. I was sick of fighting over things we would never be able to quantify. Even in my most irritated new-mommy moments when I knew I had done a hell of a lot more than he had that day, I stopped keeping score. It took some work, but we soon developed a system of evening things out. Rather than counting diaper changes or lamenting the fact that I’m the only one doing laundry around here, I realized instead that a big conversation with a breakdown of responsibilities would be better.
After spending the first few months bickering a bunch about who was doing what (“I’m home with her all day, doing everything” was met with, “I’m out there earning money for the home” — YIKES all-around), we did sit down and have that important conversation. I was able to list my grievances outside of the moment of stress, so I didn’t get screechy or pissed off. He was able to shed some light on his own justified exhaustion but also see my side.
Together, we made a list of chores and divided them up in a way that is not exactly even, but more fair. We listened to each other and we stopped keeping score. I no longer nagged him to take the trash out, for example, because it was on his list now so he just did it. And when he did happen to forget and I mentioned it, I was certainly never met with a whiny “I did the dishes last night!” as per usual.
On weekends, my husband started pitching in a lot more without being asked. There was now an understanding between us that when he was home from work, the childcare needed to be closer to 50/50. But if a football Sunday passed and nary a diaper had been changed by him, I bit my tongue. Because I knew that first thing Monday morning, I’d find the kitchen sink emptied of dishes and a hot cup of coffee waiting for me. We had a rhythm — finally.
Making things feel more even in the home branched out beyond chores and baby responsibilities into the day-to-day of life. Before we had a baby, my hubby and I were both very social and liked to go out together and separately with our friends. From happy hours to concerts and movies, there was usually something up at least every other week. And we used to be able to set this up so that we were both out on the same nights and spent the other ones home together. Now that we’re parents, we have to go back-and forth.
When we were keeping score, Mommy was angrily batting a zero as Daddy headed from the office to the local pub when it suited him, since he knew the babe was taken care of and that was that. I knew I “could” have a girls’ night if I wanted one, but the timing and scheduling never seemed to work out. Every time he took a deserved night to himself, I was pissed off instead of happy for him.
Once we had our chat about making things more even, an unspoken understanding surfaced between us. He still goes out, but then he prompts me to next. He proactively creates the opportunity for me to meet up with a friend the following week, instead of throwing his hands up in the air and just saying, “Well, you can go out whenever you want to!” which we moms know is total BS.
And it goes for spending, too. Since he works outside the home and I make a much smaller income freelancing, we used to bicker about the spending. As he was earning, he had free reign to splurge on things he needed, and I was always too nervous or stressed to ask if I wanted something outside the usual expenditures. Learning how to create new boundaries of fairness so that we both get out what we’re putting in also means financially. My husband recently went on an extravagant golf weekend with his buddies, so I get the next fun splurge, and we planned it all ahead to eliminate any stress on the budget.
Now that my husband and I have thrown away the score card, our marriage is so much better. It isn’t about who did or spent exactly what and in turn, what the other one will do and spend. The fact is, parenting is messy stuff. No matter who is the primary caretaker or how the chores are broken down, one person will always be putting out a bit more on a given day or in a given year. But by giving each other the breaks we need and pitching in evenly at home, my husband and I have found a happy place. Our communication is better and the bickering is way down.
There will always be Sundays where I look at him and wonder why in the hell he hasn’t gotten off the couch for the past three hours, and he will never understand the price tag attached to my hair highlights, but we trust each other to be reasonable and we create the space and small joys the other one needs when they need it. We might not be perfect, but I’m happy with our score.

Events for July 28, 2018 – Pottery, Canvas Painting, & Glass Fusing | Aran's Art Studio | Castro Valley, Bay Area, CA
Our adult Canvas & Wine Events are the perfect way to enjoy a night out with friends and family. Sign up to enjoy a fun night by yourself or with a group. You'll start with a trendy 16" by 20" canvas art pattern and all the supplies needed to complete a canvas of your own....
Late Night happens every second Friday and last Saturday of the month. Adults 18 & up. Come in sing karaoke with Eva, create amazing art and make new friends.

Inside the impressive flint knapped building that is Acre Wood Nursery School you’ll find a bustling atmosphere with fun and laughter of children enjoying their day. At Acre Wood we understand that your child care needs are unique to each child with their own personality and special gifts. Children are encouraged to grow and develop at their own pace in fun and exciting surroundings.
Caring for, educating and entertaining children aged six weeks to five years, five days a week. Our extensive facilities, both indoors and out have everything your growing child needs.
Savas Ksiros has appealed to the Magistrate’s Court of Piraeus asking for the cessation of his penalty, so that he may be treated in the ACHEPA Hospital of Thessaloniki, which accepts to treat him. He pleads a number of doctors’ opinions (in their majority from public hospitals), as well as the decision published on 9th September 2010 by the European Court of Human Rights. The European Court of Human Rights condemned Greece for “inhuman behaviour” in violation of article 3 in the Human Rights declaration.
The evidence of the doctors’ records included in the appeal creates the image of a prisoner condemned to slow death:
Bearing in mind all the above problems, the European Court of Human Rights charges the Magistrate’s Court of Piraeus that it deliberately adopted only one of the four doctors’ records, so as to reject the previous appeal for ceasing the penalty (the other three doctors, two of whom forensic surgeons, had expressed the opinion that only in a specialized hospital under constant care and treatment would there be a hope of stopping the continuous deterioration of Savas Ksiros’ health).
In fact, the European Court of Human Rights condemned the Greek state for it applies on Savas Ksiros revengeful methods of detention, refusing to give him the opportunity of having the multiple health problems he faces treated. They judged that “his being accepted to a specialized medical centre for the period demanded by the nature of his medical treatment could prove crucial for the improvement of his health”.
The doctors’ opinions show that particularly his eye situation continually deteriorates. Thanks to the cruelty of the Greek state he has total blindness on one eye and the other is at risk of losing sight too. Unless there is immediate treatment in a specialized hospital, the situation will become irretrievable.
The enforced stay in prison of a man with the problems of Savas Ksiros is in itself inhuman behaviour. It could only be explained as a means of revenge on the part of the Greek state to a prisoner of “special nature”.
As a first step his appeal to have his penalty ceased should be accepted so that he may be treated in the state hospital that accepts him.

Ass of nasty teen burns when strong dude pushes there his mighty dick and makes her moan - szex filmek ingyen

US5136413A (en) 1992-08-04 Imaging and illumination system with aspherization and aberration correction by phase steps
US5673102A (en) 1997-09-30 Image farming and microdevice manufacturing method and exposure apparatus in which a light source includes four quadrants of predetermined intensity
US20090185156A1 (en) 2009-07-23 Exposure method and apparatus, and method for fabricating device with light amount distribution having light larger in first and second pairs of areas
B25J3/04—Manipulators of master-slave type, i.e. both controlling unit and controlled unit perform corresponding spatial movements involving servo mechanisms
B25J9/10—Programme-controlled manipulators characterised by positioning means for manipulator elements
B25J9/104—Programme-controlled manipulators characterised by positioning means for manipulator elements with cables, chains or ribbons
A61B17/3462—Trocars; Puncturing needles with means for changing the diameter or the orientation of the entrance port of the cannula, e.g. for use with different-sized instruments, reduction ports, adapter seals
A61B2017/00986—Malecots, e.g. slotted tubes, of which the distal end is pulled to deflect side struts
A61B2017/0645—Surgical staples, i.e. penetrating the tissue being elastically deformed for insertion
A61B2017/0648—Surgical staples, i.e. penetrating the tissue having one single leg, e.g. tacks threaded, e.g. tacks with a screw thread
A61B2017/2927—Details of heads or jaws the angular position of the head being adjustable with respect to the shaft
A61B2090/365—Correlation of different images or relation of image positions in respect to the body augmented reality, i.e. correlating a live optical image with another image
A61B5/0082—Detecting, measuring or recording for diagnostic purposes; Identification of persons using light, e.g. diagnosis by transillumination, diascopy, fluorescence adapted for particular medical purposes
A61B5/0084—Detecting, measuring or recording for diagnostic purposes; Identification of persons using light, e.g. diagnosis by transillumination, diascopy, fluorescence adapted for particular medical purposes for introduction into the body, e.g. by catheters
A remote control flexible instrument system, employing a shaft which supports a tool, is described in which the has proximal and distal ends with at least a portion thereof extending through a lumen of the human body so as to locate the shaft at an internal target site. A master station including an input device provides control of the instrument situated at a slave station. The master station can control at least one degree-of-freedom of the flexible instrument. A controller intercouples the master and slave stations and is operated in accordance with a computer algorithm that receives a command from the input device for controlling at least one degree-of-freedom of the catheter so as to respond in accordance with action at the input device. The flexible instrument further comprises a controlled flexible segment along the shaft, for controlled bending at the flexible segment to guide the shaft and to dispose the tool at an operative site.
This application is a continuation-in-part of and claims the benefit of priority from U.S. application Ser. No. 09/827,503, filed Apr. 6, 2001 now U.S. Pat. No. 6,432,112, which is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 09/746,853, filed Dec. 21, 2000 now U.S. Pat. No. 6,692,485, which is a divisional of U.S. application Ser. No. 09/375,666, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,197,017, filed Aug. 17, 1999, which is a continuation of U.S. application Ser. No. 09/028,550 filed Feb. 24, 1998, now abandoned. This application is also a continuation-in-part of and claims the benefit of priority from U.S. application Ser. No. 09/783,637, filed Feb. 14, 2001 now abandoned, which is a continuation of PCT/US00/12553 filed May 9, 2000, which claims the benefit of priority of U.S. provisional patent application Ser. No. 60/133,407, filed May 10, 1999, now abandoned. This application is also a continuation-in-part of and claims the benefit of priority from PCT/US01/11376 filed Apr. 6, 2001 which claims priority to U.S. application Ser. Nos. 09/746,853 filed Dec. 21, 2000 now U.S. Pat. No. 6,692,485 and 09/827,503 filed Apr. 6, 2001. This application is also a continuation-in-part of and claims the benefit of priority from U.S. application Ser. Nos. 09/746,853 filed Dec. 21, 2000 and 09/827,503 filed Apr. 6, 2001. This application is also a continuation-in-part of and claims the benefit of priority from U.S. application Ser. No. 09/827,643 filed Apr. 6, 2001 which claims priority to, inter alia, U.S. provisional application Ser. No. 60/257,869 filed Dec. 21, 2000 and U.S. provisional application Ser. No. 60/195,264 filed Apr. 7, 2000 and is also a continuation-in-part of PCT/US00/12553 filed May 9, 2000 from which U.S. application Ser. No. 09/783,637 filed Feb. 14, 2001 claims priority.
This application also claims the benefit of priority under 35 U.S.C. §§119 and 120 to U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/293,346 filed May 24, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/279,087, filed Mar. 27, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/313,496 filed Aug. 21, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/313,497 filed Aug. 21, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/313,495 filed Aug. 21, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/269,203 filed Feb. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/269,200 filed Feb. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/276,151 filed Mar. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/276,217 filed Mar. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/276,086 filed Mar. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/276,152 filed Mar. 15, 2001, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/257,816 filed Dec. 21, 2000, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/257,868 filed Dec. 21, 2000, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/257,867 filed Dec. 21, 2000, U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/257,869 filed Dec. 21, 2000.
The disclosures of all of the foregoing applications and U.S. Pat. No. 6,197,017 are all incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.
The present invention relates in general to a remote controlled flexible instrument comprising a flexible shaft, for introduction into a body cavity or body vessel to perform a medical procedure.
Catheters are used extensively in the medical field in various types of procedures, including invasive procedures. Minimally invasive surgery involves operating through small incisions, through which instruments are inserted. These incisions are typically 5 mm to 10 mm in length. Minimally invasive surgery is typically less traumatic than conventional surgery, due, in part, to the significant reduction in incision size. Furthermore, hospitalization is reduced and recovery periods shortened as compared with conventional surgery techniques. Catheters may be tailored to a particular size or form, depending on the incision and the size of the body cavity or lumen.
Due to the small size of the incision, the bulk of the surgery is not visible. Although the surgeon can have visual feedback from the surgical site via a video camera or endoscope inserted into the patient, or via radiological imaging or ultrasonic scanning, the ability to control the relatively simple laparoscopic instruments remains difficult. Even with good visual feedback, the surgeon's tactile and positional senses are physically removed from the operative site, rendering endoscopic procedures slow and clumsy.
Current instrumentation, with forceps, scissors, etc., inserted into the body at the end of long slender push rods is not fully satisfactory. The use of such conventional instrumentation increases operative time, and potentially heightens risk. For example, tissue may be injured when the laparoscopic tool moves outside the visual field. Moreover, there are limitations on the type and complexity of procedures that may be performed laparoscopically due, in part, to the limitations on the instruments that are used.
Development work has been undertaken to investigate the use of robotic work in surgery. Typically, these robotic systems use arms that reach over the surgical table and manipulate surgical instruments. The known robotic systems are large, clumsy to operate and relatively expensive to manufacture. The presence of a robot at the surgical site is problematic particularly when the robot is large and may impede access to the patient during surgery.
The present invention features, at least in part, an improved, remote controlled surgical system that does not impede access to the patient during surgery, yet is simple to operate. The present invention provides a surgical instrument system particularly adapted for a variety of medical procedures, including minimally invasive surgery.
One aspect of the present invention provides a surgical instrument comprising a shaft having at least one controllably flexible segment and a tool mounted at a distal end of the shaft. The tool is insertable into a subject. The instrument further comprises a shaft mount drivably coupled to the shaft at a proximal end of the shaft where the shaft mount is then drivably coupled to the tool through the shaft. The instrument also comprises a drive unit drivably coupled to the shaft mount. The drive unit is operable from a location remote from the subject to control flexure of the flexible segment so as to control disposition of the tool at an operative site.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a remotely controllable surgical instrument comprising a user input device for inputting a command. A slave station receives the command from the input device. The user input device is remotely disposed from the slave station. The slave station further comprises a mechanically drivable mechanism comprising a shaft having a proximal end, a distal end supporting a tool and a flexible portion between the proximal and distal ends. An electronic signal link is between the user input device and the slave station receives a the command from the input device being communicated via the link, for controlling bending of the flexible portion so as to controllably position the tool at an operative an site of a subject.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a remotely controllable catheter comprising a tube having a proximal end and a distal end. At least a segment of the tube is controllably flexible. The catheter also comprises a drivable bending mechanism mechanically coupled to and interactive with a controllably flexible segment of the tube. A computer remote from and interconnected to the bending mechanism has a computer for receiving input from the user. The program directs the bending mechanism to controllably flex the flexible segment of the tool according to the user input.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a catheter comprising a shaft having proximal and distal ends and at least one flexible segment along a length of the shaft. The distal end is insertable within a body cavity or a vessel. A tool is supported at the distal end of the shaft for performing a medical procedure. At least two cables extend along the shaft between the proximal and distal ends. At least one of the cables is associated with the flexible segment to the shaft and at least another of the cables is associated with a tool. An electronic control mechanism is drivably coupled to the cables where the electronic control mechanism is capable of communicating drive signals from a user input device to the cable to affect bending of the flexible segment and operation of the tool.
One aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising disposable mechanically drivable mechanism drivably coupled to a tool via a disposable shaft for insertion into a body vessel or cavity along a selected length of the shaft. The tool is operable to carry out a medical procedure and the shaft is disposable together with the mechanically drivable mechanism. A receiver receives a mechanically drivable mechanism. The medical device further comprises a drive unit coupled to the receiver.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising a disposable implement comprising a disposable flexible shaft supporting a tool at its distal end for insertion into a subject, and a disposable first drive interface drivably coupled with a tool to the shaft. The medical device further comprises a second drive interface, for drivably coupling the disposable implement with a drive unit. The second drive interface is drivably engageable with a disposable implement via the first drive interface.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a disposable medical device comprising a disposable flexible shaft having a proximal end and a distal end. A disposable mechanically drivable interface is connected to the proximal end of the shaft. A tool is mounted at the distal end of the shaft. The device further comprises at least one disposable cable drivably interconnected between the mechanically drivable interface in the tool. The mechanically drivable interface is interconnected to a remotely disposed electronic control mechanism which controls drive operation of the device.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a disposable electronically controlled surgical instrument comprising a disposable flexible elongated shaft having a proximal end and a distal end on which is mounted a tool. The proximal end of the shaft is connected to a mechanically drivable interface. The disposable shaft includes at least one disposable cable drivably interconnected between the mechanically drivable interface and the tool. The mechanically drivable interface is interconnected to a remotely disposed electronic control mechanism which controls drive operation of the device.
One aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising a flexible guide shaft having a distal end disposed at a predetermined location in the subject. The device comprises a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end a tool. The inner shaft is insertable into the guide shaft so as to dispose a tool at an operative site. The device further comprises a drive unit coupled to the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool. The drive unit is remote controllably drivable by a user via a manually controllable device.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising a flexible inner shaft inserted within a flexible guide shaft. A tool is disposed at a distal end of the inner shaft for insertion into a subject. A drive unit is coupled with an inner shaft and a guide shaft independently. The drive unit is capable of independently effecting movement of each shaft to at least one degree of freedom. A user input interface is remote from the drive unit, where the input inference face is for remote controllably manipulating the inner and guide shaft.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising a flexible guide shaft having a distal end disposed at a predetermined location in a subject. A flexible disposable inner shaft has a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end a tool. The inner shaft is insertable to the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site. The drive unit is coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool and controlled deformation of one or more flexible portions of the inner shaft. The drive unit is remote controllably drivable by the user via a manually controllable device. The proximal end of the inner shaft includes a mechanically operative element drivably couplable to the drive unit. The mechanically operative element is disposable together with the tool as a unit.
One aspect of the present invention provides a medical device comprising a mechanically drivable mechanism coupled with a shaft including a flexible segment, where a distal end of the shaft supports a tool insertion into a subject. A drive unit is coupled with a mechanically drivable mechanism and disposed remotely from the sterile field. The drive unit is for intercoupling drive from the drive unit to the drivable mechanism. The drive unit is capable of activating the flexible segment via the mechanically drivable mechanism for actuation of the tool and positioning of the tool at the operative site within the subject.
Another aspect of the present invention provides an apparatus for use in a body cavity or vessel comprising a catheter having a proximal end and a distal end for placement in the body cavity or vessel. A tool is positioned at the distal end of the catheter. A flexible segment is positioned between the distal and proximal ends of the catheter. Cables extend from a drive unit through the flexible segment. The drive unit is operable from a remote site and capable of bending the flexible segment via the cables for actuation of the tool.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a remotely driven surgical instrument comprising an elongate flexible shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting a surgical tool. The shaft is insertable into a subject for disposition of the tool at an operative site of the subject. An electronically controllable drive unit is mounted in a location remote from the subject. The remote drive unit includes one or more motors drivably interconnected to the proximal end of a flexible shaft by one or more motor driven cables, which are readily drivably interconnectable to and disconnectable from the proximal end of the flexible shaft.
One aspect of the present invention provides a robotic medical system comprising a flexible instrument having flexible and distal ends with at least one flexible segment extending through a lumen of the human body. The at least one flexible segment is controllably bendable so as to locate a distal end of the shaft at an internal target site. A tool is carried at the distal end of the shaft for performing a procedure. A master station includes an input device. A slave station includes a receiver for the catheter for controlling through the receiver at least one degree of freedom of the catheter. A controller is coupled between the master station and the slave station and is operated in accordance with computer algorithm that receives a command from the input device and for controlling the at least one degree of freedom of the catheter so as to respond in accordance with action at the input device.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a method of remotely controlling a catheter comprising providing a flexible shaft having a distal end supporting a tool. The shaft includes at least one controlled flexible segment about the distal end capable of controlled vending for positioning the tool at an operative site. The method comprises inserting the shaft into an anatomic lumen where the flexible shaft is adapted to conform to the configuration of the anatomic lumen. The method comprises mechanically driving, via a drive unit, a cabling system extending through the shaft and the at least one flexible segment. The at least one controlled flexible segment is activated by operating the drive unit from a location remote from the shaft so as to affect bending of the at least one flexible segment and thereby effect positioning of the tool to a target site.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a flexible instrument system comprising a flexible shaft having a proximal end and a distal end. The distal end supports a tool. The shaft is insertable into a subject so as to dispose the tool at an operative site. A mechanically drivable mechanism is disposed at the proximal end of the shaft. The mechanically drivable mechanism is capable of offering the tool via at least one flexible segment positioned along the shaft. A receiver is supported in a fixed portion of the subject for receiving and storing the shaft via the mechanically drivable mechanism in a position to maintain the tool at the operative site. A computation system receives electrical control signals from a user input device for controlling the shaft.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a flexible instrument system comprising a medical implement having sufficient flexibility along a length thereof so as to at least flex and conform to a pathway in an anatomic vessel or cavity as the implement is inserted therein. The medical implement comprises a tool for performing a medical procedure and a flexible shaft having proximal and distal ends. The shaft supports the tool at the distal end and is insertable go into a subject so as to dispose the tool at an operative site via controlled bending of at least one flexible segment positioned along the shaft. The medical implement also comprises a mechanically drivable mechanism disposed at the proximal end of the shaft. The system comprises a drive unit intercoupled with a medical implement and includes at least a first cable intercoupled with a tool and at least a second cable intercoupled with a shaft for controlling a bend at the at least one flexible segment.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a flexible instrument system comprising a drive unit for controlling operation of a medical implement. A mechanical actuation system extends from the drive unit. The medical implement has sufficient flexibility to conform to a pathway in an anatomic vessel or cavity as the implement inserted therein. The medical implement comprises a flexible shaft having proximal and distal ends where the flexible shaft is insertable into a subject so as to dispose the distal end at an operative site. The shaft further comprises at least one controlled flexible segment actuating a controlled bend. The medical implement also comprises a mechanically drivable mechanism disposed at a proximal end of the flexible shaft.
One aspect of the present invention provides a system for preparing a cardiac valve comprising a flexible guide shaft extending from a site outside a patient to an area about the cardiac valve. A flexible inner shaft supports at its distal end a remotely controlled tool for performing a cardiac repair procedure. The inner shaft is received in the guide shaft for disposing the tool at the area about the cardiac valve. A retainer is positioned at the area of the cardiac valve. The retainer is attached to an annulus of the cardiac valve and is closable via the tool to draw the annulus into a smaller diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides the method of repairing a mitral valve of the heart. The method comprises extending a guide shaft from a site outside the patient to a site adjacent the mitral valve. The method comprises inserting a fiber through the guide shaft and securing the fiber about an annulus of the mitral valve while the heart is beating. The securing step includes introducing through the guide shaft a flexible inner shaft having a remotely controlled distal tool for securing the fiber about the annulus leaving opposite ends of the fiber exposed. The method for this comprises applying a force to the fiber ends so as to draw the annulus into a tighter diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a system for remotely repairing a cardiac valve comprising a guide catheter extending through an area of the human body where a distal end of the guide catheter is disposed at an area about the cardiac valve. A fiber extends about a diameter of an annulus of the cardiac valve. The fiber is engaged with a diameter of the annulus and capable of drying the annulus to a smaller diameter. The system comprises a flexible working catheter received by the guide catheter, where the working catheter includes a tool engageable with a fiber. A remote manipulator is controlled from a site remote from the body, for controlling the tool.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a method of repairing a mitral valve of the heart, comprising extending a guide shaft from a site outside the patient to a site about the mitral valve. The method comprises providing a ring of a first diameter where the ring is deformable and capable of matching a desired predetermined diameter of an annulus of the mitral valve. The ring is engaged with a guide shaft via a flexible inner shaft received by the guide shaft. The ring is secured about the mitral valve annulus while the heart is beating. The securing step includes engaging the ring about a circumference of the annulus via a remotely controlled tool supported at a distal end of the inner shaft. The annulus is drawn into the predetermined diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a method of repairing a cardiac valve comprising providing a balloon supported on a catheter. A plurality of peripherally disposed anchor pins is supported from an outer surface of the lumen where the anchor pins are tethered to each other. The balloon is passed in a deflated state to an area about the cardiac valve. The method comprises inflating the balloon to thrust the anchor pins into an annulus of the cardiac valve. The tether is tightened to pull the peripherally disposed pins into a smaller diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a method for repairing a cardiac valve comprising providing a balloon and supporting and passing the balloon in a deflated state to an area about the cardiac valve. A plurality of peripherally disposed anchor pins is disposed and arranged about an outer surface of the balloon. A tether is provided for intercoupling the anchor pins. The balloon is inflated once it is positioned at the area about the cardiac valve, to thrust the anchor pins into a ring defining a base of the cardiac valve. A tether is tightened to pull the peripherally disposed pins into a smaller diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a system for remotely repairing a cardiac valve comprising a flexible guide shaft extending to an area of the human body so as to locate a distal end thereof at an area about the cardiac valve. A delivery member, for supporting an array of securing pieces at a distal end thereof, extends through the flexible guide member. The array of securing pieces is intercoupled by a cable. A remote manipulator is controlled from a slight remote from the body, for controlling the delivery member to expel the securing pieces in sequence about the cardiac valve annulus as the valve is functioning. The remote manipulator is capable of controlling a tightening of the cable to draw the annulus into a smaller diameter.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a flexible instrument system for repairing an anatomic body part comprising a shaft having sufficient flexibility along the length thereof so as to readily flex and conform to a pathway in the anatomy as the shaft is inserted therein. A drivable mechanism is disposed at a flexible end of the shaft controlling a tool supported at a distal end of the shaft. The shaft is insertable into a subject so as to dispose the distal end of the shaft at an internal site of an anatomical body part. A retainer is attached to an annulus at the anatomic body part where the retainer is closable so as to draw the annulus into a smaller diameter.
Numerous other objects, features and advantageous of the invention should now become apparent upon a reading of the following detailed description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which:
FIG. 1 is a simplified block diagram illustrating basic components of a system constructed in accordance with the present invention;
FIG. 3 is a schematic diagram illustrating one embodiment of the present invention in which the flexible instrument system includes multiple separate nested catheters;
FIGS. 3A-3C illustrate different forms of catheter control in according with aspects of the present invention;
FIG. 4 is an illustrative diagram showing the use of the catheter of the present invention in connection with mitral valve repair;
FIG. 5 is schematic diagram of the catheter system of the present invention as deployed through the urethra for a surgical procedure in the bladder;
FIG. 6 is a perspective view of one embodiment of a system embodying the catheter apparatus of the present invention;
FIG. 8 is an enlarged view of a portion of the catheter apparatus particularly at the distal end section thereof;
FIG. 10 is a cross-sectional view through the catheter apparatus as the distal end section thereof, as taken along line 10-10 of FIG. 7;
FIG. 11 is a cross-sectional view similar to that illustrated in FIG. 9 for an alternate embodiment of the invention depicting dual-direction flexing;
FIG. 12 is one design of tool construction in accordance with the present invention employing inner and outer catheters and inner and outer cables;
FIG. 15 is a block diagram of further details of the controller particularly details of the module board;
FIG. 17 is a schematic diagram illustrating one mechanism for providing mitral valve repair employing a ring mechanism;
FIG. 18 illustrates schematically the concept of the present invention in connection with mitral valve repair;
FIG. 20 illustrates further detail of the mitral valve construction as well as the catheter and tool used in the procedure;
FIG. 21 is a more detailed cross-sectional drawing of the portion of the mechanical member, particularly the means for tightening the retaining means;
FIG. 23 is a schematic illustration of a section of the mitral valve ring showing the fiber and the securing of one end of the fiber;
FIG. 28 is a schematic illustration showing the mitral valve construction and a mechanical member for retaining and tightening;
FIG. 29 is schematic diagram of another technique for mitral valve repair employing a wire to be tightened like a lasso;
FIG. 30 is a schematic diagram illustrating a catheter and tool construction containing a tether cable and anchor elements within the inner catheter;
FIG. 32 illustrates the mitral valve construction as well as the staple apparatus and technique of the present invention;
FIG. 38 illustrates another version in accordance with the invention employing a balloon with the balloon in a deflated state;
FIG. 39 schematically represents portions of the heart muscle and the positioning of the balloon relative to the mitral valve;
FIG. 44 is a partially broken away rear elevational view of the interlocking modules as seen along line 44-44 of FIG. 42;
FIG. 45 is a cross-sectional side view through the interconnecting modules and as taken along line 45-45 of FIG. 42;
FIG. 46 is a cross-sectional plan view through the instrument module taken along line 46-46 of FIG. 45;
FIG. 47 is a cross-sectional plan view taken through the base module of the system of FIG. 42, and as taken along line 47-47 of FIG. 45;
FIG. 48B is a fragmentary plan view of a drive wheel engagement slot by itself as taken along line 48B-48B of FIG. 48A; and
FIG. 49 is a schematic perspective view showing mechanical cabling between the drive unit and the flexible instrument system.
The present invention provides a system for remotely controlling a flexible instrument for use in medical applications, typically for operative or other medical procedures. The flexible instrument comprises a shaft or a tube of sufficient dimensions for passing through a small incision or natural body lumen or cavity and ultimately, for positioning a distal end of the shaft within the body at an internal target (operative) site. The flexible instrument can also support a tool at its distal end to allow more intricate medical procedures. A user or surgeon can control the position of the shaft from a master station, allowing operation from another part of the operating room, or even from another room or another building. In one aspect of the invention, the shaft can comprise one or more flexible segments, which a user can controllably bend, providing finer control in directing the shaft toward the target site. The control can result in, for example, a deflection or turning of the shaft, for guiding this shaft through or within various body cavities or lumens. The controllable bending is also useful for more precise positioning of a distal end of the flexible instrument at a desired operative site.
Preferably, the flexible instrument is used to perform minimally invasive procedures. “Minimally invasive procedure,” refers herein to a surgical procedure in which a surgeon operates through small cut or incision, the small incision being sufficiently necessary to access the operative site. In one embodiment, the incision length ranges from 1 mm to 20 mm in diameter, preferably from 5 mm to 10 mm in diameter. This procedure contrasts those procedures requiring a large cut to access the operative site. Thus, the flexible instrument is preferably used for insertion through such small incisions and/or through a natural body lumen or cavity, if necessary, so as to locate the catheter at an internal target site for a particular surgical or medical procedure. Examples of such minimally invasive procedures include intravascular procedures, such as the repair of a cardiac valve. The introduction of the flexible instrument into the anatomy may be by percutaneous or surgical access to a lumen or vessel, or by introduction through a natural orifice in the anatomy.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram schematically illustrating the three main components of the remote control system of the present invention. A surgeon or user can input control actuations at master station 1, typically through an input device (not shown). Slave station 3 is separate and remote from the master station and controls the motion of the flexible instrument, in accordance with the user input from master station 1. Master station 1 and slave station 3 may be in relatively close proximity to each other, such as in the same operating room, or can be displaced from each other by miles. Controller 2 provides a telecommunications or electronic communications link coupled between the master station and the slave station. Controller 2 typically includes a computer. Controller 2 receives a command from the input device of master station 1 and relays this command to slave station 3.
FIG. 6 is a schematic of the remote control system of the present invention. The system includes: (1) A master station comprising a user interface or surgeon's interface 11; (2) A slave station comprising a flexible instrument including shaft 30 which supports tool 18. Shaft 30 is connected to and is controllable from mechanically drivable mechanism 26, which in turn is engageably received by receiver 24, both of which are mechanically driven by drive unit 13, (alternatively mechanical drive 13); and (3) a controller or computation system 12 to translate a user's commands from user interface 11 to drive unit 13, which then drives the articulations of shaft 30 and tool 18. FIG. 6 illustrates a system where a user or surgeon can control shaft 30 and tool 18 by manipulating interface handles 30A of user interface 11. The movement of handle 30A causes responsive movement of tool 18 through the coordinating action of computation system 12. For example, tool 18 can be a pair of graspers, scissors, staplers, etc. and manipulation of handle 30A can cause the jaws of tool 18 to open and close.
Surgeon's interface 11 is in electrical communication with computing system 12, which is, in turn, in electrical communication with drive unit 13. In one embodiment, drive unit 13 comprises a plurality of motors. The drive unit 13 is in mechanical communication with shaft 30 via conduit 23, which houses a plurality of mechanical cables driven by the plurality of motors in drive unit 13. In one embodiment, drive unit 13 is solely in mechanical communication with shaft 30. Because of the mechanical communication with shaft 30, the electromechanical components in drive unit 13 are disposed in an area remote from the operative site, and preferably in an area outside the sterile field. Preferably, objects that are difficult to sterilize, e.g. motors or electromechanical components, are kept at a sufficient distance from the patient to avoid contamination. This distance is readily ascertainable by doctors, nurses, and other appropriate medical professionals. In one embodiment, the sterile field has the rest surface of the operating table as its lower boundary. Thus, drive unit 13 is preferably located below the plane of the sterile field, i.e. below the rest surface of the operating table. The patient or subject may be further protected from drive unit 13 with a sterile barrier, such as a sterile cloth. With respect to the drive unit, such as drive unit 13 in FIG. 6, reference is made to co-pending provisional application No. 60/279,087, which is incorporated by reference herein. In accordance with the system of FIG. 6, all of the drive motors in drive unit 13 are disposed away from the sterile field and thus the need for a sterile barrier is eliminated. Furthermore, since all of the motors and electronics are within a single, self-contained unit, design, testing and manufacturing of the system is greatly simplified.
Accordingly, one aspect of the present invention provides a drive unit capable of remotely driving articulation of a flexible instrument, where the drive unit is remote from the subject and the flexible instrument. The slave station of the present invention employs, to a large part, a mechanical arrangement that is effected remotely and includes mechanical cables and flexible conduits coupling to a remote motor drive unit. This provides the advantage that the instrument is purely mechanical and does not need to be contained within a sterile barrier. The instrument may be autoclaved, gas sterilized or disposed in total or in part.
In FIG. 6, drive unit 13 mechanically drives the flexible instrument (comprising shaft 30 and tool 18) through conduit 23, receiver 24 and mechanically drivable mechanism 26 (alternatively known as mechanically drivable interface or shaft mount). Conduit 23 houses a plurality of separate mechanical cables to mechanically connect drive unit 13 with receiver 24. The mechanical cables physically contact and drive the motions of shaft 30 and tool 18. Conduit 23 is engageable and disengageable with drive unit 13, i.e. attachable and detachable (see discussion of FIG. 49, below). Although two conduits 23 are depicted here, it is understood that more or fewer conduits may be used, depending on the particular application. In one embodiment, drive unit 13 comprises a plurality of motors, which drive the mechanical cables extending through conduit 23 and terminating at receiver 24. Receiver 24 interlockably receives mechanically drivable interface 26, which engages a separate set of cables extending through shaft 30 and at least one cable line operating tool 18. Thus, engaging drivable interface 26 with receiver 24 provides a mechanical (physical) connection from drive unit 13 to control certain motions of shaft 30 and tool 18. Receiver 24, which is supported by a carriage, is capable of moving along a linear path represented by the arrow 22 via rails 25.
Cables in conduit 23 also mechanically drives the translation of receiver 24 along rails 25. The rails, and thus the linear translation extend at an acute angle with respect to the operating table, as well as the subject. This angular arrangement disposes the flexible instrument system in a convenient position over the patient. This arrangement also minimizes the number of components that operate within the sterile field, as drive unit 13 is maintained at a location remote from the sterile field.
FIG. 49 shows a schematic perspective view of the cabling pathway for mechanically coupling one of an array of motors of a drive unit with a tool supported on a distal end of a shaft. In general, the cabling pathway comprising a plurality of mechanical cables extends from the drive unit to the receiver. Another separate set of mechanical cables connects the mechanically drivable mechanism, situated at a proximal end of the shaft, to the tool and any controlled flexible segments positioned along the shaft. Interlocking the receiver with the mechanically drivable mechanism results in connecting the two separate sets of mechanical cables, thereby extending the cabling pathway from the drive unit to the distal end of the shaft. Thus, each of the mechanically drivable mechanism and the receiver can be considered as a coupler, which interlocks or couples with each other.
More specifically, FIG. 49 shows drive motor 675 positioned within a drive unit, such as drive unit 13 of FIG. 6. The first cabling pathway comprises a set of cabling, which engages with and extends from drive motor 675 through idler pulley 682. The cables continue through idler pulleys 630 and 632 to drive wheel 622, which resides in receiver 506 (equivalent to receiver 24 of FIG. 6). A second separate set of cables extends about the drive wheel 624, guided by cam 626 and continues through flexible instrument shaft 528. Tool 534 links to shaft 528 via joint 601, which provides a wrist pivot about axis 532 in the direction of arrows J4. The two separate sets of cables are interlocked by interlocking drive wheel 622 of receiver 506 with drive wheel 624 of mechanically drivable mechanism 526 (equivalent to drivable mechanism 26 of FIG. 6). Specifically, the interlocking involves slotting a blade 606 into a corresponding slot within wheel 624 (see further discussion of FIG. 43 below).
In one embodiment, the interlocking mechanism can comprise a magnetic attachment, where a first series of magnets in the mechanically drivable mechanism interacts with a second series of magnets in the receiver. Each series of magnets can couple with the mechanical cables.
FIG. 49 also shows the output of motor 675 at a coupler pulley 677, which is adapted to rotate with an output shaft of the motor. The rotational arrow 680 indicates this rotation.
For the sake of simplicity, FIG. 49 only illustrates one cabling pathway. It can be appreciated that several other cabling pathways can be constructed and arranged to control other motions of the shaft and tool through other motors of the drive unit.
Regarding the interface 11, computer system 12 and drive unit 13, reference is also made to co-pending application PCT Serial No. PCT/US00/12553 filed May 9, 2000, and U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/279,087 filed Mar. 27, 2001, both of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety.
A more detailed discussion of the master station, the slave station and computation system or controller 12 is provided below.
FIG. 2 schematically depicts the components of master station 1. Master station 1 can include any one or a combination of input devices A-E and a display F. Input device A is a point-and-touch device. Input device B is a computer mouse. Input device C is a pointing device that may employ a pen or stylus. Input device D is a joystick. Input device E is a hand interface, that provides finer control of the shaft, or a tool positioned at the distal end of the shaft.
In one embodiment, input device E features handles that control the motion of the shaft and a tool. Referring back to FIG. 6, the master station features input device 11 comprising handles 30A. Handles 30A are held by the surgeon, who can then torque, translate or rotate catheter member 30 and tool 18 by performing the corresponding motions on handles 30A. A rotation of a handle 30A via rotation of the surgeon's hand can control rotation of, for example, the outer shaft 32 about the co-axis. Flexing or bending of flexible section 42 can be controlled by the surgeon flexing his hand at the wrist and activating flex cable 52, as shown in FIG. 8 (see discussion of FIG. 8, below). A surgeon can manipulate tool 18 by, for example, closing and opening the jaws of handles 30A to simulate opening and closing of jaws of tool 18.
Reference may also be made to copending application Ser. No. 10/008,457, filed of even date herewith, which discloses other details of a master station input device (master positioner) that may be used in carrying out the control described herein.
Display F provides a direct video image of the site surrounding the distal end of the shaft. An endoscope supporting a camera is inserted into the body of a subject, providing the video feed of the operative site. The camera can be mounted on or housed at the distal end of the shaft. The camera can provide a view of the operative site, or may be positioned away from the site to provide additional perspective on the surgical operation.
Other detection systems may be used for providing different images useful in assisting the surgeon in performing the medical procedure. Thus, various signals may be utilized in conjunction with or in alternative to the video image, such as ultrasound (echocardiography, Doppler ultrasound), angiography, electrophysiology, radiology or magnet resonance imaging (MRI). Also, an audio signal could be used for guiding the shaft. These detection techniques can be operated with the flexible instrument of the present invention to enhance guidance of the shaft to the site as well as manipulation at the site.
In association with the input devices of FIG. 2, there are various feedback techniques can be used for feeding certain parameters sensed at the slave station back to the master station. The following are parameters that may be sensed, including but not limited to:
As discussed previously, FIG. 6 illustrates a computer system 12, which interfaces the surgeon interface 11 and drive unit 13 of the slave station. The drive unit 13 contains a series of motors that control cables coupled by way of conduit 23 to control certain movements of the catheter apparatus. The controller 12, depicted in FIG. 6 essentially links the slave station to the surgeon interface. The user input device electronically sends commands, which are translated by the controller and sent to drive unit 13. Drive unit 13 then mechanically effects the motion of the shaft, particularly the flexible segment and the tool.
FIGS. 14 and 15 are block diagrams of an embodiment of a motor control system that may be employed in a drive unit of the present invention. Regarding the master station side, there is at least one position encoder associated with each of the degrees-of-motion or degrees-of-freedom. At least some of these motions are associated with a motor that may be represented by a combination of motor and encoder on a common shaft. Thus, controlling the motor ultimately controls such parameters as a force feedback to the master station. The present system can comprise a multiaxis, high performance motor control system, which can support anywhere from 8 to 64 axes simultaneously using either eight-bit parallel or pulse width modulated (PWM) signals. The motors themselves may be direct current, direct current brushless or stepper motors with a programmable digital filter/commutator. Each motor accommodates a standard incremental optical encoder.
The block diagram of FIG. 14 represents the basic components of the system. Host computer 700 is connected by digital bus 702 to interface board 704. Host computer 700 can be, for example, an Intel microprocessor based personal computer (PC) at a control station preferably running a Windows NT program communicating with the interface board 704 by way of a high-speed PCI bus 702 (5.0 KHz for eight channels to 700 Hz for 64 channels) The PC communicates with a multi-channel controller electronic card, providing up to 28 axes of motion control, each with a 1.5 kHz sampling rate. The controller is efficient, scalable and robust.
Communication cables 708 intercouple interface board 704 to eight separate module boards 706. Interface board 704 can be a conventional interface board for coupling signals between digital bus 702 and individual module boards 706. Each module board 706 includes four motion control circuits 710, as illustrated in FIG. 15. Each circuit 710 can be, for example, a Hewlett-Packard motion control integrated circuit, such as an IC identified as HCTL1100.
FIG. 15 depicts a further sub unit of this system, particularly a power amplifier sub unit 712. Power amplifier sub unit 712 is based on National Semiconductor's H-bridge power amplifier integrated circuits for providing PWM motor command signals. Power amplifier 712 is associated with each of the blocks 710, which couples to a motor X. Associated with motor X is encoder Y. Although the connections are not specifically set forth, it is understood that signals intercouple between block 710 and interface 704 as well as via bus 702 to host computer 700.
The motor control system may be implemented in two ways. In the first method the user may utilize the four types of control modes provided by the motor control sub unit 706: positional control; proportional velocity control; trapezoidal profile control; and integral velocity control. The use of any one of these modes can involve simply specifying desired positions or velocities for each motor, and necessary control actions are computed by motion control IC 710 of the motor control sub unit, thereby greatly reducing the complexity of the control system software. However, in the case where none of the onboard control modes are appropriate for the application, the user may choose the second method in which the servo motor control software is implemented at the PC control station. Appropriate voltage signal outputs for each motor are computed by the PC control station and sent to the motor control/power amplifier unit (706, 712). Even if the computation load is mostly placed on the PC control station's CPU, the use of high performance computers as well as high speed PCI bus for data transfer can overcome this problem.
FIG. 16 describes the overview of the control algorithm for the present invention, mapping out motions of the catheter to that of the surgeon's interface handle in three-dimensional space. Such precise mapping can create the feel of the tool being an extension of the surgeon's own hands. The control algorithm can assume that both the surgeon's interface as well as the catheter always starts at a predefined position and orientation, and once the system is started, it repeats a series of steps at every sampling. The predetermined positions and orientations, relate to the initial positioning at the master station.
First, the joint sensors (box 435), which are optical encoders in the present embodiment, of the surgeon's interface system are read, and via forward kinematics (box 410) computation of the interface system, the current positions (see line 429) and orientations (see line 427) of the interface handle can be performed. The translational motion of the surgeon's hand motion is scaled (box 425) whereas the orientations are kept identical, resulting in desired positions (see line 432) and orientations (see line 434) of the catheter's tool. The results are then inputted into the inverse kinematics algorithms for the catheter's tool, and finally the necessary joint angles and insertion length of the catheter system are determined. The motor controller (box 420) then commands the corresponding motors to positions such that the desired joint angles and insertion length are achieved.
FIG. 16 provides an initial start position for the handle, indicated at box 440. The output of box 440 couples to a summation device 430. The output of device 430 couples to scale box 425. Initial handle position 440 is established by first positioning the handles at the master station so as to establish an initial master station handle orientation in three dimensional space. Initial handle position 440 is then compared to the current handle position at device 430. The output from device 430 is then scaled by box 425 to provide the desired tool position on line 432 coupled to the catheter inverse kinematics box 415.
The slave station comprises a flexible instrument, e.g. a shaft optionally supporting a tool at its distal end, for insertion into a subject. In one embodiment, the flexible instrument is a catheter. “Catheter” as defined herein refers to a shaft adapted for, but not necessarily limited to, insertion into a subject, and more particularly for insertion into natural body lumens, canals, vessels, passageways, cavities or orifices. The shaft is typically tubular, but any elongate shaft may be adaptable for insertion into the subject. The shaft can be solid or hollow. A subject can be a human, an animal, or even individual organs or tissues that are dead or living.
The introduction of the flexible instrument into the human or animal body, may be by percutaneous or surgical access to a lumen or vessel, or by introduction through a natural orifice in the body. In this regard, examples of natural lumens include body vessels such as a blood vessel (artery, chamber of the heart or vein), urinary system vessels (renal collection ducts, calix, ureter, bladder or urethra), hepatobilliary vessels (hepatic and pancreatic ducts, chyle ducts; common or cystic duct), gastrointestinal tract (esophagus, stomach, small and large intestine, cecum and rectum), gynecological tract (cervix, uterus, fallopian tube or milk ducts and mammary canals of breast), nasopharynx (eustacean tube, sinuses, pharynx, larynx, trachea, bronchus, bronchiole, tear duct) seminal vesicle, spinal canal, or ventricles of the brain. Examples of a natural orifice include oral, rectal, nasal, otic, optic, or urethral orifices.
The shaft may support various forms of tools, typically at its distal end. As depicted in FIG. 6, a user can manipulate tool 18 along a single axis of motion where tool 18 is, for example, a grasper, scissors or general mechanism (such as a stapler or clip applier). It is easily understood by those of ordinary skill in the art, however, that tools may be located at a position other than the distal end of the shaft. Preferably the tools aid in carrying out various surgical or medical procedures, including, but not limited to:
5. Implant, i.e., any procedure that leaves an object in the body after withdrawal of the flexible instrument;
Exemplary objects implanted in a subject include staples, tacks, anchors, screws, stents, sutures, and a variety of other objects implanted by physicians and medical professionals.
The procedure of delivering (procedure 7, above) can further include delivery of agents including, but not limited to:
Furthermore, the flexible instrument can be used as a sensor. Parameters that may be sensed include, but are not limited to:
The slave station also comprises a drive unit capable of articulating the flexible instrument, particularly the shaft and the tool. The drive unit is to drivably coupled to a receiver for receiving the mechanically drivable mechanism. In one embodiment, this coupling occurs via cables. The drive unit is electronically controllable from the master station, as there is an electronic link between the drive unit and a user input device of the master station.
When the receiver receives the mechanically drivable mechanism, the drive unit then has a direct pathway for controlling operation of the shaft and tool. If the shaft has a controlled flexible segment, the drive unit is capable of activating or bending the flexible segment via the mechanically drivable mechanism, for actuation of the shaft, the tool and positioning of the tool at an operative site within the subject. In one embodiment, drive unit is capable of bending the flexible segment via a first set of cables which couple the drive unit to the receiver, and a second set of cables which drivably couple the mechanically drivable mechanism to the flexible segment and the tool.
One aspect of the present invention provides a remote controlled outer (guide) catheter having a distal end disposed at or in an area about an operative site, preferably in the immediate area of an operative site. A coaxial inner (working) catheter nested within the outer catheter can then be used to perform the surgical or medical procedure. Previous surgical procedures involve insertion of a trocar or cannula into the subject at a relatively short depth to provide an opening for receipt of the catheter, which is then guided to the operative site. Typically the catheter is not disposed at the immediate area around the operative or target site. Thus, if the surgeon needs a second catheter, the first catheter must be withdrawn and the second catheter is guided to the target site. Such repeated insertions can aggravate trauma experienced by the patient.
The feature of the present invention, on the other hand, employs an outer catheter disposed at the target site, which allows more than one shaft to be inserted and withdrawn with minimal irritation or trauma experienced at the passageway leading to the operative site. In one embodiment, the outer catheter housing a coaxial inner catheter is disposed at the target site. The inner catheter can immediately function at the operative site. If a second inner catheter is required, the first inner catheter can be quickly withdrawn through the outer guide catheter and the second inner catheter inserted through the outer catheter with minimal injury to the subject.
A feature of this aspect of the present invention allows coaxial multiple shafts to be remote controlled independently of each other. FIG. 3 depicts a system of remote controlled coaxial catheters. This system employs three coaxial or nested catheters L1-L3. Dashed line I represents an incision or entry point of the patient. FIG. 3 also illustrates computer controls C1-C3, which are outside of and remote from the patient. “Remote from the patient” refers herein to any location outside the sterile field. Computer controls C1-C3 are associated with corresponding actuators A1, A2 and A3, (i.e. drive units) which in turn are associated with shafts L1-L3, respectively. Thus, in FIG. 3, for example, the controller C1 controls an actuator A1 which, in turn, controls a certain action or movement of the outer shaft L1. Those of ordinary skill in the art would readily appreciate that only one computer can be used with software capable of independently controlling actuators A1-A3. In another embodiment, shafts L1-L3 can be independently controlled by one actuator, which independently drives specific cables leading to each of shafts L1-L3. Ultimately, the present invention allows shafts L1-L3 to be remote controlled independently from each other. For example, shaft L1 can remain stationary while shaft L2 undergoes linear translations or rotations about the co-axis. The distal end of shaft L3 can also carry out these motions as well as a bend or flex independent of shafts L1 or L2. Shaft L2 can be controlled to, for example, provide a rotational movement so as to enable rotation of a distal tool. The control of a tool supported at a distal end of a shaft is independent of the motions of shafts L1-L3. Alternatively, all shafts L1-L3 can undergo a simultaneous bend or deflection at a single operative segment or flexible segment, labeled as O in FIG. 3.
FIG. 7 illustrates the outer and inner shafts. In FIG. 7, shaft 30 comprises an outer shaft 32 housing and coaxial with inner shaft 34. Outer shaft 32 and inner shaft 34 extend from and within mechanically drivable interface 26. Interface 26 mechanically couples a drive unit (shown in FIG. 6) with shaft 30. Interface 26 further comprises a series of control elements, such as pulleys 64 and 72, which run cable lines 52 and 28, and gears 60 and 68 for controlling rotation of the shafts.
If a tool were supported at the distal end of inner shaft 34, control element 68 would control the rotational position of the tool about the shaft lumen axis as well. If the distal end were flexed, the shaft would curve and rotation of the shaft would cause the tool to trace a circle, and not cause the tool to rotate about its internal axis. As described below, another control can be positioned in the mechanically drivable interface for solely controlling the tool independent of the shaft controls.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a remote controlled flexible instrument capable of controlled bending, as controlled by a user at a master station. A flexible instrument comprises a shaft having at least one section that is flexible. “Flexible” refers herein to a material that is inherently and sufficiently deformable to readily pass atraumatically through a natural body lumen, cavity, vessel, orifice and the like. In one embodiment, the shaft is sufficiently flexible to readily flex and/or conform to a pathway in an anatomic vessel, lumen, cavity or the like. Non-flexible or rigid catheters can be distinguished from flexible instruments by the following test. By knowing the dimensions of a rigid catheter and the point of entry into the subject, one can calculate the position of the catheter end point inside the subject. In contrast, even if the dimensions and point of entry of a flexible shaft were known, the position of its end point within the subject cannot be calculated with precision because the flexible shaft may bend.
Flexible instruments of the present invention can also be distinguished from other known catheters that mimic bending motions solely through a series of rigid sections linked by joints. Thus, a “bend” is not the result of a deformation of the catheter material but by the pivoting or rotation of two rigid sections about a joint. In contrast, flexible instruments of the present invention include at least one flexible segment that is bendable without requiring the use of joints. The bending is remotely controlled, allowing deflection at these flexible segments away from the lumen axis of the segment. Bending in this sense is possible by choice of inherent flexibility of the instrument coupled with an induced deflection at the flexible segment. Inherent flexibility can be achieved by choice of a deformable material, such as Inherent flexibility can also be achieved by designed construction using a more rigid material, for example carving out segments of the material, i.e. slotting the material, such that the material is sufficiently thin for bending. Of course, the flexible instrument can comprise rotatable or pivotable joints, but the flexible capability is not the result of employing such joints, but by the deformability of the shaft material. In one embodiment, the bending is remotely controlled via a drive unit drivably coupled to the receiver for receiving a mechanically drivable mechanism or shaft mount. The shaft mount is then drivably coupled to the controlled flexible segment, thereby providing a drivable bending mechanism
Those of ordinary skill in the art can appreciate that the shaft can be tailored for a particular body lumen. Factors of the shaft construction include resiliency of the walls of the lumen, curvature of the passageway, location of the target site, diameter of the lumen, etc. For example, a shaft for passing through a colon can be, but is not necessarily, manufactured from a material that is less deformable than a shaft for passing through a small, delicate blood vessel. Lumens that present passageways of high curvature may also require a more easily deformable, and thus more flexible, shaft than does a relatively straight lumen. Deformability of the shaft can also be tailored by varying the dimensions, particularly the diameter, of the shaft.
In this aspect of the invention, a user can controllably bend or flex at least a section of the flexible instrument. In one embodiment, this controlled bend can be provided by a shaft having at least one flexible segment, alternatively a controlled flexible segment. By manipulating controls at the master station, a user can induce a bend in the shaft at the flexible segment. Preferably, the bend at the flexible segment is actuated mechanically, thus distinguishing this aspect of the present invention from prior art catheters where the bends are induced electrically. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,238,005 describes a bending mechanism caused by varying the electrical resistance through a catheter material having a negative coefficient. Heating one area of a catheter by increasing its electrical resistance results in contraction of that area, causing the catheter to deflect toward the contracted area. In contrast, the present catheter responds to mechanical forces.
FIGS. 7 and 8 illustrate one embodiment of a controlled flexible segment. FIG. 7 shows controlled flexible segment 42 residing between proximal end 36 and distal end 38 of shaft 30. It is understood, however, that flexible segment 42 can be positioned on any portion of shaft 30. FIG. 8 provides an expanded view of flexible segment 42 and illustrates one construction of flexible segment 42. Here, flexible segment 42 is constructed by providing inner shaft 34 as a flexible material nested within outer shaft 32. Outer shaft 34 is split into rigid proximal and distal sections 36 and 38, both encircling inner shaft 34. Thus, flexible segment 42 is the gap between proximal and distal sections 36 and 38. Shrink-wrap pieces 44 and 45 extend over the respective facing ends of the proximal and distal shaft sections 36 and 38 and adhere these facing ends to the flexible inner shaft.
Alternatively, flexible segment 42 may be in the form of a metal coil of diameter similar to the diameter of outer shaft sections 36 and 38.
Although FIG. 8 illustrates outer shaft 32 as being rigid, it can be appreciated that outer shaft 32 can be constructed of a flexible material as well, although its flexibility is preferably less than that of inner shaft 34.
Referring to both FIGS. 7 and 8, the bending of flexible segment 42 is controlled through flex wire 52 extending from mechanically drivable mechanism 26 and through flexible segment 42, terminating at point 54 of distal end 38 (see FIG. 8). Flex wire 52 is preferably disposed between inner shaft 34 and outer shaft 32. FIG. 8 shows termination point 54 residing on the outer surface of distal end 38, although conceivably other surfaces of distal end 38 can serve as termination points. The other end wire 52 resides within drivable mechanism 26 on control pulley 64. Turning pulley 64 has the effect of pulling wire 52 in a direction parallel to shaft 30 pointing towards drivable mechanism 26. Because wire 52 is terminated at 54, this pull causes the distal shaft section 38 to deflect in a direction indicated by the arrow 55, as shown in FIG. 7.
More than one flex wire can be spaced about the circumference of outer shaft 32 to allow bending along multiple directions different from arrow 55 yet orthogonal to shaft 30. For example, FIG. 11 illustrates an embodiment where two cables actuate bending the bending. FIG. 11 is a cross-sectional view of outer shaft 32 receiving inner shaft 34 at termination point 52. Two cables 52 A and 52 B terminate on outer 32 on opposite sides of distal shaft section 38. Cables 52A and 52B may be manipulated so as to deflect the distal shaft section in opposite directions, in a manner described previously. Those of ordinary skill in the art can readily appreciate that employing multiple cables results in a shaft capable of deflecting in any number of directions.
If inner shaft 34 supports a tool at its distal end, the bending motions, along with the rotation about the co-axis, serves to place the tool at any place in three-dimensional space. Another control element, i.e. pulley 72 controls cable 28, which extends through the hollow area of inner shaft 34, thereby allowing control of a specific tool operation. Depending on the complexity of the device, one or more cables leading to the tool may be required. In one embodiment, FIG. 12 depicts a distal end of shaft 30, showing operative segment O (e.g. flexible segment 42) and tool 18. FIG. 12 shows two coaxial catheters including an outer shaft O1 (such as outer shaft 32) and inner shaft O2 (such as inner shaft 34). Also disclosed are two stainless steel cables, including outer cable O3 and inner cable O4. Outer shaft O1 provides translational and rotary motion. Outer cable O3, which is disposed between outer and inner shafts O1 and O2, provides the lateral rotation (or yaw motion) of tool 18. Inner shaft O2 rotates tool 18 and inner cable O4 actuates the jaws of tool 18. The tool of FIG. 12 provides a single degree-of-freedom in order to actuate a gripper, scissors or generic mechanism (such as a stapler or clip applier). An example may be a bidirectional gripper 5 mm in length and 2.67 in diameter.
In one embodiment, the system comprising the flexible instrument comprises tool or mini-tool (18), the operative segment (42), the catheter stem (32, 34), the coupler (24, 26) comprising the mechanically drivable mechanism 26 and the receiver 24, the drive unit (13), the controller (12) and the surgeon's interface (11). The coupler provides a translational degree-of-freedom achieved by using a sliding mechanism, i.e. rails 25, onto which the coupler is mounted, as illustrated in FIG. 6. The operative or controlled flexible segment provides a number of articulations in order to position and orient tool 18. The catheter (30) has four (4) degrees-of-freedom, i.e. one translation and three rotations, as shown in FIG. 7. A fifth degree-of-freedom may be provided by the actuation of the mini-tool, as tool 18 can provide at least a single axis of motion for a grasper, scissors or general mechanism (such as a stapler or clip applier). The combination of one translation and two rotations allows the operative segment to arbitrarily position the mini-tool in three dimensional space. A final degree-of-freedom rotates the mini-tool axially.
The following describes the mathematical mapping of the physician's command input to the motion of the catheter system. FIG. 13 schematically illustrates the various degrees of freedom by which the catheter can be manipulated, particularly the axial and lateral rotations, or the translation motion allowing independent control of the tool position within the surgical space, as well as axial rotation of the tool. For example, the system of FIG. 6 provides a physician with seven independent command inputs, including position (χi, γi, zi), orientation (θi, ωi, ψi) and tool grip angle αi. The controller calculates the position of the five (5) independent degrees-of-freedom of the catheter system, given by (χc, θc, ωc, ψc, αc), by determining the position (x, y, z) of the tool, given by χ=χc+r cos ωc, γ=−r sin ωc sin θc, z=r sin ωc cos θc ψ=ψc α=αc, where χc, θc, ωc, ψc, αc are the independent inputs to the catheter system, and r is the distance from the lateral joint to tip of the mini-tool. The resulting position is χc=χ−r cos ψc, θc,=tan−1 (−y/z), ωc,=sin−1(z/r cos θc), ψc=ψ, αc=α. If λ is chosen as a scaling value, the following mapping between command input and independent catheter input is xc=λxi−r cos ωc θc=tan−1(−yi/zi), ωc=sin−1(λzi/r cos θc), ψc=ψ, αc=α. It is noted that the axial rotation and grip position are not scaled.
FIG. 42 is a perspective view of another embodiment of the slave station for a remote controlled flexible instrument. FIG. 42 depicts flexible instrument system 500 supported from support bracket 502, which extend to the operating table (see FIG. 6). Usually the support bracket is supported from the side of the operating table and may be adjustable in position relative to the operating table, to dispose system 500 in a convenient position over the patient. In one embodiment, bracket 502 is secured to the operating table at one end. The other end of bracket 502 supports the entire flexible instrument by means of a two-piece structure similar to that described in copending U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/279,087 filed Mar. 27, 2001. A knob may be provided on support base 504, not shown in FIG. 42. Once the support base 504 is fixed to the support bracket 502, then the flexible instrument system is maintained in a fixed position at base 504, providing a stable and steady structure during the medical procedure. Like FIG. 6, system 500 can be positioned at an acute angle with respect to the operating table.
Flexible instrument system 500 comprises flexible instrument 510 having a shaft 528 extending to mechanically drivable mechanism 526, which interlocks with base (or receiver) 506. Base 506 is supported on carriage 508. Carriage 508 in turn is adapted for linear translation and supported by elongated rails 512 and 514. Rails 512 and 514 terminate at one end via end piece 516, which provides further support. Support base 504 terminates rails 512 and 514 at their other end. Carriage 508 includes bearings or bushings 509 that support the carriage from rails 512 and 514.
Flexible instrument system 500 employs two separate cable bundles for mechanically driving the flexible instrument along rails 512 and 514. Pulley 521 (dotted outline), residing within carriage control module 520, receives a first pair of cables 518. Pulley 521 also receives a second set of cable (see cabling sections 513 and 515 of corresponding FIG. 43), which runs through carriage 508 to a further pulley 522 supported by end piece 516. The second set of cables controls the translational motion of carriage 508 and terminates at point 519 (see FIG. 45).
FIG. 42 also shows a set of cables 524 for driving control elements, e.g. pulleys within receiver 506. These control elements move the shaft and the tool in several degrees-of-freedom. Arrow J1 indicates the linear translation via module 520. Rotational arrow J2 indicates rotation of flexible shaft 528 of flexible instrument 510 about the inner axis parallel with the shaft length. Arrow J3 represents the flexing or bending of flexible shaft 528 at controlled flexible segment 530. In this embodiment, flexible segment 530 is positioned directly adjacent tool 534 at the distal end of shaft 528. Arrow J4 represents the pivot action of a wrist joint, which links tool 534 to shaft 528, about axis 532. In this embodiment, tool 534 is exemplified as a grasper, and arrows J5 and J6 represent the opening and closing actions of the tool jaws. Motions indicated by arrows J2-J6 are controlled from cabling 524 originating at receiver 506.
FIG. 42A provides an enlarged perspective view of the distal end of shaft 528 including flexible segment 530 and tool 534. Tool 534 comprises upper grip or jaw 602 and lower grip or jaw 603, both supported from link 601. Base 600 is affixed to or integral with flexible shaft 528. Link 601 is rotatably connected to base 600 about axis 532. A pivot pin may be provided for this connection. Upper and lower jaws 602 and 603 are rotatably connected to link 601 about axis 536 and again, a pivot pin can provide this connection.
FIG. 42A shows eight cables at 538 extending through the hollow inside of shaft 528 for control of tool 534 and flexible segment 530. Two of these cables operate the bend of flexible segment 530, two cables operate one of the jaws 602, two cables operate the other of the jaws 603 and the last two cables operate the wrist action about the axis 532. All of these cables travel through the hollow shaft 528 and through appropriate holes in flexible segment 530, e.g. wire 525, as well as holes in base 600. Each of these pairs of cables operates in concert to open and close jaws, pivot about the wrist, and bend flexible segment 530.
One pair of cables travels through shaft 528 and through appropriate holes in the base 600, wrapping around a curved surface of the link 601 and then attaching to the link. Tension on this pair of cables rotates the link 601 along with the upper and lower grips or jaws 602 and 603 about axis 532.
Two other pairs of cables also extend through the shaft 528 and through holes in the base and then pass between fixed posts 612. These posts constrain the cables to pass substantially through axis 532, which defines rotation of link 601. This construction essentially allows free rotation of link 601 with minimal length changes in the cables passing to jaws 602 and 603. Thus, the cables actuating jaws 602 and 603 are essentially decoupled from the motion of link 601 and are not effected by any rotation of link 601. Cables controlling jaw movement terminate on jaws 602 and 603. These cables permit independent operation of the jaws 602 and 603 in respective clockwise and counter clockwise directions with respect to axis 536. A similar set of cables is present on the under-side of the link 601 (not shown). Each of the jaws 602 and 603, as well as the link 601, may be constructed of metal. Alternatively, link 601 may be constructed of a hard plastic material. Base 600 may also be constructed of a plastic material and may be integral with shaft 528.
Bending of flexible segment 530 is provided via diametrically disposed slots 662, which define spaced ribs 664. Flexible segment 530 also has a longitudinally extending wall 665 through which cabling may extend, particularly for the operation of the tool. One of the pairs of cables of bundle 538 controlling flexible segment 530 terminates where base 600 intercouples with shaft 528. This pair of cables works in concert to cause bending as indicated by arrow J3, i.e. in a direction orthogonal to the pivoting provided at wrist axis 532. In FIG. 42A only one cable 525 of two is illustrated.
FIG. 43 is an exploded prospective view showing carriage 508, receiver 506 and drivable mechanism 526. Carriage 508 is adapted for motion along rails 512 and 514. Pulleys 521 and 522 receive cabling, i.e. cable sections 513 and 515, which terminate at the carriage base at point 519. Other sections of this cable extend through an elongated hole or passage within carriage 508.
Receiver 506 and drivable mechanism 526 each comprise enclosed housings supporting a plurality of control elements, such as intercouplable drivewheels and associated pulleys or cams. Inter-engaging gears 540 and 542 are supported respectively in the modules 506 and 526. A pair of cables from bundle 524 engages pulley 544 (see FIG. 45) which, in turn, drives gear 540, and which further, in turn, drives gear 542 for providing rotation of shaft 528. Collar 546 is provided at the terminus of the proximal end of shaft 528 for supporting shaft 528, which is driven by gear 542. Cabling extending through collar 546 and shaft 528 couple mechanical actions from drivable mechanism 526 through the flexible instrument shaft 528 to the distal end thereof.
Drivable mechanism 526 interlocks with receiver 506, providing the mechanical connection that allows the drive unit to run cabling in flexible instrument 510. Blades 606, jutting out from the housing of receiver 506, engage with corresponding slots 608 associated with drivable mechanism 526. Projecting from the proximal end of receiver 506 is ridge 610, which is substantially U-shaped and provides another interlocking feature for mating with a similarly shaped slot 614 at the same end of drivable mechanism 526. Posts 616 protruding from the housing of receiver 506 are adapted to releasably mate with holes 618 in drivable mechanism 526. Posts 616 and holes 618 to interlock with each other, but may be released from each other via side-disposed buttons 620, as illustrated in FIG. 46. FIG. 43 also shows the cam locking screws 615.
FIG. 44 is a partial broken away rear elevational view of interlocking interfaces as seen along line 44-44 of FIG. 42. FIG. 44 shows alignment posts 616 each having a groove 617, which is engaged by the corresponding button 620. Button 620 is in the form of a plate member biased to a locked position by means of spring 621. A plate for button 620 has a keyhole slot for receiving and holding post 616 therein. Button 620, however, may be manually depressed to release posts 616 and enable ready detachment of drivable mechanism 526 from receiver 506. A retaining pin 625 may also be used to limit the travel of the button between in and out positions.
FIG. 45 is cross-sectional side view through the interconnecting modules taken along line 45-45 of FIG. 42. FIG. 45 shows details of drive wheels (or pulleys) in the modules 506 and 526. Four drive wheels 622 are supported within the housing of receiver 506. Drive wheels 622 receive cabling for controlling the motions of the shaft and the tool, where the cable protrudes from cable bundle 524 in FIG. 43. Each of these pairs of cables is controlled from a corresponding motor, which is part of the drive unit (see discussion of FIG. 49, below).
FIG. 45 also shows output blades 606, previously shown in FIG. 43, which extend into corresponding slots 608. These slots are disposed in respective intergaging drive wheels 624 of the drivable mechanism 526. Blades 606 have a rectangular end construction for engaging with similar rectangular slots 608 associated with the module 526. FIG. 45 also shows the gears 540 and 542 in engagement to allow drive to occur from bundle 524.
FIGS. 45 and 46 show a series of idler cams 626, one associated with each of drive wheels 624. FIG. 46 is a plan cross-sectional plan view through receiver 506 as taken along line 46-46 of FIG. 45. FIG. 46 shows the placement of cams 626. A cable wraps around each of drive wheels 624 and is held in position by its associated cam 626. FIG. 46 also shows all of the cables running parallel to each other at region 627, where the cables run from respective drive wheels 624, through collar 546 and extending down inside shaft 528 to the distal end. With the use of the placement and adjustment of cam 626, the cables are all directed in a manner to easily couple into shaft 528.
Each of cams 626 has an off-center axis 631. As viewed in FIG. 46, cam 626 may be rotated clockwise to tighten its associated cable. Rotation counterclockwise loosens the tension. Cam locking screws 615 secure cam 626 in an adjusted-to position (see FIG. 48, a cross-sectional view taken along line 48-48 of FIG. 47). FIG. 48A is a cross-sectional view taken along line 48A-48A of FIG. 48. As depicted in FIGS. 46 and 48A, the cable associated with each wheel 624 may be secured in a cable clamping hole 633 via a cable clamping screw 635. A similar clamping arrangement is associated with wheels 622. A roll pin fixes each wheel 622 to each spindle 607.
FIG. 47 is a cross sectional plan view taken through receiver 506, as taken along line 47-47 of FIG. 45. The cross-sectional view of FIG. 47 illustrates drive wheels 622 associated with receiver 506. Drive wheels 622 receive cabling from cable bundle 524. Each of a pair of idler pulleys 630 are associated with drive wheels 622. At the very input to receiver 506, idler pulleys 632 are used for directing the cable to idler pulleys 630 and from there to drive wheels 622.
FIG. 48B is a fragmentary plan view of a drive wheel engagement slot by itself as seen along line 48B-48B of FIG. 48A. The cross-sectional views of FIGS. 48A and 48B illustrate drive wheels 622 within receiver 506 having associated end blades 606. End blade 606 is a screwdriver-type blade that engages a slot previously identified as slot 608 in FIG. 43. This slot 608 is in drive wheel 624 of receiver 526. In FIG. 48B, slot 608 displays a tapered portion. The tapered portion allows easy registration of end blade 606 and slot 608, and thus easy registration between drive wheel 622 and drive wheel 624.
As described to this point, the bending or deflection of the shaft can be actuated by mechanical means such as a wire extending along a length of the shaft. Thus, actions at the distal end of shafts may be controlled by mechanical elements, such as cables, wires or other tendons.
Alternatively, actuation of the controlled bending can occur by other means, such as by remote electromagnetic signal couplings. FIG. 41A illustrates shaft 850 having a central lumen. Residing in the central lumen is an operative or controlled flexible segment O, in the form of a plurality of spaced electromagnetic rings 852, separately labeled as R1, R2, R3 and R4. Each of rings R1-R4 is associated with wires 854, similarly labeled as wires W1, W2, W3 and W4. Rings 852, once energized, provide bending of shaft 850 at flexible segment O. FIGS. 41A and 41D are meant to be schematic, while FIGS. 41B and 41C are actual implementations for actuation of the rings by means of coils or windings 853. As illustrated in FIG. 41B, each ring may be electrically energized via a winding 853 associated therewith. FIG. 41B shows a fully wound winding, while FIG. 41C shows a half wound winding. Ring 852 may also have two separate half wound coils on opposite sides thereof. Wires 854 (in pairs) are selectively energized to energize windings 853 on the rings, which in turn, provide either attraction or repulsion of the rings. FIG. 41D illustrates the results of regions of rings 852 being energized to attract or repel adjacent rings. For example, a certain direction of current flow through windings 853 can create an attraction of the coils at the bottom and a repulsion of coils at the top. This cooperative action causes a bending at the operative or controlled flexible segment O.
The flexible instrument depicted in FIGS. 6 and 7 provides only the distal end as being remotely controlled. It can readily be appreciated that a controlled flexible segment may be provided, not necessarily for action at a target site, but to control certain movements of the catheter to assist in reaching a target site.
FIGS. 4 and 5 illustrate the advantages of a flexible instrument, particularly a catheter having controlled flexibility via controlled flexible or operative segments, for use in performing a procedure or for guiding the instrument through a natural body lumen. FIG. 4 provides a schematic cross-sectional diagram, illustrating a catheter K for use in mitral valve repair, to be discussed in more detail below. FIG. 4 also shows catheter K supporting a tool 18 for carrying out certain procedures at the mitral valve annulus, also described in further detail below. In FIG. 4, catheter K is shown entering the femoral vein V by a percutaneous access at S. From the femoral vein V, catheter K must bend prior to entering the right atrium R. Catheter K then passes through a septal wall of the heart to the left atrium L, which is directly above the mitral valve M. In this particular embodiment, the operative segment of the catheter K is illustrated at O and is positioned near the very distal end of the catheter K. Thus, at the sharp, almost 90° bend prior to entering right atrium R, a user can controllably bend catheter K at the operative segment, to perform a procedure with tool 18. Also, the ability to controllably bend catheter K prevents tool 18 from conceivably being trapped within femoral vein V, causing damage to the walls of vein V. In this embodiment, it may be preferable to have at least some length of catheter K constructed of a deformable or flexible material, enabling the catheter to easily pass through the body lumen by essentially conforming to vein configurations, such as that of femoral vein V.
FIG. 5 provides a schematic cross-sectional diagram illustrating a surgical procedure where catheter K1 enters a natural body orifice, such as the urethra for carrying out procedures in, for example, the bladder. In FIG. 5 catheter K1 is shown extending into bladder B1. In this example, the computer controlled segment, identified as operative or flexible segment O in FIG. 5, is positioned at a more proximal section of catheter K1. Bladder B1, being an open cavity, does not have lumens leading from the urethra that would naturally guide a catheter towards any particular operative site. Upon entering bladder B1, catheter K1 can bend in any direction and not necessarily in the direction of the operative site. In this embodiment, because of the more proximal positioning of operative segment O, a surgeon can controllably bend the distal end of catheter K towards the operative site. In the embodiment shown in FIG. 5, the distal end of the catheter, labeled P1, can be rigid or be “passively” flexible, i.e. made of a flexible material and not necessarily controlled for flexure under remote computer control.
In the illustration of FIG. 4, the catheter K may be fed through the femoral vein by direct surgeon manipulation, in which case only the operative segment O is under computer control from a master station. Alternatively, the catheter may translate linearly through the vein under remote master station control, where the catheter can have other operative segments disposed at different locations of catheter K. Each of these operative segments can be controlled from a master station for assistance in the guiding of the catheter to a predetermined target site. Thus, the catheter may be inserted manually and also have remote computer control for at least limited linear translation.
FIGS. 3A-3C show different embodiments of flexible instruments with multiple operative or controllable flexible segments. Shafts having multiple operative segments can be very useful for procedures in a body cavity, as discussed previously, but can also be useful in navigating the shaft through intricate or delicate body lumens. FIGS. 3A-3C schematically illustrate controller CT and a slave portion of the system comprising actuators or drive units A1-A4 and shaft KA, KB or KC having three operative segments O1-O3. In accordance with each of these embodiments, a surgeon inputs commands from a master station to cause certain corresponding movements of the shaft at the slave station. A surgeon's manipulations at the master station are coupled to controller CT where these manipulations are mapped to actions at operative segments O1-O3. Thus, a surgeon, at an appropriate input device, may carry out a first manipulation to control a segment O1, a second different manipulation to control the segment O2 and still a third manipulation to control the segment O3, either simultaneously or sequentially. A fourth manipulation may control the tool G.
FIG. 3A shows shaft KA having three operative segments, O1, O2, and O3, and tool G at its distal end. Actuators A1, A2 and A3 are associated respectively with operative segments O1, O2 and O3. Actuator A4 controls tool G. Each of actuators O1-O3 is controlled from controller CT. Operative segments O1, O2 and O3 are spaced a certain distance apart from each other, allowing shaft KA to simultaneously experience controlled bends. This arrangement may be necessary for lumens with multiple bends, or for hard to reach operative sites.
FIG. 3B, shows catheter KB having tool G1. In this embodiment, three operative segments O1, O2 and O3 are spaced from each other along the length of catheter KB. Segments O1-O3 can be controllably bent to form an arc having an imaginary radius point P. Thus, this arrangement of operative segments can actuate particularly acute bends. In another embodiment, catheter KC in FIG. 3C employs three operative segments O1-O3, which are contiguous. The radius of curvature can be increased.
It is understood that non-operative segments of the catheter in FIGS. 3A-3C can comprise either a flexible or a rigid material. It can be appreciated that one or more controlled flexible segments can be incorporated in the shaft, depending on the particular application.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a remote controlled flexible instrument operable within the sterile field, and disposable after use. The sterility of reusable medical instruments and implements are maintained by well-known methods such as exposure to sterile solutions and/or autoclaving. For some medical implements, it can be more cost effective to manufacture them from low cost materials and dispose them after a single use, or use on a single patient. But for certain other medical instruments, its manufacture from low cost materials still results in a costly product due to the intricate nature of the individual parts and the labor required to manufacture complex components.
It is another feature of the present invention to provide a design for a remote controlled flexible instrument having disposable components, particularly those components that are exposed to the sterile field. The present design allows the use of injection-molded plastic parts. The disposable component can be easily and quickly engaged into and disengaged from a non-disposable, reusable base. The components can be locked onto the base by snapping or interlocking matched parts, without having to thread cable wires or attach any intricate components.
One aspect of the present invention provides a disposable implement comprising a disposable mechanically drivable mechanism, a disposable shaft extending from the drivable mechanism, and optionally a disposable tool supported on a distal end of the shaft. Referring back to FIG. 7, mechanically drivable mechanism 26 comprising gears 60 and 68 and pulleys 64 and 72, can be manufactured from injection molded plastic, as well as shaft 30 extending from drivable mechanism 26. The sides of pulleys 64 and 72 feature a first semicircular planar disc stepped up from a second matching semicircular planar disc. The sides of the pulleys in receiver base 24 correspondingly match the stepped up pattern of pulleys 64 and 72. Engaging drivable mechanism 26 onto receiver 24 requires matching and interlocking the respective pulley discs. Thus, the interlocking feature in effect extends the cabling pathway from the first set of cables running from the drive unit to receiver 24, to a second separate set of disposable cables contained within drivable mechanism 26 and shaft 30. No tying or threading of cables is required to engage the disposable portion onto receiver 24.
Another design for a disposable implement is illustrated in FIG. 42. In FIG. 42, the flexible instrument 510, comprising drive mechanism 526 and shaft 528, can be a single piece disposable unit that is readily engageable and disengageable relative to the base module 506.
Disposable implement 510 may be considered as comprising a disposable, mechanically drivable mechanism such as the coupler or module 526 interconnected to a tool 534 through an elongated disposable flexible shaft or stem 528. This disposable and flexible implement is mounted so that the mechanically drivable mechanism may be connectable to and drivable from a drive mechanism, such as illustrated in FIGS. 6 and 7. In the illustrated embodiment the drive mechanism may be considered as including the coupler or module 506 and the associated drive motors. The disposable elongated flexible instrument is generally inserted into a body vessel or cavity of a subject along a selected length of the disposable elongated instrument with the elongated flexible instrument being disposable together with the disposable mechanically drivable mechanism.
The disposable implement is purely mechanical and can be constructed relatively inexpensively thus lending itself readily to being disposable. It may be difficult to make only the tool disposable, due to the intricate nature of the tool parts, which may require the user to perform intricate maneuvers and cable threading into the base of the slave station. Here, the disposable implement, i.e. the tool, shaft and drivable mechanism are manufactured as a single piece disposable unit, thus eliminating the need for intricate instrument or tool exchange procedures.
Ideally, the base of the slave station, which contacts the disposable implement, is easily cleanable. It is preferred that the disposable implement, which operates within the sterile field, experiences minimal contamination by contacting the slave station. In one embodiment of the present invention, as illustrated in FIG. 43, the interlocking drivable mechanism 526 and receiver 506 features substantially planar surface at the point of contact between the two modules. Regarding receiver 506, the planar surface is easy to clean and the inner intricate pulleys and cabling are protected from contamination by the housing. Regarding mechanically drivable mechanism 526, the housing can be made of injection-molded plastic that is simple to manufacture and is easily disposable.
One advantage of the present invention is the ease of engaging and disengaging the disposable implement. In a particular medical procedure, a multitude of instrument exchanges may be required, and the system of the present invention is readily adapted for quick and easy instrument exchange. Because the receiver is maintained in a fixed position, the surgeon can easily exchange instruments by readily decoupling at the modules 506 and 526. The ease of exchanging instruments lends to the portability of the slave station. This portable nature of the slave unit comes about by virtue of providing a relatively simple flexible instrument in combination with an adaptor (module 506, module 520, carriage 508 and associated components) for supporting the flexible instrument. Overall, the slave station is of a relatively small configuration. Because the slave unit is purely mechanical, and is decouplable from the drive unit, the operator can readily position the slave unit. Once in position, the slave unit is then secured to the support, and the mechanical cabling of the slave unit is then attachable to the drive unit. This makes the slave unit both portable and easy to position in place for use.
FIG. 49 shows an embodiment where pulley 677 is readily manually decouplable from motor 675. For this purpose pulley 677 may be a two-piece pulley arrangement comprising a coupler spindle and a coupler disk with the coupler disk secured to the output shaft of the motor. This enables the entire assembly to be disconnected at the motor so that the flexible instrument system 500 with its flexible instrument 510 may be positioned relative to the patient, independent of any coupling with the drive motors. Once the system illustrated in FIG. 42 is in place, then the coupling of the cables can be made at pulley 677 to provide drive to the flexible instrument system.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a system for repairing a cardiac valve, such as a mitral valve. Current mitral valve repair techniques, either open or minimal access, require the surgeon to place the patient on cardiopulmonary bypass and stop the heart. The left atrium is then opened and exsanguinated to allow the surgeon to perform the repair. This aspect of the present invention provides a minimally invasive mitral valve annuloplasty technique featuring the following advantages: (1) peripheral venous access; (2) the heart can continue to beat during the repair; and (3) assessment of the correction of valve incompetence in real-time using, for example, Doppler ultrasound guidance.
In one embodiment, the present cardiac valve repair system employs a guide shaft extending from a site outside a patient to an area about the cardiac valve. The guide shaft receives a flexible inner shaft for disposing a tool at the area about the cardiac valve, where the tool is supported at the distal end of the guide shaft. Preferably, the inner shaft has a relatively small diameter enabling percutaneous intravascular and endoscopic surgery. Even more preferably, the inner shaft, and optionally the guide shaft, is capable of accessing the mitral valve from the peripheral circulation, eliminating the need for incisions through the chest wall. In one embodiment, the inner shaft can have a diameter ranging from 8 to 15 French (2.5-5.0 mm). The outer catheter may be constructed from a standard 9 French coronary guide catheter, having a diameter of 2.67 mm and a wall thickness of 0.1 mm. In other embodiments, the inner catheter can have an outer diameter of 1.1 mm and an inner diameter of 0.09 mm. In yet another embodiment, the braided stainless steel cables are 0.63 mm in diameter and are capable of transmitting 178 Newtons (40 lbs. approx.).
A feature of this aspect of the present invention is that the percutaneous access to the mitral valve can be accomplished on a beating heart, eliminating the risks associated with cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). To enable a procedure on the beating heart, preferably the procedure can be performed under physiologic conditions. The physician may monitor the procedure by, for example, transesophageal echocardiography, instead of a video image. This technique enables real-time assessment of the correction of the mitral valve regurgitation (MR) during the procedure, further enabling intra-operative provocative cardiac testing, with preload and afterload challenges and cardiac pacing all under trans-esophageal echo and trans-thoracic ultrasound guidance to optimize repair.
The tool can be remote controlled, as described herein, and can be designed for use in any procedure of the cardiac valve repair process. For example, a first set of tools is capable of percutaneous mitral valve annuloplasty. This represents a paradigm shift in management of disease from MIS and open surgical to intraluminal interventions. While this catheter-based intervention is described in connection with mitral annuloplasty, the technique can also be applied to other structures such as, by way of example and not limiting, the billiary tree, the genitourinary tract and intraventricular neurosurgery.
The system further includes a retainer at the area of the cardiac valve, where the retainer is attached to an annulus of the cardiac valve. As will be described in greater detail below, the retainer is closeable via the tool to draw the annulus into a smaller diameter.
In one embodiment, a trans-septal guide catheter is used to guide and support an inner catheter. The guide catheter is introduced by percutaneous access, and allows the clinician to access the left atrium via the venous circulation, i.e. through the heart wall (see FIG. 4). The guide catheter may be non-robotic, i.e. simply manipulated manually by the surgeon. Alternatively, the guide catheter may be robotically controlled from surgeon manipulations at an input device of the master station.
Once access to the left atrium is established, the inner catheter is threaded into the left atrium through the guide catheter. The inner catheter contains attachment anchors for deployment at desired points around the mitral valve annulus. A remote controlled 5-degree-of-freedom tool and wrist can be utilized to precisely reach the annulus. Ultrasound may be used to visualize the system and guide the anchor positioning and placement. This ultrasound may be trans-esophageal ultrasound or trans-thoracic ultrasound, for example. Furthermore, electrophysiologic signals of the heart may be used to aid in precisely locating the position of the tool at the fibrous mitral valve annulus.
There is now described a number of techniques employing the catheter apparatus of the present invention. These techniques are described herein primarily in connection with mitral valve repair.
FIG. 19 is a schematic representation of the heart muscle showing the left ventricle 218, the right ventricle 219, the left atrium 220, the right atrium 221 and the aorta 222. Between the left atrium and the left ventricle, blood flow is from the left atrium through the mitral valve 210 to the left ventricle 218. FIG. 26 illustrates an expanded view of a mitral valve at 210 including annulus 211 and leaflets 213. FIG. 27 illustrates schematically the leaflets 213 of the mitral valve 210 with the mitral valve annulus 211. As a heart muscle ages, it is typical for the annulus of the mitral valve 210, illustrated in FIG. 19 at 211, to expand in diameter causing problems with the leaflets 213. If the leaflets fail to close properly, regurgitation may result, causing leakage by the mitral valve in the reverse direction and resulting in improper blood flow through the heart. Thus, mitral valve repair involves, at least in part, shrinking the diameter of the annulus to allow the leaflets to operate properly.
In one embodiment, threading or sewing a ring about the annulus reduces the annulus diameter, where the ring is closeable. The annulus comprises relatively tough tissue just above the top of leaflets. As viewed in FIG. 19, the opposite end of the annulus at 217 tends to expand outwardly. FIG. 19 illustrates an area at the annulus of the mitral valve (that annulus being at the top in FIG. 19) identified as trigone area 215, where the valve ring is more rigid and remains stationary. Because this area is relatively stable and rigid, it is thus difficult to contract, and most of the expansion of diameter of the ring occurs away from the trigone area. This, again, is illustrated in FIG. 20 by the positions shown in solid and in dotted outline.
FIG. 20 shows schematically parts of the heart such as the left atrium 220 and the left ventricle 218, with the mitral valve 210 disposed therebetween. FIG. 20 illustrates the annulus of the mitral valve in solid position, at a smaller diameter where the leaflets operate properly. The dotted outline 217 represents the expanded diameter of the base of the mitral valve, the state at which mitral valve leakage can occur.
To carry out the technique of the present invention, a guide catheter 230 is employed, such as a transseptal atrial guide catheter. The access for catheter 230 is via the vena cava to the right atrium 221. This access may be from above via the jugular vein or below by way of the femoral vein. A puncture is made in the wall 238 of the right atrium into the left atrium 220, allowing distal end 232 of catheter 230 to pass into the left atrium 220.
FIG. 17 illustrates one method of shrinking the diameter of the annulus. FIG. 17 shows a metal wire ring 100 in place about the mitral valve annulus. The ring 100 may be initially secured at the trigone area 103 of the mitral valve annulus. The technique illustrated in FIG. 17 may rely upon a catheter apparatus, such as depicted in FIGS. 6 and 7 herein with an operative segment. At least limited linear translation of the catheter may be accomplished with an apparatus similar to that described in FIG. 6, although a guide catheter may also be manually inserted at least partially by the surgeon through percutaneous access via the femoral vein. The ring 100, although depicted in a ring configuration in FIG. 17, can be first inserted through the catheter in a straightened configuration. The metal wire or ring 100 is preferably constructed of a material such as Nitinol. The characteristics of this material include the ability to retain its form or to be stretched to a straight position. Once the material is passed through the catheter, it can spring back to its ring configuration. The surgeon preferably matches the configuration of the ring, particularly as to its size, to provide a proper fit for the particular mitral valve that is being repaired.
Once the straightened wire 100 has passed through the catheter, it assumes the position shown in FIG. 17. The ring, once in place, is secured to the annulus via wire clips 106 and/or sutures 102. By drawing on these sutures with the tool, the diameter of the mitral valve annulus is reduced so that it conforms to the size of the wire loop 100. As with other techniques described herein, the control is supplemented by visual considerations such as with the use of ultrasound or electrophysiological feedback.
FIG. 18 provides another embodiment of the present invention employing a catheter system for mitral valve repair. FIG. 18 provides a schematic representation of a ring 210 of a cardiac valve, such as a mitral valve. Fiber 212 is looped about or sewn around the annulus (base) of the valve. A number of different types of stitches may be used. The fiber may be a thread or a wire. In the embodiment of FIG. 18, the fiber is actually sewn through the annulus of the valve. After the fiber is sewn in this manner, tension is applied to ends 214 of the fiber. The tightening reduces the diameter of the ring, brings the valve leaflets into their proper position so as to avoid valve regurgitation.
FIG. 20 also illustrates a balloon 234 that may be supported at the distal end 232 of the catheter 230. Once the catheter 230 is in place, balloon 234 is inflated to further support the guide catheter in place with the end 232 extending slightly into left atrium 220. Once balloon 234 is inflated or opened, it can be snugged back against the septal wall 238 between left atrium 220 and right atrium 221. The inner diameter of the catheter 230 may be on the order of approximately 5 mm in diameter. FIG. 24 shows an enlarged view of catheter 230, with its end 232 and the associated balloon 234 holding catheter 230 in place.
As an alternate to the use of a balloon 234, a malecot 236 may be used. This is a mechanical device with expandable wings, as illustrated in FIG. 25 and associated with catheter 230 so as to hold the end 232 of the catheter in place relative to the septal wall 238.
FIG. 20 also illustrates a flexible catheter 240 with its associated tool 242 extending from the guide catheter 230. Tool 242 may be a pair of jaws operable for threading or sewing fiber. These jaws can be controlled externally at a user interface by a surgeon. With regard to flexible catheter 240, reference is made to co-pending provisional application, U.S. Ser. No. 60/269,200, as well as pending application PCT Ser. No. PCT/US00/12553, filed Nov. 16, 2000, both documents of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein.
In FIG. 23 reference is also made to the fiber 212 and an end piece 245 that is secured to one end of the fiber 212. Fiber 212 is shown sewn through wall 247. FIG. 23 also schematically illustrates the tool 242 engaging the fiber 212.
After guide catheter 230 is in place with the balloon 234 inflated to secure it in position, flexible catheter 240 is threaded through guide catheter 230 to a position just about the mitral valve, as illustrated in FIG. 20. Fiber 212 may also, at the same time, be threaded through the catheter member 230 with end piece 245 being accessible for being secured to the valve ring. As illustrated in FIG. 20, the beginning position of the threading or sewing of the fiber 212 is at a position close to or at the trigone area 215 of mitral valve 210.
After a single threading or sewing has occurred, such as in FIG. 23, then the jaws of tool 242 loop stitch the fiber 212, which may be a small but rigid wire, about the mitral valve in the manner illustrated in FIG. 18. Staples 249 may also be employed for holding the wire in place.
FIGS. 21 and 22 illustrate another embodiment to secure an end of fiber 212. In this embodiment, the end of fiber 212 is pulled so as to close the diameter of the base ring of the mitral valve. FIG. 21 illustrates guide catheter member 230 at its end 232, being held in place against the septal wall 238 by balloon 234. Flexible catheter 240 with its tool 242 has been withdrawn from catheter member 230. Double-walled structure 250 comprises coaxially arranged inner and outer tubes 252 and 254. Fiber 212 extends through these tubes and carries therealong a securing piece 256 and a retaining button 258. The inner tube 252 is adapted to engage the retaining button 258 and the outer tube 254 is adapted to engage the securing piece 256. FIG. 22 shows securing piece 256 and retaining button 258, along with the fiber 212.
Initially, once the threading through the base of the valve ring is completed, the outer tube 254 engages securing piece 256 moving it downwardly in the view of FIG. 21 while the fiber 212 is held in position. This tightens the securing piece 256 against the other side of the trigone area 215, of FIG. 20. Once the diameter of the ring has been tightened, inner tube 252 is moved downwardly to engage retaining button 258. Button 258 grabs fiber or wire 212 and at the same time retaining button 258 engages and interlocks with the securing piece 256. In this way, both ends of the threaded fiber or wire 212 are secured roughly at the positions illustrated in FIG. 20. The pulled fiber 212 causes the mitral valve ring to draw into a smaller diameter such as the position shown in solid, rather than the in-dotted position of FIG. 20.
Once the securing piece and the retaining button are firmly held to the wire 212, then the member 250 may be withdrawn through the guide catheter 230. The flexible catheter member 240 may then be reinserted with a different tool such as a pair of scissors for cutting the exposed end of the fiber 212.
Another possible technique for reducing the annular diameter involves a loop of cable that extends through hooks or anchors placed in the annulus, as illustrated in FIG. 29. FIG. 29 shows the cable or wire 120 and schematically illustrates the anchors at 125. In this technique the valve is reduced through a “lasso” technique, in which the cable exerts an equal force on all of the anchors. This technique uses an articulate catheter preferably inserted through a guide catheter, such as illustrated hereinbefore, to place the anchors one at a time into the mitral valve annulus. The cable onto which the anchors are suspended provides the closing force when tensioned by the operator.
In one embodiment, the flexible instrument comprises a guide catheter 150, as illustrated in the diagram of FIG. 30. Inner catheter 155 houses an anchor and cable system depicted generally at 160, including tensioning cable 162 and anchors 164. Five degrees-of-freedom are provided: (1) rotary, (2) linear, (3) flexure motion with regard to the guide catheter 150 as well as (4) linear and (5) rotary motion with regard to the inner catheter 155.
Guide catheter 150 may be approximately 8 French in diameter with a computer controlled flexible end portion, illustrated in FIG. 30 as operative segment O. A computer controls three degrees-of-freedom with regard to the guide catheter 150, along with two degrees-of-freedom of inner catheter 155. Refer to FIG. 30 and the corresponding motions F1-F5.
FIG. 30 depicts anchors 164 as having a loop and two legs, although other anchor designs can be readily contemplated. The legs of each anchor 164 may curl outwards. Once anchors 164 are deployed from the constraint of the inner catheter, they curl outwardly. The curling motion of the anchor legs secures them to the fibrous tissue of the mitral valve annulus. Preferably the anchors are fabricated from a super-elastic material such as Nitinol.
A tensioning cable, such as the cable or wire 162 illustrated in FIG. 30 may pass through each of the loops of the anchor. This allows an equal force to be placed on each anchor and prevents the anchors from becoming loose in the bloodstream. The tensioning cable passes back through the robot inner catheter and out of the patient. The final tension is adjusted manually by the surgeon (or by computer) to optimize the annular size under direct visualization. Also, within the inner catheter is preferably disposed a deployment wire used to advance and fire the anchors into the annulus wall.
FIGS. 30A and 30B depict a cable termination tool set. This set comprises two catheters used to: (1) crimp the end of the tether cable once the tension is placed on the annulus; and (2) cut off the remaining cable at the end of the procedure. Both of these catheters may use a four-bar linkage or other system.
FIG. 30A shows a crimp tool 172 having a pair of jaws 174 that can be used to crimp member 176 about the tether cable 170. Thus, the first catheter 172, which may be referred to as a cable crimper, holds the crimp element 176 in the jaws 174 with the tether cable 170 pre-threaded through the crimp element and catheter shaft. The tensioning of the cable may be performed under ultrasound guidance. Although one tether cable 170 is shown in FIG. 30A, opposite ends of the tether that come from the mitral valve site preferably extend through the crimp element 176. Once the tether cable is tensioned, so as to bring the mitral valve into its proper diameter, then the crimp element 176 is actuated by the cable crimper 172 illustrated in FIG. 30A. Once the proper tension is achieved, the crimper is actuated by applying tension on the push-pull drive cable 175 and by closing the crimp element at the jaws 174 so that the crimp element crimps the tether cable 170 in the proper position and at the proper tension.
After the crimping or securing step, then the cable crimper is removed and the cutting catheter 182 is introduced as also illustrated in FIG. 30B. This catheter is also introduced over the tether cable 170 and through the guide catheter. It is advanced up to the crimp, and severs the cable with its jaws 184 by tensioning the push-pull drive cable 185. The procedure is now completed and the system catheters are then removed.
As indicated previously, the proximal end of the catheter is comprised of a disposable coupling mechanism that engages a drive mechanism, such as is shown in FIGS. 6 and 7. For this purpose, the coupler, identified in FIGS. 6 and 7 as couplers 24 and 26 are adapted for disengagement therebetween. One coupler section may be considered as transmitting motion to the guide catheter while the other coupler section may be considered as transmitting motion to the inner catheter and the drive cable. This involves the mechanical coupling of the guide catheter with the coupler so that actions of the guide catheter are controllable from the mechanical control elements of the coupler.
In one embodiment, a drive unit is coupled with the inner shaft and the guide shaft independently, the drive unit capable of independently effecting movement of each shaft to at least one degree of freedom.
For each coupler element, rotary disks transmit motion from the remotely controlled drive system to the catheter articulations. By way of example, in a first coupler element, a horizontal disk may drive the distal flexure. Another element may include disks, which control the axial and/or rotary positions of the inner catheter and, for example, the advance of the anchors. All of the coupling elements are mounted on a slider or sliders, which allows independent control of the linear advance of the outer and inner catheters. Again, refer to FIGS. 6 and 7. The catheter system including the inner and outer portions, as well as the proximal coupling element are disposable and mount removably to the drive member.
In accordance with the technique, such as described in FIG. 29, when the last anchor is in place, the inner robot catheter and deployment wire are removed. The physician can manually (or under computer control) adjust the tension in the cable and thus the diameter of the mitral valve after the first element of the cable termination system is threaded over the cable and through the robot guide catheter. Since this procedure is performed on a beating heart, the annular size can be optimized under direct ultrasound guidance. Once the mitral valve annulus has been precisely adjusted, a cable termination system, such as the one depicted in FIGS. 30A and 30B, clamps and cuts the cable. This completes the mitral valve repair procedure.
Another feature of the present invention provides a system for closing the base of a cardiac valve, such as a mitral valve. The closing can occur primarily by a stapling technique in which staples are attached to the valve ring or annulus to draw the annulus into a smaller diameter. In this way the leaflets are then more appropriately positioned for opening and closing.
FIG. 31 illustrates a staple array comprising delivery system 342 including storage housing 349 for a plurality of staples 350. Each of staples 350 is a surgical staple movably mounted within housing 349. Cable or wire 312 interconnects and loops through each of staples 350. Each staple 350 includes a pair of pointed ends 351 and center loop 353. The staple 350 at the most distal end of housing 351 (i.e. nearest the exit of housing 351) has cable 312 attached fixedly at loop 353, to prevent losing staples in the subject. For the remaining staples, cable or wire 312 freely loops through center loop 353. A release mechanism, not illustrated in FIG. 31, but which may be a standard design, can be used to move staples 350, one at a time, out of the housing 349. FIG. 31 also schematically illustrates a clamping mechanism 352 at the distal end of housing 349, for closing each of staples 350 as they exit housing 349.
FIG. 32 illustrates another method for repairing a mitral valve, featuring the use of staples to secure a ring to the mitral valve annulus. As will be described in further detail, a tether cable or filament is threaded through an array of staples or anchors via a first inner catheter. Once the attachment anchors are placed around the annulus, the first inner catheter is removed and a second inner catheter is disposed in the guide catheter. This second inner catheter allows the clinician to apply tension to the cable to reduce the mitral valve annulus circumference, in effect, pulling on a lasso. The annuloplasty is monitored by real-time echocardiographic quantitation of regurgitant flow attenuation, with and without after-load reduction. The clinician monitors the cardiac physiology for resolution of regurgitation. When the hemodynamics are optimized, still a further inner catheter device may be used so as to place a stop or crimp on the cable. Still another inner catheter device may be used to cut the cable. These latter two inner catheter devices may be robotic or non-robotic catheters.
Balloon 334 may be supported at distal end 332 of guide catheter 330. Once guide catheter 330 is positioned at a desired location, balloon 334 is inflated to secure guide catheter 330 to the wall with end 332 extending into the left atrium. Once balloon 334 is inflated, it can be snugged back against the septal wall between left atrium 220 and right atrium 221. The inner diameter of the catheter 330 may be on the order of approximately 5 mm in diameter. As an alternative to balloon 334, a malecot may be used, i.e. a mechanical device having expandable wings capable of securing catheter 330 against septal wall 238.
Guide catheter 330 coaxially nests flexible catheter 340 and its associated staple delivery system 342. With regard to this catheter construction, reference is made to a co-pending provisional application Ser. No. 60/269,200 filed Feb. 15, 2001, as well as pending application PCT serial number PCT/US00/12553, filed Nov. 16, 2000, both of which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety.
After balloon 334 is inflated to secure guide catheter 330 in position, flexible inner catheter 340 is threaded through guide catheter 330 to a position just above mitral valve 210, as illustrated in FIG. 32. Delivery system 342, associated with inner catheter 340, also passes through catheter 330, holding fiber 312 and staples 350 to an area about the mitral valve.
FIG. 32 also illustrates fiber 312 tracing a circumference about annulus 211, terminating at two end locations 345 and 356. The area traced by fiber 312 and where the stapling occurs is at a ring of relatively tough tissue just above the top of leaflet 213. The area not traced by fiber 312 is valve trigone area 215, which is relatively fixed and not easily contracted. Thus, the repair of the mitral valve, involving decreasing diameter 217 from dotted line to solid line, occurs away from trigone area 215.
Flexible catheter 340 is manipulated to cause a stapling about annulus 211 of mitral valve 210. The releasing of each staple is controlled by a mechanism preferably within flexible catheter 340 and operable from a user interface station remote from the subject. Once all of the stapling has occurred, wire 312 is pulled in the direction of arrow 361 in FIG. 32. This pulling causes a closure of valve annulus 211, as desired. Once the clinician is satisfied that the repair is complete, the cable 312 is then locked off with a crimp, such as illustrated at 365 in FIG. 33. This crimp may be facilitated by the insertion of a different catheter member 340 within the catheter 330, all while the cable 312 is held in the proper cinched-down position.
A plurality of staples 350 having loops 353 encircling fiber 312, secures fiber 312 to the annulus of the mitral valve, terminating at points 345 and 356. The procedure of looping fiber 312 and stapling can be performed via remote control from a master station under surgeon control with multiple degrees-of-freedom of the tool so as to accurately locate the implant fiber 312 and staples 350.
Fiber 312 is fixedly secured to end staple 350 at point 345. The remaining staples are free to glide along fiber 312. When all the staples are secured about the annulus, fiber 312 may be cinched down under ultrasonic guidance, watching for a reduction or elimination of the valve regurgitation. Once adequate tension has been placed on the cable 312, tension can be maintained without disengaging the closure system. This allows the clinician to monitor the patient for some period of time to confirm that the repair has taken place. Once the clinician is satisfied with the repair, the cable can be locked off with a crimp or by some other technique and the cable may then be cut.
Another feature of the present invention is that the technique can be performed under physiologic conditions. The physician can monitor the procedure by, for example, transesophageal echocardiography, instead of a video image. The aforementioned “lasso” technique enables real-time assessment of the correction of the mitral valve regurgitation (MR) as the “lasso” is tightened. This enables performance of intra-operative provocative cardiac testing, with preload and afterload challenges and cardiac pacing all under trans-esophageal echo and trans-thoracic ultrasound guidance to optimize repair.
FIG. 33 illustrates an expanded view of the finished repair region. A staple 350 is fixedly attached to fiber 312 at position 345. Pulling cable 312 through various loops 353 of staples 350 causes pulling of the annulus into a smaller diameter, thus closing the valve from an initially larger diameter, dotted outline 217, to a smaller diameter, solid outline in FIG. 32 at 217.
An alternate embodiment of a staple is illustrated in FIG. 34. Staple 362 may be an elastic-like staple, such as a nitinol staple. Staple 362 is normally biased to a closed position. A delivery system employs rod 364, or the like, to hold staple 362 open. As the rod is moved longitudinally to the array, each staple in sequence is sprung closed. Such an arrangement would avoid the necessity of a clamping mechanism 352 as illustrated in FIG. 31.
FIGS. 35A and 35B illustrate other embodiments of an outer catheter 550 and an inner catheter 554 extending through septal wall 560. These embodiments illustrate the outer (guide) catheter as a robotic catheter. It is understood that the instrument embodiments of FIGS. 20 and 32 may also encompass systems where the guide shaft is robotic. In FIG. 30, the guide catheter is also robotic. In FIGS. 35A and 35B, arrow 557 indicates rotation of outer catheter 550, and arrow 559 indicates flexing of outer catheter 550. In FIGS. 35A and 35B, inner catheter 554 can experience linear motion along the co-axis (arrow 562) and rotational motion (arrow 564). The outer catheter 550 may also be capable of independent linear translation. FIG. 35A illustrates inner catheter 554 as being capable of a controlled flex or bend, i.e. inner catheter 554 has a controlled flexible segment. Thus, the inner catheter of FIG. 35A is capable of deflecting in the direction of arrow 566.
FIG. 38 illustrates another embodiment of a catheter. Catheter 402 supports dumbbell-shaped balloon 414. As illustrated in FIG. 39, catheter 402 can be introduced into the left ventricle 218 directed upwardly with balloon 414 disposed at mitral valve 210. The mitral valve 210 separates the left ventricle 218 from the left atrium 220. As shown in FIG. 39, associated with the mitral valve is a ring of relatively tough tissue (the annulus) just above the top of valve leaflets 213.
FIG. 36 shows a cross-sectional view of the use of catheter 402 and balloon 414 for mitral valve repair. FIG. 36 shows the plurality of peripherally disposed anchor pins 405. FIG. 36A shows each anchor pin comprising a piercing end 426 and a loop end 428. A fiber or tether 408, as illustrated in FIGS. 36 and 37 extends through each of the loop ends 428 and has its ends at 409 free to extend through the catheter 402 to an external site where the tether can be tightened, as will be described in further detail hereinafter.
FIG. 37 also shows the position wherein pins 405 have been inserted into wall 247, which is a section of the ring of the mitral valve just above the leaflets. Pulling tether ends 409 together can close the ring, thus pulling loop ends 428 into a smaller diameter. This smaller diameter reduces the diameter of the ring of the mitral valve so as to minimize or prevent valve regurgitation.
Initially, FIGS. 38 and 39 illustrates balloon 314 positioned at a desired location and in a deflated state. FIG. 38 illustrates pins 405 disposed about a center section of balloon 414. In the rest or deflated position as illustrated in FIG. 38, the pins disposed at their most inner diameter. This innermost diameter state is also represented in the cross-sectional view of FIG. 36. Tether 408 may extend by way of catheter 402 to an external site where it can be operated, e.g. outside the body.
Once the catheter and balloon are in place, such as illustrated in FIG. 39, the balloon is inflated by a balloon inflation lumen in the direction of arrow 439 in FIG. 40. Arrangements for inflating balloons are well known and are practiced, for example, in the angioplasty field. Inflation pressure may be coupled by way of the port 441 to the interior of balloon 414 causing the balloon to expand. In FIG. 40 the balloon is shown only partially expanded. When fully expanded, the anchor pins 405 extend to the ring just above the leaflets as indicted at 445 in FIG. 40. The corresponding cross-sectional view is shown in FIG. 37, depicting the anchor pins 405 penetrating and anchoring the tissue. FIG. 37 illustrates a placement of tether ends 409. As the trigone portion of the base ring of the mitral valve is the most stable portion of the ring, it is preferred that tether ends 409 leave the loop at approximately the trigone area. In this way the drawing in of the diameter of the ring is more effective.
After the anchors are seated, as illustrated in FIG. 37, tether 408 can be tightened, thereby pulling the tissue together so as to repair the mitral valve and reduce or eliminate valve regurgitation.
Several different techniques may be used for guiding the catheter 402. For example, transesophageal ultrasound or transthorasic ultrasound may be employed. Also, radiopaque dye fluoroscopy or electrophysiologic techniques may be employed for positioning of the catheter. The tether can be placed about the mitral valve and tightened by using coaxial inner and outer catheters. The concepts illustrated in FIGS. 39 and 40 may be practiced either with or without robotic control.
The aforementioned techniques for guiding the catheter may also be used for monitoring the effectiveness of the technique of the present invention. By monitoring the positioning of the balloon, one can assure that the ends of the tether are preferably at the trigone area. Also, as the tether is tightened, the surgeon may monitor the mitral valve activity to determine whether the valve base ring has closed properly so as to reduce or eliminate valve regurgitation. Tether ends may be secured by knotting the ends thereof so as to hold the tether in a closed position.
The techniques described herein may also be applied in other medical procedures involving repair of other anatomic body members. For example, the techniques described in FIGS. 17-40 may be used in closing, tightening, or constricting other anatomic conduits including, but not limited to, lumens, valves, or sphincters. One example is in connection with drawing the sphincter into a smaller diameter. This smaller diameter is particularly useful in controlling “acid reflux” by constricting an expanded sphincter that couples between the stomach and esophagus. By tightening the sphincter, stomach acids are restricted to the stomach and don't pass back toward the esophagus. Access for such a technique may be via the patient's mouth. Of course, the techniques of the invention may also be applied in virtually any other medical procedures performed internally on the patient.
The present invention provides a relatively simple system, both in the construction and in its use. The capability to decouple components at the drive unit and the receiver results in a readily portable and readily manually insertable flexible instrument system that can be handled quite effectively by the surgeon or assistant when it is to be engaged with the patient. Only a minimal number of components are positioned within the sterile field, enabling facile manipulation about the surgical site. An advantage of the system of the present invention is the decoupling nature of the system. In the system of the present invention, the instrument, drive unit and controller are inherently decoupled (attachable and detachable). The decouplable design enables the slave station to be readily portable. The instrument can be maintained as sterile but the drive unit need not be sterilized.
The instrument of the present invention is relatively small because the actuators are not housed in any articulating structure in the system of this invention. Because the actuators are remote, they may be placed under the operating table or in another convenient location and out of the sterile field. Because the drive unit is fixed and stationary, the motors may be arbitrary in size and configuration. Finally, the design allows multiple, specialized instruments to be coupled to the drive unit, allowing a user to design the instrument for particular surgical disciplines.
Having now described a limited number of embodiments of the present invention, it should now be apparent to those skilled in the art that numerous other embodiments and modifications thereof are contemplated as falling within the scope of the present invention.
a flexible guide shaft for being disposed through a vascular lumen and having a distal end for being disposed at a predetermined location in a subject;
a single flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end an articulating tool, the inner shaft being insertable into the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site; and
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of tool, the drive unit being remote controllably drivable by a user via an electrical controller form a manually controllable device.
2. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible inner shaft includes at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism drivably coupled to the tool via at least a first mechanical cabling and at least a second mechanical cable intercoupling the drive unit and the mechanically drivable mechanism.
a flexible guide shaft having a distal end for being disposed at a predetermined location in a subject;
a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end a tool, the inner shaft being insertable into the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site;
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool, the drive unit being remote controllably drivable by a user via a manually controllable device;
wherein the flexible inner shaft includes at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism drivably coupled to the tool; and
a mounting mechanism drivably intercoupled with the drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being readily mountable on the mounting mechanism to enable drivable intercoupling from the drive unit through the mounting mechanism to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
4. The device of claim 3, wherein the drive unit is disposed at a first location remote from a second location at which the mounting mechanism is disposed, and further including at least a first tendon intercoupling the drive unit and the mounting mechanism and at least a second tendon intercoupling the mechanically drivable mechanism and the tool.
5. The device of claim 3, wherein the drive unit comprises a plurality of motors, each motor being readily drivably interconnected to and disconnected from the mechanically drivable mechanism.
7. The device of claim 3, wherein the mounting mechanism is readily engageable with the disengageable from the mechanically drivable mechanism.
8. The device of claim 7, wherein the flexible shafts extend to the mechanically drivable mechanism, the flexible shafts and mechanically drivable mechanism being readily manually portable.
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool, the drive unit being remote controllably drivable by a user via an electrical controller from a remote manually controllable device;
wherein the guide shaft supports an inflatable balloon, for holding the distal end of the flexible guide shaft at the predetermined location against an anatomic wall of the subject.
10. The device of claim 1, wherein the flexible inner shaft has a controlled flexible segment controlled from the drive unit for controlling a bending action thereat.
flexible guide shaft having a distal end for being disposed at a predetermined location in a subject;
a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end a tool, the inner shaft being insertable into the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site; and
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool, the drive unit being remote controllably drivable by a user from an electrical controller via a manually controllable device;
wherein the flexible inner shaft has a controlled flexible segment controlled from the drive unit for controlling a bending action thereat;
wherein the flexible guide shaft has a controlled flexible segment controlled from the drive unit for controlling a bending action thereat.
12. The device of claim 11, wherein the inner shaft and the tool is constructed and arranged as a single piece disposable unit, and the controlled bending action is controlled from the manually controllable device via an electrical controller.
a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end that is connected to a tool used in performing a medical procedure, the inner shaft being insertable into the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site; and
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled movement thereof and actuation of the tool, the drive unit being remote controllably drivable by a user from an electrical controller via a manually controllable device;
wherein the drive unit also intercouples with the flexible guide shaft for controlled movement thereof;
whereby user initiated independent control of movement of both the flexible guide shaft and the flexible inner shaft is a via the drive unit from the remote manually controllable device.
15. The device of claim 14, wherein the flexible guide shaft has at least one controlled flexible segment and the drive unit controls bending at the flexible segment of the flexible guide shaft.
16. The device of claim 15, wherein the flexible inner shaft has at least one controlled flexible segment and the drive unit controls bending at the flexible segment of the flexible inner shaft, and wherein the flexible segments of both shafts are positioned about their distal ends.
17. The device of claim 14, further comprising cabling extending along the inner shaft, controlled from the drive unit, and for actuation of the tool and cabling extending between the drive unit and the proximal end of the flexible inner shaft.
18. The device of claim 1, further comprising an input device and an electrical computation system coupled to the drive unit, the computation system capable of receiving commands from the input device thereby operating the drive unit.
a flexible inner shaft inserted within a flexible guide shaft, a tool being disposed at a distal end of the inner shaft for insertion into a subject;
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft and the guide shaft separately, the drive unit capable of independently effecting movement of each shaft to at least one degree of freedom for the flexible guide shaft and at least two degrees of freedom for the flexible inner shaft; and
a user input interface including an electrical controller remote from the drive unit, for remote controllable manipulating the inner and guide shafts;
wherein at least one of said flexible inner shaft and said flexible guide shaft has a controlled flexible segment controlled from the user input interface via the drive unit for controlling a bending action thereat.
a flexible disposable inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end supporting at its distal end a tool, the inner shaft being insertable through the guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at an operative site;
a drive unit coupled with the inner shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool and controlled deformation of one or more flexible portions of the inner shaft, the drive unit being remote controllable drivable by a user via a manually controllable device;
wherein the proximal end of the inner shaft includes a mechanically drivable mechanism drivably couplable to the drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being disposable together with the tool as a unit; and
a mounting mechanism drivably intercoupled with the drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being removably mountable on the mounting mechanism to enable drivable intercoupling from the drive unit through the mounting mechanism to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
22. The device of claim 20, wherein the drive unit is disposed at a first location remoter from a second location at which the mounting mechanism is disposed and the drive unit is controlled from the manually controllable device via an electrical controller.
24. The device of claim 20, wherein the flexible guide shaft is inserted through a body lumen to reach the operative site.
27. The device of claim 20, wherein at least said flexible guide shaft is constructed and arranged so that its physical properties mat at least some length thereof inherently and sufficiently deformable so as to enable it to readily pass atraumatically into a body lumen.
28. A remotely controllable flexible instrument system for performing a medical procedure on a subject, comprising:
a flexible instrument shaft having proximal and distal ends, carrying a tool at the distal end thereof, and insertable into the subject so as to dispose the tool at an internal target site where the medical procedure is to be performed;
a flexible guide shaft constructed and arranged so that at least some length thereof is inherently and sufficiently deformable so to readily flex and pass atraumatically through an anatomic lumen of the subject;
said flexible instrument shaft nested in a receiving passage of the flexible guide shaft and adapted to pass and be guided therethrough for positioning the tool at the internal target site;
a drive unit coupled with the flexible instrument shaft for providing controlled movement of the flexible instrument shaft with at least two degree of freedom, one of which is tool actuation and coupled with the flexible guide shaft for providing at least one degree of freedom of movement thereof; and
a user input interface controlled by a medical practitioner, remote from the drive unit, and coupled via an electrical controller which receives commands from the interface and transmit signals to the drive unit in accordance with manipulations of the medical practitioner for controlling with movement of the flexible shafts.
29. The system of claim 28 wherein said flexible instrument shaft is controlled with at least three degrees of freedom and has a controllably flexible section that is remotely controlled from said user input interface for selective bending of the flexible instrument shaft.
30. The system of claim 29 wherein said flexible guide shaft is controlled with at least two degrees of freedom and has a controllably flexible section that is remotely controlled from said user input interface for selective bending of the flexible guide shaft.
31. The system of claim 28 including a third shaft nested with the instrument and guide shafts, and remotely controllable from the user input interface.
33. The system of claim 32 wherein all of the plurality of motors are maintained in a stationary position even as the flexible instrument shaft is moved.
35. The system of claim 28 further including a mechanically drivable mechanism at the proximal end of the flexible instrument shaft and drivably coupled to the tool, and a mounting mechanism drivably intercoupled with the drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being removably mountable on the mounting mechanism for drivable intercoupling with the drive unit.
36. The system of claim 35 including a coupling member for enabling ready engagement with and disengagement between the mechanically drivable mechanism and the mounting mechanism.
37. A remotely controllable flexible instrument system for performing a medical procedure on a subject, comprising:
a flexible guide shaft having a distal end for being disposed at a predetermined location in the subject;
a flexible working shaft having a proximal end and a distal end, supporting at its distal end a tool, the flexible working shaft being insertable through the flexible guide shaft so as to be nested therewith and to dispose the tool at an internal operative site of the subject;
an electrically driven drive unit mechanically coupled with the flexible working shaft for providing controlled actuation of the tool; and
a user input interface controlled by a medical practitioner, remote from the drive unit, and coupled via an electrical controller which receives commands from the interface and transmits signals to the drive unit in accordance with manipulations of the medical practitioner for controlling the movement of the flexible working shaft;
said drive unit comprising one or more stationary motors mechanically, removably and drivably interconnected to the proximal end of the flexible working shaft.
39. The system of claim 37 wherein at least the motor that controls the tool is maintained in a stationary position.
40. The system of claim 37 wherein two or more of said motors are maintained in a stationary position.
41. The system of claim 37 wherein said flexible working shaft has a controllably flexible section that is remotely controlled from said user input interface for selective bending of the flexible working shaft.
42. The system of claim 41 wherein said flexible guide shaft has a controllably flexible section that is remotely controlled from said user input interface for selective bending of the flexible guide shaft.
43. The system of claim 37 including a third shaft nested with the working and guide shafts, and remotely controllable from the user input interface.
providing a flexible instrument shaft having a distal end that interconnects with a tool, the shaft further including at a proximal end thereof a mechanically drivable mechanism for controlling the tool at an operative site of a patient;
inserting the flexible instrument shaft into and through the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at the operative site;
mechanically controlling the tool, via a drive unit and an electrical controller, and from an user input interface; and
independently activating the flexible instrument shaft and the flexible guide shaft by operating the drive unit at a location remote from the shaft, so as to thereby effect positioning of the tool at the operative site.
47. The method of claim 44, wherein said step of inserting the flexible guide shaft comprises providing access through a natural body orifice.
48. The method of claim 44, including providing at least one controlled flexible segment about the distal end of the instrument shaft capable of bending and controlled from the user input device for positioning the tool at the operative site.
49. The method of claim 48, including providing at least one controlled flexible segment about the distal end of the guide shaft capable of bending and controlled from the user input device.
providing a flexible inner shaft having a working distal end adapted for insertion into a subject to an operative site;
inserting the flexible inner shaft into and through the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the working end at the operative site;
activating movement of the flexible inner shaft with at least three degrees of freedom including activation of the working distal end;
activating the flexible guide shaft, independently from the flexible inner shaft, and with at least one degree of freedom; and
controlling the activating from a user input interface remote from the shafts, for remote controllably manipulating the flexible inner and guide shafts.
51. The method of claim 50 wherein the step of activating the flexible guide shaft includes operating a tool at the working end whereby the tool can turn to a position outside of a longitudinal axis of the shaft.
52. The method of claim 50 including providing a remote controllable segment of both the flexible guide shaft and the flexible instrument shaft, and the activating step includes remote controlling the segments from the input interface via an electrical computation means.
providing a flexible inner shaft carrying a tool that is actuable, disposed at a distal end of the flexible inner shaft and adapted for insertion into a subject to an operative site;
inserting the flexible inner shaft into and through the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at the operative site;
activating the flexible guide shaft with at least one degree of freedom to, in turn, control disposition of said flexible inner shaft; and
55. The method of claim 53 including operating the flexible inner shaft via a remote controllable flexible segment thereof.
56. The method of claim 55 including operating the flexible guide shaft via a remote controllable flexible segment thereof.
a flexible inner shaft having a working distal end adapted for insertion into a subject to an operative site;
said flexible guide shaft being inserted into the subject and receiving therethough the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the working end at the operative site;
said flexible inner shaft being controlled with at least two degrees of freedom, one of which is activation of the working distal end;
said flexible guide shaft being controlled, independently from the flexible inner shaft, and with at least one degree of freedom;
said shafts being controlled from a user input interface remote from the shaft, for remote controllably manipulating the flexible inner and guide shafts.
58. The instrument of claim 57 wherein said working distal end includes an articulating tool having a pivot for moving the tool away from a longitudinal axis of the inner shaft.
60. The instrument of claim 59 wherein the flexible inner shaft is controlled with at least three degrees of freedom.
61. The instrument of claim 57 wherein said working distal end comprises a medical procedure mechanism that is actuated by at least one cable.
providing a flexible guide shaft having at least one remotely controllable bendable segment disposed therealong;
providing a flexible inner shaft carrying a tool disposed at a distal end of the flexible inner shaft and adapted for insertion into a subject to an operative site;
64. The method of claim 63 including controlling the activating of the flexible guide shaft by controlling the bending of a flexible segment of the flexible guide shaft.
65. The method of claim 64 including controlling an activating of the flexible inner shaft by controlling a bending of a flexible segment of the flexible inner shaft.
66. The method of claim 65 including controlling the tool and the flexible segments from the manually operable input device, and via the electrical controller.
67. A medical device for performing a medical procedure at an operative site of a patient, said medical device comprising:
a flexible guide shaft having a proximal end for being disposed outside the patient and a distal end for being disposed adjacent the operative site;
a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a distal end, said distal end supporting a tool used in performing the medical procedure;
said flexible inner shaft nested in a receiving passage of the flexible guide shaft and adapted to be received in and threaded through the flexible guide shaft for positioning the tool at the internal target site;
said flexible guide shaft having a flexible segment that is remotely controlled for controlling a bending action thereat so as to direct the location of the flexible inner shaft;
said flexible guide shaft having at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism for controlling said flexible segment.
68. The medical device of claim 67 wherein said inner shaft comprises an inner instrument tube, and further having at least one cable extending through said inner instrument tube for actuating said tool.
69. The medical device of claim 67 including a mounting mechanism drivably intercoupled with a drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being readily mountable on the mounting mechanism to enable drivable intercoupling from the drive unit through the mounting mechanism to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
70. The medical device of claim 69, wherein the drive unit is disposed at a first location remote from a second location at which the mounting mechanism is disposed, and further including at least a first tendon intercoupling the drive unit and the mounting mechanism and at least a second tendon intercoupling the mechanically drivable mechanism and the tool.
71. A medical device for performing a medical procedure at an operative site of a patient, said medical device comprising:
said flexible inner shaft nested in a receiving message passage of the flexible guide shaft and adapted to be received in and threaded through the flexible guide shaft for positioning the tool at the internal target size;
said flexible guide shaft having at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism drivably coupled to said flexible segment;
said mechanically drivable mechanism being removably mountable on a mounting mechanism to enable drivable intercoupling from an external drive through the mounting mechanism to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
72. The medical device of claim 71 including at least one stationary motor for providing mechanical drive to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
73. The medical device of claim 71 wherein said flexible guide shaft is positioned for passage through a vascular lumen to the operative site.
providing a flexible inner shaft carrying a tool that is cable actuated, disposed at a distal end of the flexible inner shaft and adapted for insertion into a subject to an operative site;
threading the flexible inner shaft into and through the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the tool at the operative site;
75. The method of claim 74 wherein the step of activating the flexible guide shaft with at least one degree of freedom includes providing a flexible segment of the flexible guide shaft that is remotely controlled for controlling a bending action thereat so as to direct the location of the flexible inner shaft.
76. The method of claim 75 wherein the activating step include activating said flexible guide shaft from a user input interface having a manually operable input device via an electrical controller for remote controllably manipulating the flexible guide shaft.
77. A remotely controllable flexible instrument system for performing a medical procedure on a subject, comprising:
a flexible instrument shaft having proximal and distal ends, and insertable into the subject so as to dispose the distal end at an internal target site where the medical procedure is to be performed;
a flexible guide shaft constructed and arranged so that at least some length thereof is inherently and sufficiently deformable so to readily flex and pass atraumatically through an anatomic vascular lumen of the subject;
said flexible instrument shaft nested in a receiving passage of the flexible guide shaft and adapted to pass and be threaded therethrough for positioning the distal end at the internal target site;
a drive unit coupled with the flexible guide shaft for providing at least one degree of freedom of movement thereof; and
a user input interface controlled by a medical practitioner, remote from the drive unit, and coupled via an electrical controller which receives commands from the interface and transmits signals to the drive unit in accordance with manipulations of the medical practitioner for controlling the movement of the flexible guide shaft.
78. The system of claim 77 wherein said flexible guide shaft has a controllably flexible section that is remotely controlled from said user input interface for selective bending of the flexible instrument shaft.
80. The system of claim 78 wherein the flexible guide shaft has at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism for controlling said flexible section.
81. The system of claim 80 including a mounting mechanism drivably intercoupled with the drive unit, the mechanically drivable mechanism being removably mountable on the mounting mechanism to enable drivable intercoupling from the drive unit though the mounting mechanism to the mechanically drivable mechanism.
providing a flexible guide shaft having a distal end directed to said operative site, the flexible guide shaft further including at a proximal end thereof a mechanically drivable mechanism for controlling the position of the flexible guide shaft;
threading the flexible instrument shaft into and through the flexible guide shaft so as to dispose the working end at the operative site;
activating a controllable flexible section of the flexible guide shaft by operating a stationary drive unit form a user interface input device that is remote from the shaft via an electrical controller, so as to thereby effect positioning of the flexible instrument shaft.
83. A medical device of performing a medical procedure at an internal operative site of a patient, said medical device comprising:
a flexible inner shaft having a proximal end and a working distal end used in performing the medical procedure;
said flexible inner shaft nested in a receiving passage of the flexible guide shaft and adapted to be received in and threaded through the flexible guide shaft for positioning the working distal end at the operative site;
said flexible guide shaft having at its proximal end a mechanically drivable mechanism for controlling said flexible segment;
said mechanically drivable mechanism comprising at least one rotatable body from which a tendon controls said flexible segment.
84. The medical device of claim 83 including an electro-mechanical drive unit coupled with the inner shaft being remote controllably drivable by a user via an electrical controller from a manually controllable user input device.
85. The medical device of claim 84 including at least one interlocking rotatable element engageable with said rotatable body for transferring mechanical motion from the drive unit to the flexible guide shaft.
86. The medical device of claim 85 including a plurality of rotatable bodies and corresponding rotatable elements for controlling multiple degrees of freedom.
FR0203288A FR2822054A1 (en) 1998-02-24 2002-03-15 Device for use with remote controlled surgical interventions has disposable pipes and connections to increase cleanliness and lower risk of infection during a surgical intervention
US8517923B2 (en) * 2000-04-03 2013-08-27 Intuitive Surgical Operations, Inc. Apparatus and methods for facilitating treatment of tissue via improved delivery of energy based and non-energy based modalities
US6991643B2 (en) * 2000-12-20 2006-01-31 Usgi Medical Inc. Multi-barbed device for retaining tissue in apposition and methods of use
US20060167529A1 (en) 2005-01-26 2006-07-27 Schecter Stuart O Method and algorithm for defining the pathologic state from a plurality of intrinsically and extrinsically derived signals
US8219178B2 (en) 2007-02-16 2012-07-10 Catholic Healthcare West Method and system for performing invasive medical procedures using a surgical robot
US8738181B2 (en) * 2007-04-16 2014-05-27 Alexander Greer Methods, devices, and systems for automated movements involving medical robots
US7862554B2 (en) 2007-04-16 2011-01-04 Intuitive Surgical Operations, Inc. Articulating tool with improved tension member system


The multifunctional and classic Abranet is especially developed for sanding putty, primers, lacquers, composite materials and a wide range of other materials for industrial use. Abranet combines high performance and a longer lifespan than traditional abrasives, making it a cost-effective solution. Designed for dry sanding by machine or by hand, its true dust-free sanding characteristics result in a cleaner work environment, as well as a better surface finish.
Mirka Abranet 70x125mm Strips combine high performance and a longer lifespan than traditional abrasives, making it a cost-effective solution. Designed for dry sanding by machine or by hand, its true dust-free sanding characteristics result in a cleaner work environment, as well as a better surface finish.
Mirka Abranet is suitable for Automotive Refinishing, Construction, Decoration, Wood Processing, Metal Processing, Composites Processing, Do It Yourself, Marine Industry and Vehicle Manufacturing.
Mirka Abranet 70x125mm Strips are suitable for all types of applications. For a list of the types of machinery they can be used on, please see below.
1000 3000 Ultra fine grit is used in onjuction with polishing creams to create high gloss paint and lacquer finishes.
The SIA 1960 siarexx 115mm x 50m Paper Roll is the ideal abrasive product with price and performance in mind. It has optimised wear properties for handheld machine sanding.
The SIA 1960 siarexx 115mm x 50m Paper Roll can used with handheld machine sanders with a 115mm width configuration, manually by hand or with a hand sanding block.
The SIA 1960 siarexx 115mm x 50m Paper Roll can be used for Keying of solid wood, Intermediate sanding of varnishes on surfaces and curves, Keying of primers, primer fillers and bodyfillers and Final sanding as preparation for painting.
SIA 1960 siarexx 115mm x 50m Paper Roll are suitable for all types of applications. For a list of the types of machinery they can be used on, please see below.

For savvy and sophisticated home enthusiasts, eImprovement is the simple kitchen/bath remodeling solution that delivers inspiration, education, and quality because only eImprovement is passionate about exceptional customer experiences.
thonet bentwood cane rocking chair made in poland for sale rocker,thonet bentwood rocking chair made in poland original incredible sold style rehab vintage cane,thonet bentwood rocking chair for sale best images about on upholstery chairs and original cane,michael thonet bentwood rocking chair original antique of made in poland,thonet bentwood cane rocking chair original patina stamp by michael,thonet bentwood rocking chair made in poland gebruder cane,thonet bentwood rocking chair for sale antique designers to michael cane,thonet bentwood rocking chair for sale cane gebruder fancy antique model chairs gallery,thonet bentwood rocking chair made in poland gebruder stunning antique layout chairs michael,original thonet bentwood rocking chair bent wood 1 michael made in poland.
Kinky mom and boy porn tube and cougar free crazy fucking with younger. Archive page: October 2012 at Corporal
Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.
Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, showers, wet rooms, toilet facilities, tiling and electrics.Fitting entire bathrooms including, baths, show
As one of the most personal, functional and busiest areas in the house, you want your kitchen just right. We can assist you to realize your perfect ki
"We used AAA Contractors to refit our studios and offices when we first started our company. They completed on time and we couldn't have been happier. Since then we have used them several times over the years for a redecorating, general maintenance and most recently to give our call centre a 'cable tidy'. Thank you. "
"Painting and woodwork renovation on the outside of the house. Excellent work. Professional, considerate and quick."
This really is ideal for attorneys certified in many jurisdictions or for attorneys that have fulfilled their CLE necessity but really need to entry resourceful info for their apply regions. Perspective Now
Deleting unneeded legacy details can make extensive-expression Expense, time and efficiency Advantages for virtually any organization. Find out ways to leverage defensible deletion to enhance your business functions today.
In 1985, the Delaware Supreme Court handed one of its most debated judgments, Smith v Van Gorkom.[152] The directors of TransUnion, including Jerome W. Van Gorkom, were being sued by the shareholders for failing to adequately study the Company's worth, before approving a sale price of $55 for each share into the Marmon Team. The Courtroom held that to get a safeguarded business judgment, "the administrators of a company [must have] acted on an knowledgeable foundation, in very good faith and during the honest perception the motion taken was in the top interests of the company." Failing to act on an informed basis, if it triggered reduction, would total to gross negligence, and listed here the administrators were being liable. The decision induced a stress amongst corporate boards which thought they'd be exposed to significant legal responsibility, and coverage companies who feared mounting expenditures of furnishing administrators and officers legal responsibility insurance plan to corporate boards. In response to lobbying, the Delaware Normal Company Legislation was amended to insert a brand new §102(b)(7). This authorized companies to give directors immunity from legal responsibility for breach in the obligation of care of their constitution. However, for those organizations which didn't introduce liability waivers, the courts subsequently proceeded to lessen the duty of care outright.[153] In 1996, In re Caremark Global Inc. By-product Litigation[154] demanded "an utter failure to attempt to assure a reasonable information and reporting process exists", and in 2003 In re Walt Disney Derivative Litigation[one hundred fifty five] went even more.
Most corporate legislation empower administrators, as aspect of their administration capabilities, to pick which strategies will endorse an organization's success during the passions of all stakeholders. Administrators will periodically come to a decision regardless of whether and how much of a corporation's revenue ought to be shared amid directors' very own spend, the pay for workers (e.g. no matter whether to extend or not up coming money calendar year), the dividends or other returns to shareholders, no matter if to reduced or raise rates for buyers, regardless of whether to retain and reinvest earnings while in the business, or no matter whether to produce charitable and also other donations. Most states have enacted "constituency statutes",[130] which point out expressly that administrators are empowered to equilibrium the passions of all stakeholders in the way in which that their conscience, or great religion selections would dictate. This discretion ordinarily applies when producing a choice with regards to the distribution of corporate methods between diverse groups, or in whether or not to protect from a takeover bid. By way of example, in Shlensky v Wrigley[129] the president in the Chicago Cubs baseball crew was sued by stockholders for allegedly failing to pursue the target of shareholder revenue maximization.
We warranty you’ll get larger scores and have an Extraordinary check prep expertise. In the event you don’t, we’ll refund your tuition or let you prep again without spending a dime.
In the late twentieth century, having said that, The difficulty of no matter if a corporation counted like a "human being" for all or some uses acquired political importance. Originally, in Buckley v Valeo[35] a slight greater part of your US Supreme Court docket experienced held that natural folks ended up entitled to invest endless amounts of their very own revenue on their own political strategies. Over a strong dissent, The bulk therefore held that portions of the Federal Election Marketing campaign Act of 1974 were unconstitutional since paying out dollars was, in The bulk's perspective, a manifestation of the proper to freedom of speech below the main Modification. This didn't have an effect on firms, though The difficulty arose in Austin v Michigan Chamber of Commerce.[36] A in another way constituted US Supreme Court held, with 3 dissents, the Michigan Marketing campaign Finance Act could, compatibly with the initial Modification, prohibit political investing by businesses. Nonetheless, by 2010, the Supreme Courtroom had a distinct majority. Inside a 5 to four selection, Citizens United v Federal Election Fee[34] held that organizations have been persons that should be guarded in the same was as pure individuals below the main Modification, and so that they were entitled to spend unrestricted quantities of cash in donations to political strategies.
Point out and federal regulations control almost each individual aspect of a corporation's internal administrative processes. Steps for example issuing inventory, calling board conferences, appointing or firing officers, and communicating with shareholders are all governed by numerous state and federal statutes.
[13] Even so, distinctive states experienced distinctive corporate legislation. To extend income from corporate tax, personal states experienced an incentive to lessen their expectations in a very "race to the bottom" to appeal to corporations to arrange their headquarters in the state, particularly wherever administrators controlled the choice to incorporate. "Charter Opposition", via the nineteen sixties, experienced led Delaware to become home to the majority of the biggest US firms. This intended that the case legislation in the Delaware Chancery and Supreme Court docket grew to become increasingly influential. In the 1980s, an enormous takeover and merger boom lessened directors' accountability. To fend off a takeover, courts authorized boards to institute "poison pills" or "shareholder legal rights programs", which allowed directors to veto any bid – and probably receive a payout for permitting a takeover occur. Increasingly more people's retirement personal savings have been remaining invested in to the inventory market place, as a result of pension money, life insurance policies and mutual funds. This resulted in an enormous growth during the asset management field, which tended to get control of voting legal rights. Both equally the economical sector's share of profits, and govt purchase chief executive officers started to increase much beyond true wages for the rest of the workforce. The Enron scandal of 2001 brought about some reforms inside the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (on separating auditors from consultancy get the job done). The global economical crisis of 2007 led to minimal modifications during the Dodd-Frank Act (on gentle regulation of pay back, alongside by-product marketplaces). Nonetheless, The fundamental shape of corporate legislation in The us has remained a similar Considering that the 1980s. Corporations and civil legislation[edit]
Thomas Jefferson launched the first tutorial law program to The us when he produced a professorship in regulation at William and Mary in 1779. George Wythe, a Virginia judge at the time and, later, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, was the primary to fill the submit. Harvard wasn't significantly guiding, and was now creating lawyers of reputation within the mid-1700s. The number of corporate legal professionals grew exponentially inside the 1980s when industrial activity was at its peak.
Based in Los Angeles, I assist persons and businesses all over Southern California along with the country with a diverse selection of amusement law matters, from contract negotiations to mental residence protection. My shoppers comprise famous people, artists, sports activities figures and performers, coupled with businesses and governing administration entities.
Geographic spot. Legal professionals in big towns might demand more money than All those in scaled-down communities.
Experienced corporate, securities and business transaction attorney desired for of counsel place having a countrywide legislation company situated in West Palm Seaside....
Though only five miles from Bienne, it feels like a whole different world here in Bueren an der Aare, a picturesque little town of 3,000 inhabitants. Coming into the town center, traffic has to take turns passing through a historic single lane wooden covered bridge.
I'm here to visit Witschi Electronics, the dominant player in the field of testing and measurement equipment for the watch industry. The headquarters/factory stands about two blocks from the city center and the three-story red brick building is long (maybe a block long) and narrow. Why is the building so narrow? It turns out an English watchmaking company built the structure back in the 1800's. With the narrow building it allowed more light into the place-good if you're a watchmaker sitting at your desk trying to see what you're doing.
Upon reaching the reception desk I don't even have to open my mouth as receptionist Sabrina Tavoni recognizes me from the news clippings sent with my letter of introduction. In a few minutes I'm given a warm and enthusiastic welcome from CEO Andreas Blaesi.
About 65 employees work here. The building was bought in 1989 and it's a protected structure. Different countries have different words for describing historic buildings--in England they're called listed buildings. Being designated a historical significant structure severely limits changes an owner can make to the exterior and many times to the interior.
I'm given an extensive tour of the facility and one gets the feeling employees are part of a of a family. Blaesi's easy rapport with employees might have something to do with one of his former positions at the company, head of human resources. We drop by Friedrich Witschi's office for a visit, his family founded the company in 1947. I guessimate Witschi to be in his 60's and his office is more like a workshop as we catch him fiddling around with an instrument box.
Wandering through the production area for test instruments Blaesi instructs me to take off my watch. It's then placed into an ALC 7000, a watch leak test instrument. The machine verifies that the watch is as waterproof as it says it is (it's stamped on the back). Some of the machines here aren't cheap as I'm shown one going for 400,000 Swiss francs (about $300,000).
There's a nice cozy break room with an outside terrace, which could pass for a Starbucks. There's no formal dress code, no smoking in the workplace, it's about a mile to the nearest freeway, 80 miles to Zurich Airport and there's plenty of employee parking-including covered parking for commuting bicyclists.
CEO Blaesi occupies a second floor middle office. I count three real plants. The view out his window? Tall trees which block the view of nearby train tracks.
It seems every time I'm given a tour of a watch factory I spot the name "Bergeon" stamped on various tools, machinery and even the watchmaker's workbench. Hmm, I better visit this company.
Right smack in the middle of downtown Le Locle (population 11,000) and a stone's throw away from the town's impressive turn-of-the-century city hall building is where I find the five-story, company-owned headquarters of Bergeon & Cie. Built in 1947, the exterior of the building contains two glass displays filled with tools used by watchmakers.
After checking in with the helpful and friendly receptionist I'm soon meeting with Arnold Calmonte, Executive Sales Director. No complaints here as the engaging Calmonte, who's been with the company over 30 years, answers my questions and gives an extensive tour of the place. The building is a lot bigger than it looks from the front as it extends to the next street in the rear. Besides being the head office it's also a warehouse and distribution center. Bergeon supplies watchmakers and jewelers around the world with the tools of their trade and has done so since its founding in Le Locle way back in 1791. In fact, in its 213-years of existence, Bergeon has always been located within two blocks of its present site.
The lobby contains a large showroom displaying a vast array of products offered in Bergeon's catalogs. About 60 people work here. Management gets reserved parking, smoking isn't allowed in the workplace, there's no formal dress code. Though there're no onsite recreational facilities, exercise can be had by trekking up and down the stairs as there's no elevator.
Nothing special about General Director Michel Soldini's no-frills, third floor corner office. Company's website: www.bergeon.ch


We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it
Transferring your office to a new site or moving your family to a new home can be both exhilarating and stressful. Choosing the right Local Removals Company can help to reduce stress levels and bring real peace of mind. We have a fleet of vehicles that are well maintained and clean. Our vehicles are big enough to carry both household and office furniture. Furthermore, continue reading on Removals Bromley profile page to find more information on our high quality services at Removals Bromley Company.
At the heart of our company, we believe in value for money and we keep the safety of our customer’s premises and goods at the forefront of our minds. On the first contact that a customer places to Removals Bromley, we would arrange a prompt office or home visit for you. Furthermore, once we’ve assessed your individual needs, we will then send you a clear and comprehensive quotation. So, you know you will have a reliable service from us. The information provided in this Removals Bromley profile page will help you to find more on our top-notch services and well experienced team members.
Having years of experience working as a driver and removals specialist for Removals Company Bromley has given me the exposure to learn and explore new areas that I never thought I will venture into. My job is to ensure that adequate care is taken when transporting the goods that are carried to and from a property.
From a very young age I've had experience in the removals industry. It is an immense pride to serve the people of Bromley and Surrounding areas. They have so much trust in our services. Our team is quick to serve our customers and are timely in delivering our services.
As a assistant removals specialist, my job is to ensure that the entire removals process is running smoothly from start to finish. It is important that you choose a member of the National Guild of removers. And also, you should make sure you have all the benefits that are mention in the agreement. Such as insurance as per your written requirements etc.
I have been working for Removal Company Bromley for over 10 years. Because, their dedication towards perfection is what I love. I am working as a customer service manager. My job duty is to ensure that I improve the customer service experience. And also, to check whether the company running in an efficient and profitable manner.
The professional team members we mentioned above in the Removals Bromley profile page are solely responsible for our success. As they play major roles within our business, it is easy to achieve our targets. From experience, each and every employee is at the top level. So, you can have a better experience of moving because of our qualified and experienced members.
At Bromley Removals, our staff is all well trained and highly skilled movers. We are committed to giving our customers the best experience of quality local removal service.
Our dedicated staff are available 6 days a week. We have an emergency line to contact us. If customers have the need to move or relocate in an emergency.
We have a fleet of vans both suitable for heavy duty removals and light removals. Our Luton vans are used to transport heavy goods as they come with a tail lift.
As a leading removal service provider in Bromley, we offer you a simple payment scheme. While our service is superb, our charges are reasonable for all the services.
Our name is very popular among the customers in Bromley, because of our dedicated team. At removals Bromley, all our team members are committed to give you the best moving experience. We keep the quality of our service remarkable in order to make our customers satisfied. Moreover, we are available 6 days a week. From a single phone call, you can contact us. One of our customer representatives will answer your call quickly. Furthermore, to give you the best experience of moving, we use our own vehicles. Whether it’s a local move or international removal, we use our own vehicles to transport your items. And importantly, our charges are very reasonable. As customer satisfaction is our priority, we give you an affordable removal experience with a competitive price. As a result of that, our customers recommend us to their friends to give them the best moving experience, too.
We have the man power, equipment, and also supplies necessary to make your move a success. Therefore, no move is too big or too small for us. For our packing services, we offer a comprehensive packing solution that is tailor made to suit your requirements. As you can see, Removals Bromley is a well-established removal company, with over 12 years experience, with a lot of return customers.
Furthermore, to make things easier and stress-free for our customers, we give out a moving checklist during our initial inspection so as to ease the burden of our customer’s move. It doesn’t just stop there! We also offer moving advice and provide cost effective removals solutions. We know that we always give our 100% in all that we do. Don’t take our word for it, visit Removals Bromley testimonial page to see what our customers have to say about us. Once you have agreed to use our services, we will then send out a free quotation delivered by email to you within 24 hours. Our main aim is to ensure that we retain the reputation which has backed us so well for the past 12 years. You too can be one of our happy clients. With the details we provided you in this Removals Bromley Profile page, you can trust on our services. Therefore, call us for any inquiries.
I keep seeing a lot of articles and blog entries about one of the biggest potential downfalls of using Twitter: Being self-involved and boring...and letting everyone who follows you know exactly how boring and self-involved you are. I've even seen some Twitter etiquette stuff that I don't necessarily agree with, like don't post more than ten Tweets per day.
Anyone who uses Twitter knows and can be pretty fun and addictive. I love it. However, I really don't love Livejournal posts of Twitter. They're absolutely pointless and here's why:
1. If someone cares about Twitter, they're on it. If someone cares about what you're saying on Twitter, they're following you. Basically, if you're posting your Twitter updates to LJ (or something similar), you're either spamming people who follow you with double updates or else spamming people who don't care about Twitter (or at least, your Tweets) with something they just want to know.
2. If you do LJ updates on a regular basis and what you Tweeted about today is important enough, you're going to include it in your entry, probably with more details. If the things you Tweeted about today were so fleeting and insignificant, then why on earth are you importing it to your Live Journal anyway?
3. Even if who isn't following you happens to skim your Twitter update in LJ, half of it probably makes no sense. On a few rare occasions, I've actually clicked someone else's Twitter feed to see what exactly the @ comment was about. 9 times out of 10, either I can't find what prompted the @ comment or else I can't access the person's account.
In conclusion, I understand that a lot of people did the Twitter on LJ thing to let people know they had a Twitter account and that it was worth following. Cool. Now pretty much everyone who wants Twitter has it, so that reason is gone. There may be a good reason for doing it now, but anytime I see someone spamming my FList with Twitter updates, all I can think is "Wow. I wish I thought I was half as interesting as this person seems to think s/he is."
Amen and hallelujah, especially to #1! I hate Tweets. I don't see the point of them, I don't follow them, I don't care to know anything about them. My usual solution to that is just "don't read it", which is why I'm not on Twitter. But nowadays I have to spend my time scrolling through half my friendslist because of all the stupid Tweets.
It's really frustrating when I like someone's LJ content, but just don't really care for their Twitter posts. I wish there was a way to screen it.
I've started using Twitter, but apparently, I'm using it wrong. I just turn it into another messaging service. :-)
But that's pretty much what I like about Twitter: It gives me a place to post stuff that's just too minor to merit an LJ entry. Posting my Twitter feed in my LJ would sort of defeat that purpose. :-)
Yeah, with me, Twitter is either feast or famine. :-) I either don't update at all or else I flood it. You, Ashley, and Hemi are usually involved, too.
As a Customer Service Representative, you will perform a full range of customer service activities such as obtaining information from policy holder callers, responding to inquiries or problems and explaining processing procedures.
The ideal candidate for this position has a minimum of 6 months related work experience, appropriate licenses upon hiring, excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment.
Here is the audio for the sermon I preached this past Sunday in which I wrestle with the concept of the eucharist and literal interpretation. You can find the readings for this Sunday’s lectionary HERE. Enjoy and God’s Peace!
Thomas White: Kept this schtum for as long as I can but le chat is well and truly out of le sac. I’m helping these guys make their debut record at present and this is the new single – Goldfrapp remix coming out in the coming weeks. Dang exciting. Say hello to Maven Grace ❤💙💚💛💜

I know, it’s fluffy. I don’t want to save the whales or feed the homeless. I recently relocated & the air here is a lot more humid than what I’m used to & my skin has suffered the consequences. That said, I’d really like to start controlling my humongous pores & new “face friends,” (pimples) with a skin care routine. I know a lot of people already have this stuff down pat, but I’ve never had so much acne in my life & I think I need some serious intervention. Clean & Clear is just not hacking it anymore. So this year, I would like to develop an effective, inexpensive (or at least as cheap as possible) skin care routine that will combat acne, wrinkles & the humidity of my new city.
1. Clarisonic. I recently purchased a Clarisonic Mia 2. You can find them here. I think I’m using it correctly, I’ve been spending about 3 minutes a day with mine, usually in the shower. I love it because it makes my skin feel clean & it’s waterproof, so no leaning over the sink hoping water doesn’t drip down your arms.
2. I also recently gave in to the “Glam Glow” hype & bought a jar of my very own. I’ve tried it twice & I’m still not sure what I think. It’s good because my skin feels nice after I use it, but I don’t know if it’s an effective acne treatment. I’ve put a few tips in my next post.
3. Stronger Salicylic Acid treatment. I currently use a 2.0% Clean & Clear treatment, I am going to search for something stronger.
4. I’m very satisfied with my current cleansers. I use Philosophy “Total Matteness” with my Clarisonic in the shower, but if I have already done a Glam Glow or other drying mask, I use Philosophy “Purity.” As for “other masks,” I have also used The Body Shop’s Tea Tree Face Mask. It doesn’t “dry” on your face like most masks do, but I definitely think it works. It’s not a moisturizing mask, -it’s more of a acne treatment/ prevention type of mask which works for me because I think I need something a little more abrasive than most.
5. YouTube videos: Some of my favorite YouTubers are beauty video girls. They review makeup products and share their hauls and unboxings (opening BirchBox or other beauty subscription service box) on YouTube. I plan to watch some of their videos for new ideas on what my routine should be & which new products I might want to try.
What do you do in your skin care routine? Do you have a “routine,” or do you ‘wing’ it, like I do? What are some of your favorite skin care products? Link them below! Thanks for reading!
Author lululemonexpertPosted on January 5, 2014 July 17, 2014 Categories Beauty, New Year's Resolutions 2014Tags glam glow, Lululemon Blog, new year's resolution, skin care routine	
It is good Information, thank you for sharing. Hope we will read many other good things from you in future also. Regards
Whatever the activity, you’ll always have the perfect backpack with the Boreas Bootlegger Modular Pack system. Start with the Super-Tramp suspension harness, pick your activity, then select a pack. The Bootlegger systems allows you to swap packs on the fly by simply dropping the Tramp suspension harness into one of three packs. For the daily commute or quick hikes, choose the Hopper daypack; when the weather gets bad, you’ll need the fully submersible Scrimshaw; and for a lightweight hydration pack, choose the Torpedo. With the Bootlegger you’ll have a closet full of packs, one for each activity with a different fit and feel from the next! The Triple Tramp suspension harness features load lifters, and a variable position hip belt so you’re guaranteed to get the best fit regardless the pack. Get on the list and support the Kickstarter campaign.
Take it from us, the Arc’Teryx Miura 30 backpack means business! Arc’Teryx, originating in North Vancouver, Canada, has been making focused designs with the...
The Air Rescue Series Drop Liner Backpack will permanently change your impression of recycled materials. The Drop Liner Backpack is a highly technical...
Take a peek at the ultra light Exped Lighting Backpack. Designed for fast and light alpine expeditions, the Lighting is a lightweight top-loader...
Keep your gear dry from the waves with Poler’s new High and Dry surf collection. Whether you’re hitting the North Shore, or fishing...

Thinking of selling or interested in learning about a neighbor's house? We can help you see what it's worth.
The crew readies an 0-6-0 steam switcher for a snowy day's work in Union Pacific's Cheyenne, Wyoming, yard. This locomotive was preserved and is now in the California State Railroad Museum. Oil on canvas, 10x16.
Walk a mile in a robot’s shoes and it won’t feel so far. A new robotic “exosuit” cuts the energy a wearer uses to walk by 23 per cent – the highest reduction in energy expenditure for a suit powered by an attached cable
Owning a pool makes your house the coolest in the neighborhood. But maintaining your home pool can be exhausting. And sometimes, you may wonder if it is worth it. Thankfully, there are some tips that…
Robotic Pool Care is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Wellness For You Now Chiropractic; run by Dr. Joe Manza specializes in chiropractic care and services for women& pediatrics. The practice sees patients of all ages and is committed to finding the root cause of health issues. Dr. Manza is certified through International Chiropractic Pediatric Association (ICPA)
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged care, expo, gluten free, Joe Manza, Manza Chiropractic, spine, wellness, Wellness For You Now.

Looking for directions to Escuela San José Sur in Atenas, Costa Rica? Your journey just became much easier!
Pick Bus options that you can take to get to Escuela San José Sur. Here’s a list of a few lines that pass near your destination - Bus: 203 ATENAS, 246 ATENAS, 271 PALMARES.
Looking to plan your return trip from Escuela San José Sur, but don’t know the street address? You can select your destination from our online map and Moovit will find the best available routes to get you where you need to go!
Download the Moovit App to find the current schedule and step-by-step directions for Bus routes that pass through Pk4.
You can also get to Pk4 by Bus. These are the lines and routes that have stops nearby - Bus: 30, 31.
We make riding on public transit to Pk4 easy, which is why over 250 million users, including users in Nouméa trust Moovit as the best app for public transit.
we preach, “I am not my hair.” But why do we spend so much money on hair? Think about it…that $60 every two weeks turns into thousands of dollars by the end of the year. we preach, “I am not my hair.” But why does those 28inches make us want to swing our hair and we feel flawless? we preach, “I am not my hair.” But why are we so afraid to cut all of our hair off?
But our hair is a statement to the world. Our hair is an introduction without us speaking. It may not be that deep to you but notice how others respond when you leave the house with a bonnet on or your hair as a “mess.”
I am natural and I take pride it in until I have to do my twist out at night. I came into this world as a curly headed gal, I no longer want to alter my curl form. I love a good press out. I love versatility. But no more press outs for me. I’m on a journey to install sister locks by the end of 2016. Lets hope I’m not tempted to press my hair.


This brief provides a comprehensive review of lignocellulosic materials and their primary role in the future development of bio-based packaging. Topics such as: sources and extraction methods of lignocellulosic materials; main constituents of lignocellulosic materials; functionality of lignocellulosic materials; the development of bio-based and biodegradable packaging; incorporation of lignocellulosic materials in bio-based packaging materials; properties and functionality of bio-based packaging, are discussed by authors who are experts in the field.



Trek Kids’ mountain bikes are the real deal, with light frames, knobby tires, quality parts, durable construction, and Dialed adjustable components that can grow with young riders.
Adventurous kids deserve a true, trail-ready bike that will take them down the road or off the road with confidence and control.

Liberty Turtle (Libertatum testudo graeca) by Rebecca Kneale - last year's first place winner in the SWB High School competition
"What Goes On Your Plate" by Ruofei Rao, the First Place winning entry, in last year's competition, in the High School competition category
Riley Samels' "Reef in a Bottle", the first place winning artwork of the 2014 Science Without Borders Challenge competition



Have’nt received tickets yet…hope they are on their way. Looking forward to seeing them first hand….once I do …the Slow Burn begins…)'(
The 2011 Acura MDX shows off 7-passenger utility with premium motoring available with a 300 horsepower 3.7 liter V-6 engine. The 2011 Acura MDX is paired with Acura's Super Handling All-Wheel Drive system offering a remarkably sporty yet comfortable ride for a crossover vehicle, Nurburgring-tuned suspension and a 6-speed automatic transmission with steering wheel paddle shifters provides peak control to the driver. Automatic climate control, power tailgate, Bluetooth connectivity and a 7-speaker stereo system is standard on the 2011 MDX for luxury comfort. This MDX is shown in Crystal Black Pearl over Light Gray heated leather interior featuring the Technology package, also features Acura running boards & luggage rack. It comes with a clean Carfax history report in excellent condition throughout!!


Resolution to order election and determine ballot question for charter amendment requiring voter approval of the sale of park land (postponed from 8/7)
Matt, sorry about the confusion, it looks like it the liquor license from Fuji in Braun Court. The Aut Bar is continuing as usual. (Whew!)
How does everyone expect the 601 Forest vote to go? I’m not impressed with the project. If I wasn’t familiar with some of the players, I would think it was an attempt to sabotage any of the efforts to make downtown more dense by finding the worst, most overbuilt project and throwing it out there for all to see as a justification to turn away from those efforts. In this case, I appears that there’s a group of developers who have found a way to max out the current zoning in a way that if it’s approved, is likely going to leave a very bad impression around town and turn most residents against the idea of allowing taller buildings and more density in any part of town. I think most people in town will look at the end product and say “no thanks!” I’ve always felt that A2 needs to go higher downtown but 25 stories strikes me as the wrong side of the line of “how high do we want to grow?”
John Q, I’m with you on this one. There are many things to like about the project: it is livable for the tenants, there is none of the “bedrooms with no windows” thing that is going on with the Anberay project. The windows open. They have nice stairwells. There are a mix of bedroom configurations. There are local investors who I actually think want to build something nice. It does have some legit LEEDs certification points. It is mixed use in an area that could use mixed use, it does bring more people to live in an area that could use a boost.
But given all that, I still think it is a bad idea. Make it a fifteen-story building and I will support it whole-heartedly, but I agree that 25 stories will most likely do more harm than good for developments around the city. Village Corner leaving that area is going to be a big blow to the livability and I don’t think they are planning that the retail will include a grocery store. U Towers is for sale and Tower Plaza went condo years ago. There hasn’t been a huge acceptance of these taller buildings in the community and I think that hinders their success and certainly makes people advocate for height limits, which aren’t that great either. It would be better if we could build several seven and eight-story buildings rather than the two-story and twenty-five story configuration that is happening now. I am not sold on the economic hardship excuse from the developers either. I mean, Boulder has a four-story height limit and much higher property values yet developers are building mixed-use residential, LEEDs certified buildings, that rent at the same rates as proposed for this 25-story building. So it seems like you could do that same thing here for a fifteen-story building and make money. Perhaps just not as much money.
I also have mixed feelings about 601 S. Forest. I’m leaning towards supporting it (from the armchair in my living room) but it does feel just a little too high. 20 stories would not be too bad, maybe. I will also miss Village Corner, though mostly just the cigar and wine selection and the punks who operate the place. The rest of it was often helpful during my starving student days, and I would want to see a grocery preserved on that corner, but I don’t know if it’s enough to stand in the way of what I see as a better way to house students than more neighborhood encroachment of group housing. Like I say, I have mixed feelings about it, and am curious what council will have to say. (My preference would be to tear down U. Towers and start over on that site, heh.)
Based on last night’s caucus, it sounded to me like the project would be approved, but that brownfield money would not be forthcoming for anything except remediation of the contamination from the dry cleaner. That is, the brownfield money won’t be approved that the developer expected to use to pay for many of the ‘green’ elements.
I think the worst part about this project isn’t that it will be the harbinger of more 25 story projects. Instead, it will be a one-off along the lines of U Towers and Tower Plaza. One can argue that it’s proximity to U Towers will help temper the impact of this development. But most residents will simply see this as a really tall buildings that largely ignores the surrounding urban context. They’ll look, shake their head, and wonder how Ann Arbor keeps getting it wrong. How ironic that with all of the debate over how to change the zoning to make downtown a place to live, the city ends up with an overbuilt project that lies on the periphery of what might be considered downtown that uses the “old” (bad, IMHO) zoning ordinances to gain approval.
Mayor pro tem Marcia Higgens is running the meeting tonight in Hieftje’s absence and just had to admonish someone in the crowd for being disrespectful to a speaker and finally declared “You are out of order.”
Tonight’s session of the 601 S. Forest has concluded, but Higgens has advised that the vote might be postponed, but that if a vote is postponed, the public hearing would be continued.
John Q., but to anyone who attended the downtown development workshop back in ’05 (I think it was), it was obvious that the city planned on using the South U. area (all the way up to Washtenaw) as a site for massive buildings of this type, in order to increase central city density on a scale of thousands. (Of course, they only defined large projects as something like 15 stories and up IIRC).
I agree that they are trying to slip it in before the zoning rules change. I am not sure it is ridiculously tall for that area; not only is there U. Towers, but there is also the apartment building behind it, on S. Forest. The neighbors (on the same block and across the street from it) largely consist of businesses, fraternities, and other apartment buildings. Again, it is too tall by a few stories I would say, but I don’t know that it would really look mind-blowingly huge from whatever the closest residential house is on Hill street.
I didn’t attend the workshop so I wasn’t aware of that. But I don’t think that changes my opinion of this project. I recognize that its impact is somewhat alleviated by some of the surrounding buildings. But outside of U Towers, does it really fit into the context of the surrounding buildings? The argument that it’s just frats and apartments in the area isn’t going to change the fact that this will be seen from quite a distance across the city and for those who actually go to the South U area, it will have an overwhelming presence.
John Q, that may not be the case. Long ago I participated in a study of ‘tall’ buildings in Ann Arbor. (I use ‘tall’ in quote because I think we looked at anything 4 stories or more, and I don’t think buildings lower than 6 stories are tall.) Anyway, we found that by and large, people did not realize they were walking next to tall buildings if the ground floor was very active, i.e. they had things to look at. For example: everyone knows that Tower Plaza is tall, partially because walking next to it isn’t very pleasant. But the building across the street to the south, with David’s books and a barber shop and a Chinese restaurant and a copy shop and other shops I can’t remember right now, is 7 or 8 stories. But no one thinks that is tall, almost entirely because the ground floor is so varied.
Another example is the First National Bank building, the white terra cotta building at the SE corner of Washington and Main. It’s 10 stories, but because the architectural detailing is so nice and there is a bank there, hardly anyone notices its height.
The point I’m trying to make is that pure height doesn’t matter much from a pedestrian point of view; what matters is what is going on at the human scale, from the second floor down. If the building is interesting architecturally, and/or has a variety of uses on the ground floor, most people won’t care or notice how tall the building is.
I agree that a good ground level experience can help minimize the impact of a taller building. But I think there’s a difference when these buildings exist within an environment where the surrounding buildings are at least somewhat similar in size. It’s when you get buildings that are grossly different from the surrounding environment that you can’t help but notice their impact. I also think that for those who don’t go to South U, it’s just going to look like what it is, a really tall building that looms over most of the surrounding landscape.
The University gets to build whatever the heck it wants, tall or squat, with NO public input. They are changing the landscape and skyscape of Ann Arbor a great deal, including in the area of the So. Forest proposal. I don’t understand the big deal and anguish over this particular project, especially with the huge apartment tower across the street. This building would fit right in, in my opinion.
Well A2 certainly will have to start building upwards. There isn’t alot of land to build any other way. Eventually most of A2 will be like walking in downtown Chicago. Goodbye skyline hello skyscrapers. up up and away
fuzzbollah, I’m not sure why the University’s lack of accountability to the local community is an excuse for the city to take the same course. Also, the tallest buildings in town haven’t been built by the University.
Sherry – I think it’s an exaggeration to say that “most of A2 will be like walking in downtown Chicago.” I’m confident in saying that 50 years from now, most of A2 will be fairly similar in scale and density to what it looks like today. The question is for those areas that are planned for more intense development, how high should the buildings go? If the City continues to allow more S. Forest proposals to go forward, I expect they’ll be a backlash from the public that will ratchet back those future buildings significantly.
I kind of share his concerns, but again what I’m hoping is that over the course of 3-4 years, students will begin moving out of residential housing units and into apartments of this type, leaving the houses to be sold to new owners willing to rehab them back into family housing (or else that the landlords will rehab them themsleves and sell them).
I do think that surely this building would hit the limits of new housing capacity for students. There aren’t even any guarantees that UM enrollment will increase significantly in the next few years. OTOH here is AAIO on the same project:
Also, let’s not forget that many landlords are effectively small business owners, and that this project could well crowd some of them out.
But then, let’s also not forget that the South U. merchants are (apparently) supporting the project whole-heartedly.
As for its appearance, it’s not bad for what gets build nowadays, and the sight of University Towers is so ugly both close-up and from afar that anything even somewhat resembling a more traditional architectural style would be a welcome addition next to it. Again, I think Ann Arbor could benefit from a few more tall buildings, so long as they are well-designed—they can make the city more attractive. (Please note this does not mean I am a fan of anything so long as it is new—there are proposed buildings that I oppose.)
(I like that I don’t even have to post anymore to make my opinions known – I’ve now got evil urbanist henchmen to do it for me!)
So a question: if a developer claims his/her project meets zoning and is a ‘by right’ development, but there is a reasonable argument by opponents (e.g. neighbors) that the project would likely cause harm to the health, safety or welfare of the neighborhood and/or city, should city council ever risk a law suit by rejecting the project?
The frequency of “health, safety and welfare” in public hearing comments on 42 North and 601 S. Forest, and also related to anArboran’s question isn’t accidental:
(6) Standards for site plan approval. A site plan shall be approved by the appropriate body after it determines that:
(a ) The contemplated development would comply with all applicable state, local and federal law, ordinances, standards and regulations; and
(b ) The development would limit the disturbance of natural features to the minimum necessary to allow a reasonable use of the land, applying criteria for reviewing a natural features statement of impact set forth in this Chapter; and
(c ) The development would not cause a public or private nuisance and would not have a detrimental effect on the public health, safety or welfare.
So for these two projects, nobody disagrees that (a ) is satisfied. For 42 North, there might be some objections based on (b ), but not for S. Forest.
HD, a good synopsis. But it still begs the question: if there is a reasonable argument that© isn’t met (i.e., the project might very well harm public health, safety or welfare), are there cases when city council should deny the project based on© and risk a lawsuit?
A hypothetically “reasonable argument by opponents (e.g. neighbors) that the project would likely cause harm to the health, safety or welfares” does not yet have legs. Health, safety and welfare are purposely broad, so I think to address your question you should be purposely specific.
If a project put at risk the public health, safety or welfare, the City Council would be remiss if it did not deny the project. The likelihood of a lawsuit shouldn’t factor into the Council’s decision. Almost anyone can file a lawsuit and some developers do so on a regular basis.
The real question for Council is the legitimacy of such a lawsuit. If the denial of the project will lead to a lawsuit that the city will likely lose on legal grounds, the Council has to think long and hard about going down that path. Not only does the Council expose the city to the legal fees and damages that can go along with such a lawsuit. But in some cases, the city can lose control over the details of the development itself. I’ve seen numerous cases in Washtenaw Co. and elsewhere where judges have effectively stripped the local government of any say-so in the development of a project that has gone into litigation.
2) The project was approved by the Planning Commission and city staff. While the Council has final say, down the road, a judge may look at those positions when coming to a decision.
3) Lawsuits that rely on “public health, safety and welfare” considerations are rarely successful unless they are backed up by evidence of such harm and can point to specific standards which are being violated.
If I was someone opposed to this development making my case to the City Council why this development should be rejected, I would be documenting the specific harms that will occur from this development and tying those harms to specific standards in the city’s zoning ordinance and other ordinances. It’s not enough to say “this will harm our neighborhood”. You have to show how and more importantly, how that would violate the city’s ordinances. At the least, this would give the project opponents on Council specific harms and specific standards to craft a motion against this project. It would also give the city a fighting chance in court. Absent those kinds of findings, I can’t see either the city or the residents succeeding in litigation, if it gets to that point.
I’m not sure what Council hopes to gain by commissioning additional traffic studies and putting additional time into reviewing the wind study—which are the specific reasons cited for the postponements.
Is there any possibility that traffic studies or the wind study will yield the kind of evidence Council would need to turn down either project in a way that’s impervious to successful litigation on the developer’s side? I don’t think so. I don’t think anybody on Council thinks so either.
One interesting policy issue that emerged during deliberations came from Kunselman w.r.t. parking space minimums. Noting that the minimums required by ordinance were around 150 (roughly) and the developer was providing 400-odd spaces, Kunselman raised the question of whether in the future we ought to contemplate parking maximums.
As I understand it, the developer’s traffic study for 42 North is based on the assumption the 90% of the trips from that site will use mass transit. That’s a pretty bold estimate and seems highly unlikely to be accurate. It doesn’t seem like a reliable traffic study to me, it sounds more like cooking the books. Perhaps an independent study will show a different impact on the transportation infrastructure. On its own it may not carry the day in court, but perhaps as one item in a set of justifications it could help tip the balance? Or not, but it still seems worthwhile taking the time to do it right. At any rate, the extraordinary parking lot should require extra careful analysis.
And Kunselman, if I recall correctly, went even further by asking Mark Lloyd if Council had the right to restrict parking on 42 North, even if the project meets zoning. Again, if I recall, Lloyd said he believed Council did have that right.
One thing I wanted to add re: University Village is that the plus-20-story height was added due to neighborhood protest—it was originally a 15- and 20-story building (U. Towers is apparently 18). So they seem to have been at least somewhat responsive to residents’ requests, though it did end up increasing the height of the proposed building.
Personally I think a building taller than U. Towers in that location would be just fine. But, you know, I like 20 stories as a limit there—but the original plan seems to have included just that. It was the breadth of it that launched the protest, IIRC.
anArboran wrote: “As I understand it, the developer’s traffic study for 42 North is based on the assumption the 90% of the trips from that site will use mass transit. That’s a pretty bold estimate and seems highly unlikely to be accurate. It doesn’t seem like a reliable traffic study to me, it sounds more like cooking the books.”
That 90% assumption is based on the expectation that the residents will be predominantly students, whose regular commute is to campus—where parking is notoriously difficult—thus will be by some means other than a car.
That expectation, opponents of the project say, is inconsistent with the amount of parking provided (1 space per bed, right?). Opponents say that if the developer really believed that students would not drive to campus, then they wouldn’t want to build all that parking.
I think the scenario developers imagine that the parking lot will be used as ‘storage parking’. People want a car available for a weekend shopping trip, or a trip up to Lansing to watch the legislature in session, or to go to Tigers game, or whatever. I don’t think this is pure flight of fancy. I know plenty of people who do their regular commute without cars, but still own a car and would fight you hard if you suggested they should get rid of it. For those people, the fact of a car in the garage shouldn’t be automatically included as a motor vehicle on the street every weekday in a traffic study.
HD makes a fair argument. Still, it sounds like there is no agreement between either UM transportation or AATA to provide the necessary level of service that could handle 90% of the trips from that site. Without such an agreement it seems prudent to have a traffic study that at least looks at other scenarios. What if there never is an agreement? The developers have made a point of how long and hard they’ve been working on that project. I wonder why there is no bus service contract yet?
The traffic study measured 0 use of AATA in additional to use of existing AATA routes, 2 of which go right by the proposed project. Even with 0 bus use, the intersections remain at an acceptable level. Any agreement with AATA would only be about frequency of bus service — the routes already serve that street. HD’s assumption about storage parking is the most likely scenario. The traffic engineers based some of their assumptions on circumstances at MSU where remote apartment dwellers have a 90% rate of bus use.
The developer’s scenario is one based on car storage. There is a 0% chance that a national developer would spend money in pursuit of a deal this far from a campus with such parking difficulty but without direct access to public transit.
As to auto traffic, the existing study was conducted assuming the first plan’s unit count of 640. The development is now only 480 units.
In terms of bus ridership, and to supplement the veracity of data from East Lansing’s transportation department officials, the UM Urban Planning Department conducted an extensive study of student ridership on AATA bus lines in 2006. It found that of the ~18,000 trips per day, 50% (~9000) were taken by students. In 2006, of the ~24,500 students enrolled at UM, approximately 10,500 were living at a distance of more than a half-mile from campus. That estimation yields a ridership percentage of 86%. The study also revealed that students gave high marks to the service and attached no stigma sometimes associated with public transit.
Also worth noting is that most of the parking on and around campus is much further from classroom doors than the bus drops. Makes a difference come winter.
Oposition’s resistance to the number of parking spaces is curiously misaligned with their interests. Reducing the parking spaces below the 1:1 ratio is simply asking for car storage in the surrounding neighborhoods.
As Joan Lowenstein correctly states, there is no contract for bus service being sought, nor has it ever been sought. The site in question is already served (frequently, in fact: six times per hour during the week, two times per hour on the weekend) by a number of lines, including AATA’s most productive line. Students also have access to shared-ride taxi services provided by the City and University. The developer has also stated that the project will be providing its own shuttle to supplement AATA’s service, the increase of which the developer also stated he will help fund.
Leo wrote: “As Joan Lowenstein correctly states, there is no contract for bus service being sought, nor has it ever been sought.”
It’s worth clarifying that what Leo means (I think) is that the developer has not sought a contract with AATA to create new routes.
Because as Leo also notes later: “The developer has also stated that the project will be providing its own shuttle to supplement AATA’s service, the increase of which the developer also stated he will help fund.”
When 42 North came before Council the first time, this arrangement for increased service was something that Kunselman commented on specifically in voting against the project. He said (1) there was no contract in place for increased frequency, and that it was therefore too speculative in include in contemplating the merits of the project (2) the idea of private parties paying to have increased service by AATA in particular areas carried with it a possible concern that other areas might be deprived of transportation resources they needed.
Increased frequency of service along existing routes ranks high on my personal list of improvements I’d like to see implemented by AATA. Whether that’s more important than adding some ‘wheels’ (i.e., new routes) to the predominantly hub-and-spoke system, I don’t know.
In my view having no agreement with AATA – whether for new routes or for more frequent service (presumably one or the other may be necessary to handle the new load of students if indeed 90% use AATA) means the current traffic study should be handled with caution.
In addition, from what I’ve heard the developer has made reference to providing a shuttle service, but I have not seen where they have guaranteed such a service, as Leo seems to suggest. If there is no guarantee than in my view that is not much more than an empty promise at this point. Perhaps they will follow through. Perhaps not.
In any case, the amount of parking planned is so massive for that location I see no problem with asking more questions regarding transportation. What residential neighborhood in Ann Arbor would accept a new ~500 car parking lot without demanding scrutiny?
For instance, if the bus service is not provided by UM but only by AATA, where would AATA drop off students? Would the drop off point be by campus, or at the downtown transfer station? If the latter, my guess is students might have a shorter walk to class by parking on the streets surrounding campus.
And, if the 42 North site is already served by AATA’s most productive line, is there space on the buses for the mass of students who presumably would leave in bunches in the morning? And if the students fill up the bus, what about the other current patrons who make it the most productive line right now? I would want to hear from AATA directly about these issues before buying the assumption that 90% of trips from the site will use the bus.
I would also want more details about the MSU example before using it as justification that the same experience will occur here. For instance, is that an MSU bus that takes the students right to campus, or an East Lansing City bus that might drop them off at a location somewhat distant from campus? How frequent is the service? How many bus lines are used and to how many campus locations? Also, do all those students have their own parking spaces at their off-site housing?
Also, I don’t agree with Leo’s mathematical assertions. Leo seems to be saying 9000 UM students use the AATA buses each day.
But if the 9,000 UM student “trips per day” are one-way trips, then that might reasonably mean there were only 4,500 students taking the bus, each student taking the bus twice per day, once to campus, once from campus. Or perhaps there were only 2,250 individual students, each taking 4 one-way trips during the course of the day since the trips were free based on the UM subsidy to AATA.
“For instance, if the bus service is not provided by UM but only by AATA, where would AATA drop off students?”
You can check existing routes here. I believe all the relevant routes leave and arrive the transit center from the West, so don’t pass through central campus. They all have good connections to several routes which do go directly through campus. (“Good” means the scheduled wait is only 3 minutes, and they’ll hold the outgoing bus if the incoming bus is late.)
“is there space on the buses for the mass of students who presumably would leave in bunches in the morning?”
I regularly ride the 2, which saw a big increase in use when students started riding free—rush-hour buses are now standing-room only during the school year. The AATA did add additional buses (and a new express route). On balance I’ll take crowding as an acceptable price to pay for the better service. Others are more bothered by the crowding. In terms of just calculating traffic impact, I’m not sure that any of this matters much; once the buses are filled to capacity it’s the bus capacity that determines ridership.
I agree that 1 ride = 1 student thing sounds bogus. The idea that the factor might be 4 is also far-fetched, though—students do have other things to do than ride the bus all day. I’d have suspected a round trip most weekdays plus an occasional shopping trip would be more normal.
Googling around a bit: is this the study in question? Those slides are all I can find, unfortunately.
North Carolina, RTP North Carolina May 29, 2018 - July 30, 2018 Electrical Engineering - Engineering-Industrial Manaufacturing Print
Our client needs an individual that can be responsible for worldwide electrical system design leadership and be part of the team responsible for the development and validation of components and systems for professional (commercial) mowing and golf mowing equipment. You will engage with enterprise teams (e.g. embedded SW, advanced R&D, advanced electrification) to develop components and perform system integration activities….
*** Apply and a member of our recruiting team will provide additional details for the position….. ***

CA2994429A1 (en) 2008-01-25 2009-10-01 The Cleveland Clinic Foundation Methods and devices to clear obstructions from medical tubes
US8246752B2 (en) * 2008-01-25 2012-08-21 Clear Catheter Systems, Inc. Methods and devices to clear obstructions from medical tubes

The Vise 3 Ball Add-On Shoe Bag Pink makes it easier for you to carry around your bowling gear at the most affordable price!
An autographed baseball card of cubs rookie second baseman and outfielder Ian Happ from Topps 2015 Bowmans Best numbered 56/99 #happ #cubs #rookie #baseball #baseballcard #mlb #autograph #topps #bowman
The convocation records of the Churches of England and Ireland are the principal source of our information about the administration of those churches from middle ages until modern times. They contain the minutes of clergy synods, the legislation passed by them, tax assessments imposed by the king on the clergy, and accounts of the great debates about religious reformation; they also include records of heresy trials in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, many of them connected with the spread of Lollardy. However, they have never before been edited or published in full, and their publication as a complete set of documents provides a valuable resource for scholarship.
This volume contains a full account of the convocation controversy in its first phase, making use of the act books of both the upper and the lower house, as well as of eye-witness accounts which have survived from other sources. Most of this material has never been published before or is available only in rare eighteenth-century editions which invariably reflect a partisan stance and therefore reproduce only part of the evidence. An appendix gives a complete bibliography of the controversy.

The Bible has been the most important book throughout history! The all-time best seller, this Book has been printed in hundreds more languages than any other book.
"If God spare my life, ere many years I will cause that a boy that driveth a plow shall know more of the Scriptures than thou dost." —William Tyndale
The Bible was originally written in the Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek languages of those inspired to write it. Devout individuals throughout the ages put many years of work into translating God’s Word into other languages. Before the printing press was invented, copyists and scribes put weeks and months and sometimes even years into the difficult work of hand copying the Bible. All through history, godly men and women have sacrificed greatly to translate, produce, and distribute the Book for those who did not have it. Even to this day there are many Christians who are risking their own safety to translate and spread the good news of God’s Word.
In this audio production you will hear the stories of several men who risked their lives to bring the truth of the Scriptures to the common people in their own heart language. These heroes preached, translated, and printed the Bible even when faced with the danger of losing everything!
Click the button to download the complete MP3 audio production or click the play arrow in the player below.
What could make this week of beautiful weather even more magical?? Fairy Food!! (also known as sponge candy) Save 25% this week through February 25th! Enjoy biting into this sweet, crispy center covered in your choice of milk or dark chocolate.
I learned today that an old colleague had died back in July, after a 9-month battle with cancer – a battle very few of us even knew about.
I’m sat here trying to describe him – loud, opinioned, honest, funny – he was a northerner, so all these adjectives are each a cliché by way of characterisation, but nevertheless they also act as truisms.
Sam Soliman: “He was quite the character who had a story for every occasion, appropriate or not (mostly not), but he got away with it and made every situation a laugh. I had this photo still on my phone …”
My last post told of what I described as despicable money-grabbing behaviour on the part of First Great Western, and the fact that I was clearly lied to by either the conductor or the Customer Service department.
Well, after I was given short shrift by the customer service department (the irony), my ranting was picked up on by someone from the PR department, Customer Relations, and I was assured that I would indeed receive my refund as was originally promised. I am happy to report that the cheque arrived yesterday, and is about to wing its merry little way into the coffers of yours truly. To paraphrase the words of Neville Chamberlain: “…and here is the paper which bears my name upon it…”
Now don’t get me wrong, I’m happy to have finally received my customer service, but in the same week that a 6% rise in train fares was announced (don’t get me started on the disparaging and exasperating issue of fare prices – haha: “fair” prices! Geddit!?), and general austerity measures are being applied across the board in Europe, I find it baffling that First Great Western has to have a Customer Relations department on top of a Customer Service department – both from a functional perspective, as well as a fiscal one. Surely only one would do? I know which one I’d keep if I were the chairman, btw, Miss Jones. Thank you for your intervention.
I’m sure there’s a moral here – perhaps something about truth and honesty avoiding the need for over-investment in the PR machine? I don’t know. Personally, I’m just happy to have my money back – even if it did only happen through the power of the internet.
Earlier this month, I had the deep misfortune to travel with First Great Western to London. I had done my part and ordered my ticket ahead of time, and for this dilligence I was rewarded with a compulsory seat reservation. Unfortunately, I lost the reservation stub for my return journey. I didn’t think this would be a problem – I took my place on the correct train, and proceeded to sit. Given that no-one ever seems to care where I sit (never in my allotted – compulsory – seat) on the way out, I assumed the same nonchalance would apply on the way back. Not so…
Despite my protestations, I was forced to buy another ticket for the return portion of my journey. The conductor assured me that I would be eligible for a refund if I later found my reservation stub. I begrudgingly coughed up the money and sulked my way home. I’d bemoan the fact that the train was 20 minutes late arriving (sat out in the dark somewhere), but frankly that’s just par for the course.
But wait, the following day I discovered that I hadn’t in fact LOST my reservations stub – merely misplaced it – so I contacted First Great Western to ask how to apply for the refund that I was promised. Oh happy day!
I’m sorry you did not have your seat reservation coupon and were asked to pay extra money to complete your journey. Whilst I appreciate this must have been annoying for you, my colleague was quite correct to ask you to pay this amount so I’m unable to offer you a refund.
3. The conductor LIED to me about being eligible for a refund if I later found my reservation stub (which I duly did, hence my initial contact)
I find all of this distasteful behaviour on the part of First Great Western, and an extremely poor excuse for squeezing money out of customers who are not in a position to take advantage of alternative vendors.
I love a good bad joke, and it appears the CEO of British Airways has been doing the rounds telling a joke about his oppo at Ryanair…
Mr O’Leary goes into a pub, asks for a pint of Guinness and is told by the barman that it will cost him £1.
So Mr O’Leary hands over £1 and the barman goes to pour the pint, when he stops and asks: “Would you be wanting a glass with that?”
Tally ERP 9 Full Version Release 6.4.8 Free Download Tally ERP 9 Free Download is amazing software. It is a tool which is used in business management. […]
Boutique owner Kimber DiSanto has seen better days. She’s been dumped at the altar by Prince Charmless, her business went up in flames (literally), and now she’s stuck in Florence, Italy, with an ice-queen stepmother, to try to save her late father’s failing dress shop. Only one thing could make it worse: another man in her life. The arrogant Italian fashion tycoon offering to buy her father’s shop is as rich as he is sexy, and their attraction is off the charts. But Kimber’s not about to get burned again.
Women don’t say no to Matteo Moretti—and certainly not with Kimber’s stinging precision. With all the heat and fury sparking between them, Matteo can’t resist baiting the gorgeous American. His plan? Win her over one scorching kiss at a time.
Kimber tells herself it’s all just a game. That her broken heart isn’t in danger, and that Matteo’s touch does not make her Lady Land dance with joy. But sometimes it takes the fieriest of enemies to turn a fantasy into a real-life romance.
J.T. Geissinger is a bestselling author of emotionally charged romance and women’s fiction. Ranging from funny, feisty rom coms to intense, edgy suspense, her books have sold more than one million copies and been translated into several languages.
She is the recipient of the Prism Award for Best First Book, the Golden Quill Award for Best Paranormal/Urban Fantasy, and is a two-time finalist for the RITA® Award from the Romance Writers of America®. She has also been a finalist in the Booksellers’ Best, National Readers’ Choice, and Daphne du Maurier Awards.
Her first novel was published in 2012. Since then she’s written eighteen more novels. When she’s not writing, she’s reading, drinking wine, surfing the internet, and daydreaming about all the things she’s going to be when she grows up. She lives near the beach in Los Angeles with her husband and deaf/demented rescue kitty, Ginger.


Happy Memorial to our US fans! Before I head off to the parade and festivities here I wanted to post our winners from the "Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic" challenge! Thank you to the enchanting crafters who played along and a big shout out to Nikki Burnette of Spellbinding Stamps for being our sponsor!
Congrats, ladies! Grab your badges from the side bar before you go and we hope to see your fabulous work again in future challenges! A new challenge began yesterday with veteran sponsor KennyK (Downloads and Clear Stamps)! Our theme is everyone's favorite: Anything Goes! Come join us for your chance to win either 2 clear stamp sets OR 4 digis! Winner's choice!
Awwww! You all made my day! I had such fun playing along with this theme! Thanks for the great inspiration!!

Now, after blogging about the lovely Melissa Benoist that I fell in love with in Glee Season 4 Episode 1, I’m going to share with you guys something productive and useful. It’s about managing your inventory. Thus, my post is entitled “Inventory Management 101”. Look at the picture below? Do you want your inventory to be cluttered like that? I bet your answer is a big NO!
Entrepreneurs very seldom realize the importance of inventory management until inventory goes missing or worse yet, their inventory manager leaves. The prospect of dealing with such very nitty gritty detail doesn’t quite get their blood flowing per se but any good business owner or entrepreneur knows that without proper inventory management, things can fall apart very quickly.
I admit it! I’m officially hooked again to watching Glee. After finishing the episode entitled “The New Rachel”, I fell in love with the Glee member Marley Rose after she sang Billy Joel’s New York State of Mind and Adele’s Chasing Pavements. After finishing the whole episode, I watched the part where Melissa Benoist performed again and again and again.

Get ready for some candor and a bit of a ramble as I work up to saying I blew it with Sonnet 3 Decyphered. I need to find that balance and do better.
In this session of Stray Thoughts, I ponder how to structure the multi-layered world Micah and his companions find themselves in, in The Axis.
Solo: A Star Wars Story was a "box office bomb," but that doesn't mean it has nothing to offer. I talk about the best and worst of Solo as well as what I will take away from it in my future storytelling.
Marvel's Thor (from the movies) has been one of my favorite characters in recent history. I recently watched the first Thor and just saw Ragnarok. The difference between them is striking.
A few weeks ago, I made this and I decided to put it out now. I'm really happy with how this inkwell heart came out. Is it artful or gross? I'm open to comments. Making of the Shadowfont Logo - Vlog
It's been a while since I have written anything, but I have a growing backlog of videos to release, so I'll start with this one concerning some revelations from The Last Jedi book and bonus features.
I decided it was time to take my vlogging to the next level, so here is a video talking about how I will use videos to aide me in my writing.
I have a lot of conflicting feelings about Star Wars: Rebels. I loved the finale, but the overall ride was rough. There seemed to be an underlying directive that I'd like to avoid. It seemed to lack conviction at times.
I was so excited to go see Black Panther. I watched a positively INCANDESCENT spoiler-free review. What I saw at the drive-in didn't quite match the review or much of the hype from vocal movie-goers.
The music of composer Luna Pearl Woolf has been praised for its “psychological nuances and emotional depth,” by the New York Times. Her dramatic and lyrical works have been commissioned by Carnegie Hall and the Washington National Opera, among others, collaborating with such artists as Joyce DiDonato, Frederica von Stade, Russian National Orchestra, Brentano String Quartet, Julian Wachner, Matt Haimovitz, Christopher O’Riley, Academy Award-winner Jeremy Irons and author Cornelia Funke. Recipient of Opera America’s 2014 Discovery Grant, Woolf’s music is available internationally on the Oxingale and PENTATONE labels.

Our goal is to understand how sex and gendered conditions influence brain health, memory, and aging.
Neuroscience is the scientific study of the nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord, sensory organs and all of the nerves that connect these organs with the rest of the body. Cognitive neuroscience is the study of brain function.
The brain is responsible for cognitive processes such as thinking, memory and attention. It is one of a number of biological systems that work together as a whole body system to enable us to function, feel and think.
The brain as a system is complex and adaptable. The way it is structured and functions is influenced by hormones, sex, genetics, and gender, as well as by culture, social environment and personal life experiences. It is also highly interconnected, meaning that events or conditions that directly affect one part of the body can actually leave their mark on the brain. For example, cutting the genitals might affect how the brain is wired. Or, removal of the ovaries or prostate might affect brain function through hormonal changes.
Because each person is uniquely affected by a variety of biological and social forces, there is no “one size fits all” model for understanding the nervous system. Sex and gender are two very important forces that shape brain and behaviour.
The Einstein Lab explores how “the world writes on the body” (see key concepts) by studying how health conditions more common in women and gender-diverse individuals affect brain function and cognition. Our goal is to understand how sex and gender influence brain health, memory, and aging.

Our lead pastor, Bart Scharrer, shares about vision and the crossing of the Jordan, putting emphasis on how the priests needed to step into the water and gaze at the river before God parted the waters so they could walk on dry ground. Where is God nudging you to step out?
Jesus showed us glimpses of the Kingdom of Heaven; we can sometimes see it today, if only we look for it.ξHeξdescribed the Kingdom of Heaven as a mustard seedξthat grew into a tree, or yeast mixed intoξflour and worked throughout the whole dough. There is a battle between two kingdoms, but the war is already […]
ξWe look at a day in the life of Jesus. It’s fascinating how all his encounters cause some kind of fear and faith combined. What do we do with our fears? Are we even really seeing our fears of following Jesus?
Faith, for a Christian, is knowing the truth of Jesus, seeing the world the way Jesus sees it, and interacting with the world they way Jesus did. ξFaith is not just for the times of crisis, but in the everyday stuff.
We step back into our Luke series with the story of Jesus and the Roman Centurion who surprises Jesus with his faith.
What can we learn from the faith of the centurion? He heard stories about Jesus, and through those, believed in his power and recognized his authority. “Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.” Hebrews 11:1

MDZ-Reader | Band | Yantra Kosha or a treasury of the musical instruments of ancient and of modern India and of various other countries / Tagore, Sourindro Mohun | Yantra Kosha or a treasury of the musical instruments of ancient and of modern India and of various other countries / Tagore, Sourindro Mohun
Yantra Kosha or a treasury of the musical instruments of ancient and of modern India and of various other countries
Reihe: Yantra Kosha or a treasury of the musical instruments of ancient and of modern India and of various other countries
We’ve all seen a magic trick at some time in our life. A magician takes a coin in his hand, squeezes and blows on it, opens his hand and the coin is gone. He opens his other hand and there it is. That is called magic—the art of illusion. Nothing really happened but sleight of hand fooling the eyes.
God does not do magic. We don’t hand Him our problems where He takes them in His hand, squeezes and blows on them, so that they appear to be suddenly gone. That would be an illusion. God is about miracles and leading us to grace solutions.
You know what a miracle is. It's not the illusion of being fixed and made whole. It is the miracle of God's power supernaturally changing something and it being made whole, healed, and complete—nothing missing, nothing broken.
By grace solutions, I mean that God, who is in you and with you, leads you by His Spirit, to think, say, and do thing right things that bring solution to the problems we cannot solve ourself.
The majority of problems we experienced, we’ve helped create. Marriage problems for example, don’t just happen. We say and do things God tells us we shouldn’t say and do and we don’t say and do things God tells us we should. By disobeying God we create problems.
When we get in our crisis times, we often pray out of desperation when what we are usually looking for is “the magician”—not God. We want God to wave His wand and make the problems go away. God is interested in transforming us. He is interested in transforming how we think, how we speak, and how we behave. He is interested in transforming our attitudes, motives, and purging selfishness–helping us to instead become selfless like Jesus.
Romans 12:2 NLT says, “Don't copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will know what God wants you to do, and you will know how good and pleasing and perfect His will really is.”
This transformation will take time because you will have to make the personal decision to hear and obey God’s voice speaking to you through the scriptures. Even when you sense Him talking to you through His Word, you still have to make the decision to obey and make changes He leads you to make. He won’t make you, so if you like the misery you create, He'll let you continue in it. But, He wants His best for you, and you making the effort to follow His lead again and again is what will transform you. Nothing else will! So how fast you change depends on how much you want to listen and respond in obedience to the voice of God. There is seldom an instant fix. It will most often be a process. Jesus has already died and forgiven you if you've given your life to Him. But, you won't forgive yourself until you make the necessary changes. You'll bask in your own condemnation and resentment. Listening and obeying repeatedly over time is what will cause your character transformation and the Christ-like character that always leads to solutions and blessing!
Hardship and the desire to get out of our problems has a way of helping us remember what we don’t want to repeat again. If God just did the magic and took away the pain from the problems you created, you would not be transformed into Christ’s image and you’d repeat those stupid mistakes and sins over and over again. He is interested in your transformation. While this is happening He’ll always be by your side to speak to you and lead you, encourage you, and strengthen you if you will listen. He’ll listen to every prayer, and help you in every step. And as you change, His grace and supernatural help will help you work through your problems. And you will on occasion experience miracles that are His love and compassion bringing the immediate help you need.
Psalms 91:14-15 (NIV) "Because he loves me," says the LORD, "I will rescue him; I will protect him, for he acknowledges my name. He will call upon me, and I will answer him; I will be with him in trouble, I will deliver him and honor him."
If you are looking for magician, there are plenty around. There are also plenty of cheer-leading scam artists making God-like promises. But there is only one God and one Savior—Jesus Christ. He is your help. He has your solutions. And He brings both while transforming you into His image and teaching you to walk in His wisdom.
If Fresh Manna is a blessing to you, let me know how. I’d love to hear from you! Write me at FreshMannaFeedback@comcast.net
A note from Pastor Tim: Earlier this week I posted the blog "Thank God For the Gift of Tongues." The feedback was wonderful and many asked for more information on how to receive this gift and walk in it. My precious friend, Pastor Peter Haas, just happened (isn't God great...) to preach on it the next day and it really answered many of the questions I received. I'd encourage you to watch it here. Also, here is a free download of a booklet by Pastor Peter on the 40 toughest questions people ask about the gift of tongues. I hope it's a great blessing to you!
I've written about conflict before, but feel impressed to do so today. There are days when it seems like the entire world is in conflict. Like an ant finding sugar, it seems to find its way into our lives. It's never comfortable and too often leaves more than a bad taste in our mouth. To clear it all out takes help, and reminds me of why I need all the help and gifts of God I can get, to live in peace in a world steeped in conflict.
We all experience conflicts that have the potential to make us angry. I'm no different yet I've learned biblically and from experience that anger is often a poisonous and destructive force when not handled appropriately. We all process it differently but I think it's fair to say that when most of us face conflict, we experience what almost seems like a video-loop of that conflict that runs and over and over in our mind as we try to think it through. A conflict that is not resolved God's way is a conflict recycled in the mind.
Jesus knew we would come to those video-loop moments. That's why He gave instructions to forgive so many times in a day as we see in Matthew 18:21-22 NLT. "Then Peter came to Jesus and asked, "Lord, how many times shall I forgive my brother when he sins against me? Up to seven times?" Jesus answered, "I tell you, not seven times, but seventy-seven times."
Seven times seventy is 490 times. We aren’t going to find ourselves in that many conflicts leading to offense, that many times in one day. But, we might take the same offense and video-loop it that many times in our mind. Especially if the offense comes in the evening or when it's quiet and there is nothing else to distract us.
These video-loops can be torturous. We get tired of thinking about them and try to quiet our mind and move past them, and yet they can seem almost impossible to shut off. This is just one of many places and ways that God's gift of tongues is an awesome benefit in our life.
When I find myself in one of these situations, I have learned that instead of playing the video-loop over and over in my head, I instead begin to pray in tongues. Something that happens when you pray in tongues is that the presence of God becomes greater. It's almost as if thoughts of conflict are pushed out in the presence of God.
I always need God’s consul and direction for everything I do. And I do seek Him for it. But I feel desperate for it when I am in conflict. I want to work through conflict in an appropriate and godly way. I know how quickly things can go off the rails! When I lay situations before God and pray in the spirit (in tongues), it’s like He helps me see more clearly, honestly, and humbly. Romans 8:26 (NLT) says, “And the Holy Spirit helps us in our distress. For we don't even know what we should pray for, nor how we should pray. But the Holy Spirit prays for us with groanings that cannot be expressed in words (words that cannot be understood – in tongues.)
The Holy Spirit has provided me with a gift that can be like a fire extinguisher. Praying in tongues shuts down the video-loops and helps quiet my mind and heart. As I pray in tongues, the fire goes out and peace comes. Pride melts like an ice-cube in a frying pan. Humility rises within me like a hot air balloon. Praying in tongues seems to help me better examine myself rather than defend myself. Because of this, the Lord helps me to truly resolve conflicts and easily move past unforgiveness and instead check to see if I need to seek forgiveness.
Why am I telling you all this? Because when praying in the Spirit or tongues, there can be a presence of God that helps you work through conflict in a very supernatural way. As Jude 1:20 NIV encourages us "But you, dear friends, build yourselves up in your most holy faith and pray in the Holy Spirit (in tongues).”

Looking for the best resorts for skiing and snowboarding? The ActiveGearReview.com Resort Report will give you the latest news and updates to your favorite resorts.
Keystone Mountain Resort: Early Season Skiing Report November storms have provided a very nice base at most of Colorado’s resorts, and that is definitely the case at Keystone Mountain Resort. A good portion of the...
This weekend, two popular Colorado resorts opened their lift lines, Keystone Resort and Copper Mountain. It’s typically the first Friday in November that both of these resorts open. Early season skiing in Colorado is...
Throughout the past year, there have been many changes as it relates to Vail Resorts. When most people think of Vail Resorts, they think of the resort in Vail. Much to the surprise of...
This years ski and snowboard season has been a love hate relationship for many outdoor enthusiast. In Colorado, the winter season started out very slow for most of the resorts with lack luster snow....
Fall is here for most people and temperatures are undoubtedly starting to drop. Here in Colorado, temperatures vary greatly from town to town and day to day. In the mountains, the temperatures are ranging between 10-5o...
by Guest Writers · Published December 15, 2011 , 12:35 pm · Last modified January 5, 2018 , 11:27 am
DENVER, Colo. – December 15, 2011 – This January, Colorado Ski Country USA (CSCUSA) and its member resorts invite beginner skiers and snowboarders of all ages to learn Colorado’s signature winter sports during January...
With a little over two months left until the ski resorts start to close in Colorado, it’s about that time to start making your reservations if you haven’t already done so. The 2010-2011 season...
With a title like “the perfect mountain, the perfect town”, how could a person not want to go to Breckenridge? Living on Colorado, it is very important for me to explore and see all...
So this year has been a good year to you and it’s time to treat yourself. One of our favorite resorts to visit when we’re looking to step it up a notch is Beaver...
The last few ski seasons we have opted for the Rocky Mountain Super Pass due to our love for Copper Mountain Resort, more simply known as Copper to most folks out in Colorado. The...

Goal Setting and Goal Attainment Scaling in Rehabilitation - 1st December 2014 - UK Rehabilitation Outcomes Collaborative

goHenry is a financial-technology (FinTech) company that combines web and mobile apps to create a unique learning tool for children. It ranked in the FinTech 100, a list of the top companies in FinTech.
In early 2015, goHenry hired us to increase the effectiveness of its digital marketing, and grow its market share. So far, we have helped to grow it by 470% (that’s nearly six times).
Note that “we” refers to a team effort between Conversion Rate Experts (with our expertise and proven system) and goHenry (with its highly effective team).
We helped goHenry grow an incredible 470% last year. (To put that in context, the winner of this year’s Sunday Times Fast Track 100—ranking the UK’s fastest growing private companies—grew 248% in the last three years.)
goHenry brought us in because it recognized that there was an opportunity to adopt a faster-moving, more experimental culture.
When we start working with new clients, we look for the big opportunities, the changes we can put in place quickly that will have a lasting—and scalable—effect on the business.
We studied its analytics data to understand existing traffic sources—which channels were converting best, and where were the big opportunities for growth.
We had a session with the goHenry team to discuss its current approach to making changes on the website.
We used a Business Model Canvas to document the parts of the business, and to identify the “winning business model” for goHenry.
We took time to understand the regulatory regime in which goHenry operates (which can be particularly onerous for FinTech companies).
The winning business model for goHenry required it to grow incredibly quickly—a strategy that we’ve applied successfully with many of our clients. Businesses like this tend to be “winner takes all.” goHenry had the first-mover advantage, which can be formidable provided the pace is kept up. So goHenry would need an approach to optimization that was lean and structured.
The success of goHenry depended on mobile users, so we’d need to build the workflow around mobile from the get-go.
We’ve grown a lot of companies—many of them in financial services. Each time, before we make any changes on the website, we listen to what the visitors are telling us.
No different, that is, apart from one crucial detail: When optimizing for mobile, listen to what the mobile visitors are telling you.
Don’t assume that your mobile visitors are just desktop visitors on a different device. If you do, you’ll focus on the user interface as the only difference between the two.
In fact—as we discovered when we gathered data on goHenry’s visitors—mobile users can have very different intentions, likes and objections to their desktop counterparts. You’ll need to address these specifically on your mobile journey.
Some things we learned about goHenry’s mobile visitors (and how they’re different from desktop visitors)
The difference between mobile users and desktop users isn’t just about screen size. Mobile users are more likely to have arrived from a social network, so they were different in the following respects:
Mobile users were more impulsive. Many landed on the site on a whim—so knew much less about what was being offered. Bad news when you’re selling a new and innovative product, like goHenry.
They were 50% less likely to have their children with them when they signed up. Remember, goHenry is a product for children, so this affected the mechanics of the new funnel as well as the messaging we used.
They were 40% more likely to have concerns about trust and security (which are tough objections for a FinTech to overcome).
Gather and analyze data on your mobile visitors in isolation—otherwise valuable insights could be lost in the noise.
Using our insights on mobile visitors—and our workflow for developing high-converting pages for them—we created a new landing page for goHenry.
At 2.5 m tall on mobile, our new page may have problems getting through doorways, but it had no problem beating the original page by 78%.
There are loads of reasons why our new page beat the original. Here are just some of the proven techniques we used:
Our mobile visitors were intrigued but had many strong objections—as you would expect when selling a new financial product for children.
A long page allows us to address systematically all of the key objections, starting with the strongest.
Then, as each objection was addressed, we gave the prospect an opportunity to proceed through the funnel by sprinkling the “call to action” throughout the page. This effectively made the page as short as possible—but as long as necessary. This was particularly important on mobile.
There’s no such thing as a too-long page—only a too-boring one. So we had to ensure that the page was engaging from top to bottom.
Our research revealed that mobile visitors landed on the website with only a vague idea of what was being offered. Coupled with their strong objections, we were dealing with seriously volatile visitors, liable to self-destruct (leave the website) at any time.
Notice that the above techniques use visual methods for presenting complex information. Done right, this can be especially effective on mobile, where attention spans are as small as the screens.
Selling a new financial product and selling a new product for children are two of the toughest gigs in town. Buyers understandably have issues with trust and credibility.
The answer lay in the fact that goHenry is backed by Visa, one of the world’s most well-known and trusted financial institutions.
By positioning Visa much more prominently as part of the proposition—even to the extent that the goHenry brand was marginalized—we leveraged the trust inherent in Visa and made it our own.
Do you have similar examples of “hidden wealth” in your business? Most of our clients have elements that could be highly persuasive to prospects, but that the prospects rarely see. Used correctly, such persuasion assets can be amazingly effective. It’s worth thoroughly searching your own business. Often, a fresh pair of eyes will spot something you’ve overlooked.
When you’ve gathered loads of insights on your visitors, it’s crazy to focus only on the website. Every interaction a prospect, visitor or customer has with your business is an opportunity for optimization. Constantly look for other areas to apply your learnings. We use our research across all areas of the business, including offline.
Facebook was goHenry’s primary source of acquisition, so it was an obvious candidate for us to work on. We optimized goHenry’s Facebook ad campaign, applying multivariate-testing to its ad creatives. By sending the ads to our winning landing pages, we increased the number of sign-ups by 191% (that’s nearly three times).
We knew that price was a major pain point for prospects, so we turned our attention to the pricing page. Also, prospects had objections about being locked in, and how to cancel the subscription.
During the A/B-test, our new pricing page beat the control by 36%. You’ll see that it includes more salesmanship than the original. Many companies make the mistake of assuming that they don’t need to do any selling on their pricing page.
In the absence of obvious competitors to goHenry, prospects were using bank accounts as their “frame of reference.” But bank accounts are free. We communicated that goHenry is much more than a payment account—it’s an online learning tool. As such, its price is extremely low.
Pricing objections peaked on the pricing page, so we added our primary counter-objection: the free trial.
On the pricing page, don’t forget to remind prospects of the value of your product. We added a section covering all the great free features bundled with goHenry, and an image showing how much “stuff” you get.
It won because our research told us that half of the visitors to the homepage were originally from the same source as those on the landing page—they were just returning for a second look. So it followed that they would have the same objections, and be persuaded by the same appeals.
Do you know where your customers come from? If you don’t, ask them the following question: “Where did you first hear about us?”
Having made a huge impact increasing sign-ups, we turned our attention to the activation funnel. When a child’s card arrives in the mail, the parent must first activate it before it can be used. This stage is crucial for goHenry; each unactivated card is wasted money.
Before we began optimizing the card-activation stage, we carried out dedicated usability studies. The studies revealed two main issues:
The activation process began with the standard member log-in screen. Many parents didn’t consider themselves members at this point, so weren’t sure they were in the right place.
There were a several “cognitive barriers” on the journey, things that made members stop and think, diverting attention from the task at hand.
Be ruthless when designing your journeys—focus only on what’s necessary to complete the task in hand. When parents were asked to load money into their account, they had to define the amount in terms of a weekly allowance (unnecessary decision #1), and how many weeks’ allowance to add (unnecessary decision #2). Our new design removed both of these decisions.
Don’t just limit optimization to your website. If part of your journey happens offline, optimize that too.
Our research told us that half of the children knew about the card before it arrived in the mail. Now, if you’ve got kids you’ll know how persuasive they can be, so it came as no surprise that parents were more likely to activate when their child knew about the card.
So we sent the welcome letter to the kids instead. After all, the purpose of goHenry is to teach children financial responsibility.
By sending the card and letter to kids, we increased activations by 11%, as measured using an offline A/B-test.
Each interaction between finger and screen expresses an intent—and you need to understand what it is. Tools like Hotjar, Crazy Egg and Clicktale will help you do just that.
For maximum insights, use mobile screen recording software to capture usability tests (or simply record the test on another device). Tools like Lookback allow you to build an army of usability testers—or test recruiters—and have the videos land right in your inbox. It will even film the subject’s face during the test.
Make sure you can quickly view your wireframes on mobile. We use InVision to rapidly add functionality to our mobile wireframes. Then, we combine the wireframes with screenshots to create a semi-working version of the entire funnel. Finally, we use a service like UserTesting.com to test the prototype funnel.
We use A/B-testing software like Optimizely to measure which page generates the most conversions. Optimizely’s advanced custom audience features came into their own on this project. Tests that would have been prohibitively complex to run were suddenly within reach.
With developers at a premium, we made maximum use of Optimizely’s Visual Editor. It’s flexible and powerful, so the marketing team could set up tests that would otherwise have joined the queue for development.”
If you’re working in financial services—or any tightly regulated vertical—you’ll need to work closely with risk and compliance teams. This can be a major bottleneck in getting your ideas approved. Where possible, submit your ideas in “bite-sized” chunks, each with a mini business case. Complexity in these submissions can otherwise be crippling. Such “micro-approvals” are less onerous and much more likely to succeed.
On the website, we’re working on the sign-up funnel, as well as other key parts of the journey such as forgotten password and referrals.
What’s unusual about this rebuild is that it has been done iteratively, and with conversion at the heart of every decision. Conversion, by definition, is the reason that any website exists.
Nine out of every ten redesign projects we see go wrong. Performance and conversion often nosedive, and expensive—and time-consuming—remedial action is necessary. (We know this because this is why many clients pick up the phone and call us.)
By adopting the iterative approach we have outlined above, we eliminate the risk. Plus, every new page is ROI-positive from the moment it is pushed live.
We have deliberately ignored desktop in this article, despite the fact that we’ve worked extensively on goHenry’s desktop website. If you’d like to see some example of how to improve conversion on desktop, visit our case studies page or our “Clients and Results” page.
We love working with the goHenry team. The members are dynamic, energetic and action-oriented. They get a lot done.
“Uplift in the order of 50%, 60%—even up to 100%,” for digital-marketing education website Smart Insights
“If you’re serious about getting the best results … then they are the number-one choice,” says the UK’s biggest online printer-ink store

0:28, 5:08, 5:28, 5:48, 6:12, 6:35, 7:26, 7:46, 8:06, 8:26, 8:46, 9:06, 9:26, 9:46, 10:06, 10:26, 10:46, 11:06, 11:26, 11:46, 12:06, 12:26, 12:46, 13:06, 13:26, 13:46, 14:06, 14:26, 14:46, 15:05, 15:24, 15:44, 16:04, 16:24, 16:44, 17:04, 17:24, 17:44, 18:04, 18:15, 18:36, 18:56, 19:16, 19:36, 19:56, 20:16, 20:36, 20:56

How is this possible? Doesn't rows.length contain the entire collection of all rows and therefore should be equal to or greater than bodyRowCount?
What could be causing the rows.length to contain less than all rows in the table? Could it be merged cells? Is there a way to identify all merged cells in the table? Or is it something else?
Peter, by necessity (.. well, the DOM model) bodyRowsCount must be <= rows.length. OP reports the opposite.
BurtonDev: write a script to put row numbers into each cell of your table, then show a screenshot. InDesign's table model is straightforward and all merged cells still count as 'real' cells. You can even accidentally get or set text into them... So that cannot be the cause.
Hadn't even spotted that. Maybe he mixed things. How can a table have fewer rows than body rows. Can't imagine that you could achieve that even with some diabolical cell merging
can you upload a sample of the document with the table to a service like Dropbox and post the link here?
Unfortunately, I cannot share the document. However, I am going to try what [Jongware] suggests and post the screenshots in this thread. Stay tuned!
I did what you suggested - wrote a script to insert the row index into each cell of the table, and got some very, very odd results.
This was a great suggestion. I'm seeing a pattern, but I'm still not totally sure what's causing rows.length to be < .bodyRowCount.
That looks pretty crazy to me. As you can see, in the fifth column from the right, row index 1 is empty and row index 2 contains both 1 and 2.
The rest of the columns to the right have the same thing going on every other column with rows indexed 0 and 1. The cells that are blank with 0 and 1 in the cell beneath are cells that contained form fields. To create these form fields, I first selected the cell, applied "Convert Cell to Graphic Cell", then selected the graphic cell and picked "Text Field" from the "Buttons and Forms" Type droplist. Of course, since the script replaced the contents with the row index, the text fields are no longer in the cells.
This seems to explain the aforementioned columns, but it doesn't explain the column where the 1 and 2 are in the same cell. I didn't use any form fields or graphic cells in this column. So it still seems to me a bit of a mystery...
What's even weirder is that the displaced text still behaves as if it is in the correct cell, even though it doesn't appear to be.
For example, I can highlight and select the emptiness in the cell without selecting the entire cell and apply a change, such as changing the text color, and the change will be applied to the text in the cell below:
In the screenshot above you can see the blank selection and the 0, changed to cyan. Any change I make to the selection or its cell will change the 0 in the cell below, even alignment. This is how the cell looks bottom aligned:
Even when top aligned, the 0 is still half inside the cell below and is nowhere near the top of the selected cell (and yes, there is 0 inset on all four sides of the cells).
FYI the entire table is composed of body rows. There are no header or footer rows, though I don't think that it matters in this case.
I forgot to mention that I had resized the columns for the screenshots so that you can read the numbers. In the original layout, all the columns with 0 in the top row that appear as expected (with the exception of the ones with the merged cell) were set to a width of 4 pt. IDK if the narrow column width might be a factor...
Do another experiment: instead of the row indexes, in each cell write the its name (...contents = cells[i].name). That prints in each cell a string of two numbers separated by a colon. The first number is the colum index, the second, the row index. Row and column spanning, especially when combined, can make tables difficult to process.
… That looks pretty crazy to me. As you can see, in the fifth column from the right, row index 1 is empty and row index 2 contains both 1 and 2.
Is the parent of that "rows" expression eventually referring to a column rather than to the table? In that case you could see to the result after merge of cells.
Besides, even if it started off as reference to the table, it might have become corrupted in some way by previous changes, the same way that happens to text references (where we usually iterate find-change results from back to front ...)
It would be interesting to see the toSpecifier() of that assumed table reference, also whether it still yields wrong results if you rebuild the reference to the table.
Peter Kahrel: I also got bodyRowCount == rows.length when I used a fresh table in a new document, but I was getting bodyRowCount > rows.length in the problem tables. I tried outputting the cell name into the cells as you suggested. The result was as expected, with the exception of the "weird" cells... which Uwe rightly surmised was due to baseline shift.
Laubender: Somehow I must have clicked on a character style with a baseline shift while the cells in question were selected. I can't think of how else the baseline shift was applied because it was not intentionally applied. But you were correct. Once the baseline shift was eliminated, the cells appeared as normal.
Regarding the inspection of the row index - the script I wrote iterated through all the cells and wrote rows[x].index.toString() to cells[y].contents. So I was looking at the actual index for the row, not the value of the iterator.
Dirk Becker: By the time I came across your comment, I had recreated the tables from masters and deleted the offending pages, so I was not able to test app.selection[0].parentStory.tables[0].rows[0].parent.toSpecifier() on the problem tables .
I have tried without success to recreate the error. I noticed that it seemed to happen while debugging "Object is invalid" errors. I recreated one of these errors in my code but it did not cause the bodyRowCount > rows.length error again.
I guess this will remain a mystery unless I or someone else can recreate the error. Thanks for all your help.
https://forums.adobe.com/people/Dirk+Becker : By the time I came across your comment, I had recreated the tables from masters and deleted the offending pages, so I was not able to test app.selection[0].parentStory.tables[0].rows[0].parent.toSpecifier() on the problem tables .
Such specification — app.selection[0].parentStory.tables[0].etc.etc — is obviously of the kind that Dirk was suspecting potentially corrupted, or at least very unstable, in terms of object reference. There are good reasons to think that the actual target of your bodyRowCount command was not or no longer, at the time you sent it, the assumed object. And the fact you met "Object is invalid" errors while debugging your script tends to reinforce this view. Having some piece of code to study would have helped a lot.
When I try to save as pdf in Photoshop CC, it does nothing. I go to File - Print. When the print dialogue box comes up I choose "Print Settings". I drop down the PDF box and Choose "Save as PDF…" I give it a file name and choose save…..and Nothing. I would rather not save as a Photoshop PDF under the normal save as feature. Any help?
I have been saving it as a Photoshop PDF. However, I should be able to Print-Save to PDF, but it is not working. I'm trying to troubleshoot that particular feature.
That you want to create a PDF via Print, and in the print dialog save as PDF? This should not be done in any case! Never create a PDF via Print from Photoshop, Illustrator or InDesign. So I hope, it will not work.
This is what is not working. Whether or not you want me to do it, it should do it. And it is not. If you cannot answer why this particular feature is not working, please do not respond.
Why in the world you want to create a PDF via printing? It is not good because it uses either PostScript or a similar Library. Don't use it.
You are not the only one with these questions in a forum, so if you want to do silly things, you can do it, but others are looking in this forum here for solutions, when they encounter the same problem as you have now. They shall find the correct answer and get help. They might be intelligent and do things as the program functions are intended to be used and not how someone thinks it should work.
And if you insist in doing dump things, I think creating a PDF via printing will not work via Apples Quartz (Save as PDF) but only via Adobe's Library (Save as Adobe PDF) which requires Acrobat Pro installed on your Computer.
Willi, there's a way to make your point without calling the poster's question "dumb" or otherwise being offensive. Please keep things civil on this forum. People are, after all, genuinely and humbly asking for help.
not a dumb question at all. I have the exact same issue. the print the file AS PDF 8.0 and it appears to working but there is no file, no location. This function used to work on the old Indesign software. whats good about the Print to PDF if it could work, is that there is a the capacity of printing pages as a thumbnail compilation. I dont see any way to do this thru the standard Export as PDF function.
You may want to save your psd as a flat Tiff file and then use Create PDF in Acrobat, or Print to Adobe PDF in another program At this point you can't do it directly from Photoshop.
I may have posted this comment in wrong thread. My printing pdf needs is from InDesign, not Photoshop. thanks
While you may be able to access the Mac OSX print dialog via the Adobe print dialog, as you have discovered, the Save as PDF option in the Printer dialog is not supported.
But the whole point of the Mac OS giving this option in the first place, is so that people who have applications that don't support the native creation of PDFs can still create a PDF using the built in Mac OS Quartz content to create their PDFs.
Since Adobe invented the PDF format, their applications can create PDFs with more options and better internal file integrity that Mac OS Quartz or other 3rd party PDF content creators.
By the way, you may have noticed that Mac Preview is a poor PDF reader that only handles a small subset of PDF features.
The forums are full of posts from Mac people wondering why their PDFs aren/t working correctly. In practically every case they are using Mac Preview to view their PDF.
That Mac OS help file is just general information and can't possibly cover every single issue that you may encounter when using your computer.
From InDesign you should always export a PDF instead of printing a PDF. From Illustrator and Photoshop is saving as PDF the correct method.
For me it's a question of ease of use. I almost always press command-P and go to 'save as PDF' in all the other programs I use. It works for my CAD program, writing programs, etc. so am certainly expecting it to work in a similar fashion in PhotoShop especially since these are Adobe products. In this sense, it seems Adobe could make this route to a PDF workable by making it the same as 'save as' or export as.
The following is my CAD program. I click command-P, click on PDF>Save as, and hit Enter. Done, all dialogues close and I'm finished.
There is a route through the Print dialogue but it doesn't always produce a PDF, which I have discovered wastes a lot of time trying to figure out what is going on with my computer... as noted this is probably being blocked by Adobe, but how can they block a function that is clearly available as noted here:
In PhotoShop, one clicks command-P to get the following and then has to know to search 'Print Settings' to find the PDF function which is in the next image...
So while one is thinking they will get a PDF, the fact is it doesn't always work. Further, the series of keys one has to click on increases and is certainly not as functional as that of my CAD or other programs. Print to PDF has been around ever since PDF became available. Not having this functional and 'in the same format' as other programs is very unfortunate. If there is a difference between 'printing to PDF via postscript' or some other option as implied by the above poster then Adobe should make those options available in the Print dialogue box under PDF. For real, I have wasted a lot of time just to learn that Adobe does it different, so will now go to 'save as' or whatever. Still, they are putting every user who works primarily with other programs and not Adobe through the same frustration and waste of valuable time which is just not a very user friendly attitude. Sometimes program changes have to stand their ground to make a change in the world of software, but in this case, and even though PDF is incredibly useful, is not one of those times. The hallmark of PDF is that it is universal and easy. Keep it that way.
'Again why aren't you exporting....' < does not get it. Put that option in the Print dialogue please to function as essentially an export.
Did you ever find an answer for this? It's 2016 and I'm experiencing the same problem now that I've switched to a macbook from windows. So frustrating!
As it was before, with Adobe Applications like InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator you should NEVER create a PDF via printing. Use Save as or Export as PDF. It creates superior PDFs as any print process would do. Because printing a PDF from Photoshop causes a huge loss of quality, Adobe has disabled this functionality.
Just came across this thread via Google and just wanted to add my, what I believe to be quite valid, reasoning for wanting to do this.
I do not have a printer attached to my computer, so occasionally I send a PDF to my work computer, which is a different OS and does not have Photoshop installed, to print out a sample of whatever I'm working on in Photoshop. I want it to be size-accurate, and in the top left corner of the page (not centered). The Photoshop Print dialogue easily accomplishes this, and I'd like to save as a PDF from that dialogue to an 8.5x11 document, to allow for quick and easy printing from my other computer. This is much easier than adjusting the canvas size in Photoshop to 8.5x11 every single time I want to print.
It's just for a quick sample print, not any sort of professional print, and I don't think this intended use is in anyway "dumb" or incorrect have some have suggested here.
You should NEVER create any PDF from Phtoshop via printing. Only saving allows to keep vectors and text as vectors and text in the created PDF. Printing a PDF will rasterize any vector content to the image's resolution and decrease quality.
The file is only created when you click Print in the Photoshop print window. Seems a bit weird, but that's how it works.
The people at the printing shop want large poster to be with cut-markings, which only the print menu give you. Therefore I like to print to PDF, to deliver print-ready designs, incl overflow, marges, etc.
I'm stuck on this one. Trying to post an image on a wall using vanishing point filter but also want to throw my saved drop shadow on the perspective image placed. I have no trouble placing the image properly but will not let me apply style. Please help! Thanks.
Not sure vanishing point is the way to go. You can export the mesh, then use a smart object to place and distort the image to match the mesh. Having the drop shadow inside the smart object will allow your to apply it and have it distort along with the image.
I've got FCP 6. Worked fine. Now it no longer opens. It just gets hung up on the startup screen with the beach ball spinning.
I trashed the prefs but not sure if there's more than one file I should trash. Seem to recall that but couldn't find any others.
8-Core 3.0 Intel Mac Pro, Dual 2 gig G5, AJA Kona SD, AJA Kona 2, Huge Systems Array UL3D, AJA Io HD, 17" MBP, Matrox MXO2 with MAX - Cinema Displays I have a 22" that I paid 4k for still working. G4 with Kona SD card, and SCSI card.
Not sure what you mean. Do you want me to create a new account in Creative Cow? Or is this something to do with my question?
If you are trying to open a project, move your media to a different location and open the project. If it opens, you have a corrupt clip in your sequence.
Not weird. That is normal. FCP scans all the files to make sure they are correct. Depending on the project size, it can take awhile.
My company sells a USB barcode scanner that acts as a USB HID keyboard (scanning a barcode types the barcode value). It does not require any additional software to be installed as it behaves as a keyboard. We've been selling them for about 14 years and haven't had any compatibility issues until now. It works with every operating system we've encountered except for El Capitan. Connecting the scanner shows these messages in Console:
The device will scan a barcode but nothing is typed and the scanner stops responding until it is disconnected and reconnected. This behavior occurs in OS X 10.11.1 beta 2 (15B22c) and the final OS X 10.11 (15A284). It looks like Apple rewrote the USB stack/APIs in 10.11, which wasn't supposed to break anything but did:
At first, I assumed it was related to the new System Integrity Protection feature introduced in El Capitan, however disabling this did not help.
The symptoms are the say as described above, the scanner seems to connect fine and is able to scan barcodes, but it doesn't actually produce any output on screen as it used to do in Yosemite.
I am also seeing problem after upgrading to 10.11 with one of my HID devices. It's a composite USB device (mouse and keyboard).
OSX is able to connect the mouse part of the device but the keyboard fails and enumeration continue to infinity (row 16-27 repeats).
- Before the OS boot, the keyboard is working (you know this because 'Caps lock' is working and ALT(Option) key is working for boot selection).
- Difference between working one / none working was (from the system report, in my case) that working one has USB Speed of 1.5Mb/Sec, while non-working one has 12Mb/Sec
- Apple support will keep saying 'contact your keyboard vendor'. They even reject to open internal ticket for Dev investigation.
If someone from Apple support is monitoring this forum please engage your dev and have them take a look into this simple but annoying issue.
I tried to the play the Gamecube game, Pokemon Colosseum. It got ready to start emulating the ISO, and then a window poped up. It said:
"The inscruction at "0x7c9113c0" referenced memory at "0x6e49206f". The memory could not be "written".
Somtimes diagnosis of computer ailments is a guessing game, and seeing as how i have limited information to work with in your case, this is the best i can do.
Which version of Directx do I need? I just got DX9 a few hours ago which solved a problem with the pad plugins.
More likely Rashira has a rather crappy video card, if so there's not much to do except wait for the ogl plugin to be fixed. (Which may never happen).
Post a screenshot (press print screen button above insert. then paste the pic in Paint and save it as a JPG) of all of your settings and plugin choices for Dolphin.
After the ogl context creation fails, who knows what will happen...it's not very friendly code after such a failure
Rashira also try nv control panel -> Manage 3d settings -> global -> extension limit = off (If you have an nv graphics card)
If you send me a PM i will respond with instructions on how to find this information and take a screenshot so that you can post it here.
(05-28-2009, 11:33 AM)Ketchup Wrote: Rashira you're going to have to provide more info or no one is going to be able to help you.
-disable advanced text service on dolphin (right click the exe, go to compatiblity and disbale it there)
I don't think this is an issue with a specific copr repo, and more of an issue with dnf/dnf plugins. dnf plugin "copr" is part of python3-dnf-plugins-core package. I would first verify all files from dnf packages with "rpm -qV <package>". Tracebacks in dnf can also be caused by a corrupted rpm database, but I am not sure if that is the case with this one.
If you are indeed using Fedora 26, there is always a possibility that developers broke something, and this currently does not work.
It is essentially important for human beings to follow laws and orders without which a man can be brutal enough harm others. It can be easily mentioned that law plays a vital role in arranging the mob in a systematic manner. So, one should never fail to follow laws of any kind, concerning anything.
- PS - I'm looking for a nice, hard cock - doesn't have to be attached to a living person, but it has to feel real.
I couldn't agree with you more. That's making life balance. I am just thankful that God has been so good to me and to my family. To err is human but life isn't all that.
This is what we are coming to a society that worships their government and rules while shunning freedom. Fucking imbeciles.
Before you select the lawyer, you must compare their fees carefully. You need to check whether there is any fee required to evaluate your claim. At the same time, you must find out how the consultation fee is calculated.
It is important that you now your rights and responsibility as well, as the complainant. It's best to clairfy things with your lawyer. State details that you think will help you and your case succeed.
If you are looking for a disability lawyer then you may not have to look any further then you yellow pages. Lawyers are usually plentiful especially in large cities. Keep in mind that laws vary from state to state so you will need someone from your area to represent you.
Nobody clicks on my links because there's more Spam in them than the entire canned meat aisle at the supermarket.
I shot the last three o' dem folk that tried puttin' them yeller Bibles of 'ers on this here cornerstone... G'won! Take yer bag o' shit and sling it elsewhere... We're empty 'round here, but ain't that desperate...
Personal injury lawyer providing you the opportunity for an injured person to take legal action against the another person who injured you. He know the all legal rules and regulations of the injury lawyers and perfect in your work.There are numerous similar types of personal injury cases. Some of them are include medical misconduct claims, car accident claims, defamation or libel claims cases etc.
Apologies for the necro, but I've just started playing this and it really is great. Any tips for little nooblets?
2: 2 engineers, 1 gunner, 1 pilot. 1 engineer focuses purely on the hull, the other runs around and fixes everything else, occasionally jumping on guns if needed.
Thanks so far I've been playing exclusively as a gunner since I am apparently fierce as feck on a gatling gun. It gets surprisingly hectic for a game about bloody blimps!
I am a new user of the linux os. I installed linux mint 19 MATE yesterday on my new laptop making a new partition for it. Problem is, without an externat wifi USB like the ones netgear sells, i have no wifi. However I was able to establish a connection using ethernet. To be more specific: On the taskbar, on its right side, i see rectangle with a small "x" on its down-right corner. When I click on it there are no wifi options shown, as I have seen on videos and such. Any ideas on how to fix this? Here are some info:
Ok, we have some news here. I did what the post you told me to go to suggested and I do indeed have a "wireless" option now. However it says "unavailable" and no networks are scanned. I went ahead and created a connection using the SSID and WPA2 key password. The connection was successful but really unstable, in fact so unstable I was rarely able to log in the forums. Being frustrated by this and many other minor issues I decided to switch to an older version of mint: LInux Mint 18.3 CInnamon, and I really like it better. Thing is that the wifi problem persisted in this version too, so i repeated all those steps (think I also had to install git, no problem there). So I am in the same spot now. Having a "wireless" option but it says "unavailable" showing 0 scanned networks around me, whereas there are many. Any more suggestions? Thanks for any advice so far.
P.S. Using windows 10 my connection to the internet was really stable, so it cant be a network card issue.
Did you happen to do the antenna test? Most people need to use the ant_sel=2 to get decent reception
Thanks a ton roblm, nuff respect for helping me through this even regardless of it being a stupid thing in the end
After doing some testing, I have now seen the Continue using a manually installed driver message for the first time while installing a Nvidia driver in Driver Manager. In Mint 19 Cinnamon, I installed a Nvidia driver and then removed it, but it was not removed and that message was seen and all options grayed out.
Also in Driver Manager, the nvidia-390 driver is now named nvidia-driver-390, so anyone using the command sudo apt install nvidia-390 to install the driver needs to make the change.
I added this info because many users will not know what to do when they see the Continue using a manually installed driver message.
First use the command ls /etc/modprobe.d. There should be a file named nvidia-graphics-drivers.conf or one similar to nvidia-390.conf listed, but the number may be different. These blacklist the nouveau driver. It's supposed to be removed when the Nvidia driver is uninstalled, but that doesn’t always happen and it’s happening more often in the newer Mint versions. Use this command, for example, to remove that file: sudo rm /etc/modprobe.d/nvidia-390.conf
After some more testing, the procedure above may not work after using Driver Manager to remove a Nvidia driver. You will also need to use one or both of these commands to remove all the other Nvidia related files: sudo apt remove nvidia-driver-390 and sudo apt autoremove
I wish I had found this thread first. I eventually found that the Secureboot option should be disabled.
After finally booting to GUI successfully I attempted to update the Nvidia driver from original Nouveau driver.
I was amazed to discover that a system could be so unpredictably unstable. One boot would freeze while booting... the next would freeze after login and then another would freeze on driver manager load, then on shutdown and reboot would always shutdown. Then I finally got the driver manager to install Nvidia 396 driver and all is working INCLUDING reboot. The only reason I upgraded to Mint 19 from Mint 18 was that 18 refused to allow me a sound device... something that had never happened in the previous 6 or 7 installations on 3 separate computers.
It may cause some confusion for the average consumer, being 2 different kinds of iPhone's. 1 only working on ATT and 1 only working on Verizon, for now.
I read somewhere that there is a hybrid chip that supports both GSM and CDMA, hopefully this tech will be available on the next revision.
My main reason for making this post is because of the confusion it will bring onto people, and the lack of compatibility. It would be like 2 different versions of the macbook pro, 1 only works with one ISP and the other only works with another ISP....it's just not streamline.
Was apple so anxious to get it to verizon, and vice versa, they rushed it? I just see this hurting a little bit down the road, thats all....
Hybrid chips cost more, so you almost always still see a phone manufacturer make one model for CDMA networks (that supports both CDMA and GSM), then a second model that only supports GSM.
Oh it can't be terrible. I'm sure when you go to the Apple Store and say "I need to buy an iPhone" they'll say "which carrier do you want?"
everyone here can make the distinction, but joe blow plumber possibly can't....thats all, just speaking my mind
It's been this way for years....there were razrs for gsm carriers and identical razrs for verizon and sprint....same with blackberries and treos and nokias and pretty much every other manufacturer.
I don't know why Apple chose to not make the VZ phone a "world phone"...possibly cost, possibly design compromises, who knows? But they could have done it if they wanted to as the tech exists, they just chose not to.
There will be a some people who will need more guidance from the Apple Store employees. But that should be fine, employees can find out from customers' current phones which carrier they use. Also, if it's activated in store, then there's less risk of providing the wrong phone.
Uh, no. Most people can take a simple look at their bill and determine carrier. It's not a rocket science to figure out what carrier you have.
It will be easy to tell customers the difference. One iPhone has a SIM slot, the other doesn't. The one with the SIM slot only works with AT&T, and vice-versa.
Now, as to the hybrid CDMA-GSM iPhone. It is not going to happen ever. This one all engineers are going to agree with me. The current iPhone barely has space for one radio. They had to go the microSIM route to make it work. Having an extra radio is not possible, unless they make the iPhone fatter or bigger, which I highly doubt Jobs will allow.
The only mistake that I see is the slight movement of the side buttons. Before, all iPhone cases were made for the current generation and you knew it would work as long as it said iPhone 4. Consumers are now going to have to make sure their case works with the carrier version they have.
Every single time I'm in an Apple store, people are already confused as heck when looking through the case sections. "Oh, this is for the iPhone 4." "iPod 3G, where's the iTouch cases?"
Yea, the pain will come when people have to ask if their case will work work with their iPhone 4 and why the iPhone 4 case they bought doesn't work with their iPhone 4.
Yes, there are many threads on subjects like "most people don't know the difference between RAM and a hard drive" or "the general public doesn't know what GSM is."
And you know what...those kind of statements are accurate. A lot of people don't know all this stuff. Not everyone is going to know everything. That's cool.
But this question goes too far. It's akin to asking "How can they sell rat poison in stores? Won't people eat it and die?" I mean...really.
What is the OP suggesting? That someone will walk into a Verizon store when they really wanted to buy an AT&T phone? (D'oh!) Or does he think they'll tell the Apple employee "I'm on AT&T" when they really wanted a Verizon phone? I mean, which scenario is he pushing here? Which one is even remotely believable?
At a certain point you cross the line from saying "not everyone knows everything" over to "everyone is a complete imbecile!" This thread is way, way over that line.
I mean, let me ask you this, OP. Do you find it confusing that the Apple store sells Macbook charging cables and iPhone charging cables? Should Apple look into their "problem" of having multiple cables? Seriously...what prompted this question?
I think you are forgeting there is a CDMA/GSM chip out there and it's already been placed in some thin smartphones I believe. So as long as it's not to big...it could happen. If it's not small enough today, it could be 6-12 months from now.
However, with LTE coming out, it's more likely that they'll just launch LTE/CDMA and LTE/WCDMA phones first. We won't see a single model until a very small and power efficient LTE/CDMA/WCDMA chip is made. And this may be years from now.
At least you were smart enough to not technically say "never" - that way you can deny it later when the time comes just like the Verizon iPhone.
I can't see how it will be any different than the current state of affairs. The customer is going to get their device from one of three places:
Numbers 1 and 2 aren't going to sell them the wrong phone. So their only risk of getting screwed is by buying from #3, and folks have been buying iPhones to use with "Carrier X" since day one only to get home and find out they just wasted their money. Its buyer beware like always.
Average Joe doesn't even know what GSM or CDMA even is, they just know what network they are on and don't give a damn
The thing here is, apple fixed the antenna issue, and that resolution required a slight modification to the button placement.
I've been an att customer for years and in my area att works great. I know Verizon customers and Verizon is also great in the same area.
I used to think threads like this were insulting. Then I got into IT. It's surprisingly accurate, unfortunately. And not only are there amazingly large numbers of uneducated people out there, but they refuse to learn, and they refuse to accept the consequences of not learning, and expect others who constantly hold their hands and clean up their messes, and forgive their costly mistakes.
I too am an advocate of self responsibility. And if you don't know what you're doing or what you're buying, you deserve what you get.
The problem is, there's going to be SOME guy out there who will make a stink that his Verizon iPhone will not work on AT&T (or vice versa), and blame the carriers, or Apple, or all of the above. And then they'll try and do a class action lawsuit. And the courts will actually entertain the buffoon's legal actions.
I respectfully disagree with you completely on this. As I posted in this thread earlier, I don't think that Verizon getting the iPhone is going to create much more confusion than already exists. However, I do think that you are giving the general public more credit then they deserve on this subject.
People understand that different appliances require different power cables because its something they deal with on a daily basis. My computer needs a different power cord then my printer, and my cell phone power supply won't charge my electric razor, etc etc. How often do people deal with the in's & outs of buying a new cell phone, much less switching carriers entirely? Remember, I am not talking about the tech savvy gadget guru who always wants the latest and the greatest. I am talking about the average person who doesn't understand that one cell phone doesn't not automatically jive with any carrier.
And we're not just talking about knowing the difference between CDMA & GSM, but also *which* company supports *which* format, and how those devices interact with each respective network. Think about someone who has only ever used GSM phones with SIM cards. Unless they go out of their way to learn about it, they're not going to automatically know that switching CDMA phones is not as simple as popping a SIM card in & out.
I can quickly think of *at least* 10 people I know (who are not morons drooling into a napkin) that wouldn't know the difference between those things and would need to ask for help. As I said in my other post, if they buy from a dealer they'll be fine. But those folks who go to 3rd party sellers are the ones at risk for getting burned.
But in reality does it really matter? In regards to being able to make calls and use the Internet is what matters.
+1000. Empirical proof that it won't be a problem for the majority. Most Americans are used to buying phones per carrier, not per protocol.
As stated in the title I have a 15 inch unibody MacBook pro connected to a 24 inch Apple LED Display and the MBP won't sleep.
I assume that you have the MagSafe connected from the 24"? I asked if the computer fails to sleep when the 24" is not connected and just the magsafe that came with your computer is connected.
Macbook on its own when not connected to the 24 inch display (video and magsafe) sleepis without issue.
Like I said, my power settings are 5 minutes screen dim and 10 minutes sleep. They are set up like this for both plugged and unplugged.
I have the same issue with my 17" and a dell 22" monitor. Wont sleep. The monitor will sleep after a few minutes but the MBP, never does. I have fiddled with the power settings and it just wont sleep on its own. I can put it to sleep manually with no issues.
Did you ever get your problem resolved? My laptop still wont sleep in clamshell attached to my monitor. Anybody?
Honestly, I've never once used the front facing camera. Besides a quick test photo that looked horrible. It's really only for facetime. It's pretty useless otherwise.
when you want to take a picture of you and someone else. withthe front facing camera you can see the image that you are about to take.
LOL--that's about all I use it for! I walk about a half mile every morning from the train station to work, usually in a pretty stiff breeze, and always check my hair real quick when I get to my desk. Saves me a trip to the bathroom.
Meant to add suspension is a massive factor for me with purchasing a car. The w211 55K with air all round is fantastic even in today's...
That is a cracking right up I can't thank you enough. You have so answered my questions regarding the w212. My 55K is just over 80,000....
The ‘63 is a nice engine, I think as the power delivery is more linear and doesn’t run out of revs it’s deceiving (the diesel like shove...
Thanks guys great advice you have given me there. Had an awful day you don't want to know. Van trouble oh well got to get van looked at...
I managed to pic mine up for £2k with airmatic suspension 320cdi. Ok body is a tad rough but nothing serious a few scratches on bumpers...
When looking for a S211, be aware that most vehicles registered after March 2006 will have a VED tax hike of £200.00 ( £315.00 to...
The facelift was mid 2006 so probably 56 plate onwards. Te pre-facelift all had the 5g gearbox which is a solid 'box. My avantgarde was...
I remember you saying before I imagine a lot involved to carry it out and at an expensive cost. Did you do the work yourself. Do you use...
Most gearboxes on the eclass of this age perform mighty by the sounds of things. This and engine are my main concerns. Little gadgets...
Lovely car you have there a decent price you paid for it by the sounds. I have a repair / service fund at hand were there to be any...
Airmatic it will need to have then fella can't be having no bone crushing ride. Must keep an eye out for this on the add. O4 as you say...
Cheers fellas. Auto levelling being very comfortable I presume. Everything pre-facelift being 07 down is that correct. Don't want any...
Could I pick up a decent S211 on a budget of £3,000.00 to 3,500. I be totally honest I don't really look into cars or have an interest...
I thought as much 55K not ideal for snow/icey weather, bad enough in the wet. I did have the use of another car but sadly the 318 bwm...



Proforma financial statements should be the companies best estimates on how the company will perform in future periods. They should be part of the overall analytical process, but should not be the only information that the someone would base their decision.
Pro-forma financial statements can be an effective tool for management because the format will synthesize the thoughts and plans of upper management as well as middle management, department heads and others. In that regard, it is a participatory exercise that can then be used for accountability of managers. Variance analysis later can be very helpful for management to understand what went wrong as well as what went right.
First it forces the managers to carefully plan ahead beginning with a sales forecast and ending with expected expenses. Once planned, the pro-forma statement ...
In a 363 word solution, the reponse carefully explains several uses for pro-forma statements including other reports which should be prepared as part of the package of forecasted data.
20 years. Calcor has suffered through the recent slump in the domestic auto industry, and its performance
Calcor's return on sales before interest and taxes was 5% in fiscal 2008 compared to the industry average
of 9%. Calcor's turnover of average assets of four times per year and return on average assets before
For fiscal 2009, Kuhn and the rest of Calcor's management team are considering the following actions,
2. Increase advertising by $420,000 and hold all other selling and administrative expenses at fiscal
3. Improve customer service by increasing average current assets (inventory and accounts receivable)
4. Finance the additional assets at an annual interest rate of 10% and hold all other interest expense
1. Prepare a single-step pro forma income statement for Calcor Company for the year ended November 30, 2009, assuming that Calcor's planned actions would be carried out, and that a 5% increase in unit sales would be realized.
4. Discuss whether or not it would be possible for Calcor Company to achieve the first two (2) of Kuhn's goals without achieving his third goal of 30% return on average assets before interest and taxes.
How would you go about defining the identity of Able Corporation and creating its mission statement? Where would you look for the information? What do you already know about Able that can help?
This book is for individuals wishing to learn Java and specialize in Android application development. This book consists of two parts. Part I is focused on Java and Part II explains how to build Android applications effectively. The Java tutorial has been updated to cover the new features in Java 8, the latest version of Java. The Android application examples were developed using Android Studio, the official Android IDE from Google.
I don’t know. I have never been clinically diagnosed or stuff. I do know a few things though. I wrestle with depressingly dark thoughts. I long to not live. I suffocate with loneliness.
I enjoy the most simple things. Being creative is bliss for me. My faith in Christ will not ever be shaken by either those who tell me God hates me for being gay, or by those who tell me God is a fairy tale.
And through it all, i cherish those genuine people who have chosen to be a part of this journey. To those few who are with me at a needed moment, i am most very grateful. To those who connect with me not from me asking, thank you.
Each of all of you are good, and do not ever believe someone telling you any different. Let us let life continue to romance us, and enjoy the dance.

I have a new role at Clearleft. It’s not a full-time role. It’s in addition to my existing role of …um …whatever it is I do at Clearleft.
Anyway, my new part-time role is that of being a content buddy. Sounds a little dismissive when I put it like that. Let me put in capitals…
This is Ellen’s idea. She’s been recruiting Content Guardians and Content Buddies. The Guardians will be responsible for coaxing content out of people, encouraging to write that blog post, article, or case study. The role of the Content Buddy is to help shepherd those pieces into the world.
I have let it be known throughout the office that I am available—day or night, rain or shine—for proof-reading, editing, and general brain-storming and rubber-ducking.
On my first official day as a Content Buddy on Friday I helped Ben polish off a really good blog post (watch this space), listened to a first run-through of Charlotte’s upcoming talk at the Up Front conference in Manchester (which is shaping up to be most excellent), and got together with Paul for a mutual brainstorming session for future conference talks. The fact that Paul is no longer a full-time employee at Clearleft is a mere technicality—Content Buddies for life!
Paul is preparing a talk on design systems for Smashing Conference in Freiburg in September. I’m preparing a talk on the A element for the HTML Special part of CSS Day in Amsterdam in just one month’s time (gulp!). We had both already done a bit of mind-mapping to get a jumble of ideas down on paper. We learned that from Ellen’s excellent workshop.
Then we started throwing ideas back and forth, offering suggestions, and spotting patterns. Once we had lots of discrete chunks of stuff outlined (but no idea how to piece them together), we did some short intense spurts of writing using the fiendish TheMostDangerousWritingApp.com. I looked at Paul’s mind map, chose a topic from it for him, and he had to write on that non-stop for three to five minutes. Meanwhile he picked a topic from my mind map and I had to do the same. It was exhausting but also exhilarating. Very quickly we had chunks of content that we could experiment with, putting them in together in different ways to find different narrative threads. I might experiment with publishing them as short standalone blog posts.
The point was not to have polished, finished content but rather to get to the “shitty first draft” stage quickly. We were following Hemingway’s advice:
…but not literally. Mind you, I could certainly imagine combining beer o’clock on Fridays with Content Buddiness. That wasn’t an option on this particular Friday though, as I had to run off to band practice with Salter Cane. A very different, and altogether darker form of content creation.
New York—BBDO Worldwide, New York, has promoted Troy Ruhanen to chairman-CEO of the Americas, a new position at the agency. Ruhanen was previously deputy chairman of BBDO North America, New York. In his new role, he will have oversight of BBDO's operations in North, Central and South America, including the Proximity direct and digital agency network.
Last week at Ad Age's wildly popular Digital Conference (it entirely sold out and we even spotted someone trying to buy a scalped ticket online), I moderated a panel on social data with PeopleBrowsr Founder and CEO Jodee Rich, LinkedIn Principal Data Scientist Daniel Tunkelang and Klout Cofounder and CEO Joe Fernandez. We explored the emerging science and art of social-data mining -- including the idea that marketers and media people can best get their messages heard if they identify and target so-called social influencers online.
We'll have a series of follow-up articles and posts about this white-hot topic, but for now, in the tradition of Pee-wee Herman, we're going to break for some cartoons. In his introductory segment on the social-data panel, Jodee showed a few images from a special slide deck that his team put together to show just how far we've all come in our collective understanding of social influence. Today, we're sharing PeopleBrowsr's full deck, titled A Brief Cartoon Study of Social Influencers, 2006-2011. It covers great and not-so-great moments in "social" history through whimsical illustrations by Adam Long. (There are also a few slides at the end that plug PeopleBrowsr's services.)
Remember when Ashton Kutcher made history (twistory?) by gaining a million followers on Twitter? When the so-called Motrin Moms revolted? When a Domino's employee posted a disgusting pizza-abuse video on YouTube? The team at PeopleBrowsr sure does...

Keep your Wildcats memories safe with this photo album. The exterior boasts a Mossy Oak Break-Up camo pattern and an embossed team logo emblem on a genuine leather inlay. With 72 4” x 6” photo slots at your disposal, this will be a great way to relive and share the best Kentucky moments for years to come!
Kentucky_Wildcats_Photo_Album_-_Mossy_Oak_Break-Up_Camo http://images.fanatics.com/lf http://dmimages.ff.p10/chains/1408261.txt false We are unable to customize this item with the text you have entered. Please try a different entry again. Your current entry cannot be processed due to guidelines for past and present player names. Please create a new entry.
The government would use the revenue generated to invest in higher level skills training for workers in the UK. May said that, were the party to be re-elected, it would double the Immigration Skills Charge levied on companies employing migrant workers to £2,000 a year for each non-EU worker by the end of the parliament. she […]
Employers in Britain will have to take more responsibility for enforcing immigration rules after Brexit because the Home Office does not have the manpower to monitor EU migrants as well as those from the rest of the world, experts warn. new immigration system, it has become clear that businesses, universities and landlords will have to […]
Brexit visa for young non-UK EU workers is reportedly being considered by the government. It has also been welcomed by some coffee chain executives. It is an astonishingly complacent idea. Coffee chains are a small part of the UK’s tourist, hotel and restaurant industry, which the British Hospitality Association estimates employs one in 10 workers […]
Employers in Britain will have to take more responsibility for enforcing immigration rules after Brexit because the Home Office does not have the manpower to monitor EU migrants as well as those from the rest of the world, experts warn. Although the government has not yet revealed the details of its new immigration system, it […]
Changes to the immigration rules fulfil the Migration Advisory Committee’s previous recommendations. On March 16, the UK government announced changes to the UK’s immigration rules, implementing the final phase of changes previously recommended by the Migration Advisory Committee in March 2016. The majority of these changes will take effect on April 6, 2017. Overseas Criminal […]
Worried EU nationals have been told not to apply to stay permanently in the UK – after the Home Office was deluged with applications. Officials are instead advising EU citizens who fear for their future after Brexit to “sign up for email news alerts” about what action they may need to take in the future. The […]
Theresa May is under mounting pressure to remove foreign students from the immigration figures after MPs warned that her refusal to do so is damaging Britain’s world class universities. In a report published today, the cross-party Education Select Committee calls for overseas students to be recorded “under a separate classification and not be counted against the […]
The Indian government will consider limiting royalty and technical fees to foreign companies if the country’s services sector is hit by new immigration laws being pushed in the West. Officials said the commerce ministry was preparing a note on possible actions if trading partners took steps to reduce Indian services exports through visa curbs. While […]
The number of Certificates of Sponsorship (CoS) available for March 2017 stands at 2,169, according to UK Visas and Immigration data. The department published its February report citing that its figures were correct as of 23 February, 2017. If you gain enough points this should mean that you will receive a Tier 2 visa CoS and then be able […]
The Tier 2 category of visas, a route used by many Indians and other nationals from outside the EU, will undergo major set of changes under the new rules. Companies in the UK hiring workers from outside the EU, such as Indians, will have to shell out an additional 1,000-pound annual “Immigration Skills Charge”, announced […]

Culverts 6: Deterioration or initial disintegration, minor chloride contamination, cracking with some leaching, or spalls on concrete or masonry walls and slabs. Local minor scouring at curtain walls, wingwalls, or pipes. Metal culverts have a smooth curvature, non-symmetrical shape, significant corrosion or moderate pitting.

KR20140065418A (en) 2011-09-13 2014-05-29 메드로보틱스 코포레이션 Highly articulated probes with anti-twist link arrangement, methods of formation thereof, and methods of performing medical procedures
US5626553A (en) 1995-06-05 1997-05-06 Vision-Sciences, Inc. Endoscope articulation system to reduce effort during articulation of an endoscope
US5792135A (en) 1996-05-20 1998-08-11 Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Articulated surgical instrument for performing minimally invasive surgery with enhanced dexterity and sensitivity
DE69531994T2 (en) 1994-09-15 2004-07-22 OEC Medical Systems, Inc., Boston The position detection system by means of a on a patient's head mounted reference unit for use in the medical field
US6522906B1 (en) * 1998-12-08 2003-02-18 Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Devices and methods for presenting and regulating auxiliary information on an image display of a telesurgical system to assist an operator in performing a surgical procedure
US5667476A (en) 1995-06-05 1997-09-16 Vision-Sciences, Inc. Endoscope articulation system to reduce effort during articulation of an endoscope
US5976122A (en) 1996-05-20 1999-11-02 Integrated Surgical Systems, Inc. Articulated surgical instrument for performing minimally invasive surgery with enhanced dexterity and sensitivity
M.W. Thring, "Robots And Telechirs: Manipulators With Memory; Remote Manipulators; Machine Limbs For the Handicapped", First published in 1983 by Ellis Horwood Limited.
H01R13/713—Structural association with built-in electrical component with built-in switch the switch being a safety switch
H01R13/665—Structural association with built-in electrical component with built-in electronic circuit
H01R13/6683—Structural association with built-in electrical component with built-in electronic circuit with built-in sensor
A smart plug system is disclosed. The smart plug system includes a power plug configured to receive an alternating current power signal from shore power, a power receptacle configured to receive a plug having a plug blade, and a plug detection switch configured to detect receipt of the plug blade in the power receptacle. A rectifier circuit is included to rectify the alternating current power signal received at the power plug when the plug detection switch is actuated by receipt of the plug blade. The plug detection switch is further configured to prevent rectification of the alternating current power signal by the rectifier circuit when the plug blade is removed from the power receptacle. A logic level converter is included to receive the rectified power signal to convert the rectified power signal to a logic level signal.
Various electrical receptacles are available in which a detection switch is incorporated in the receptacle to detect the presence of a properly inserted plug connector. Usually, the receptacle does not receive current unless the detection switch is actuated. Such systems might be used as a simple safety measure. For instance, the detection switch might be used to detect the presence of a ground terminal of a three-pronged plug. If a two pronged plug is inserted into the receptacle, the switch will not be actuated and no current will be supplied to the receptacle unless a proper three-pronged plug is inserted, whereupon the ground terminal actuates the detection switch.
In certain “smart” power receptacles, it may be desirable to prevent supply power from reaching the receptacle unless a power plug is inserted. The detection switch might be actuated by any one of the prongs or blades of the power receptacle, at which point the detection switch is actuated to tell a controller to send power to the receptacle.
In some detection switches, the contacts of the switches are deflected indirectly by a terminal prong or blade through a separator made of an insulating material. This is particularly true in a power receptacle since the detection switch is usually a low voltage switch. The insulator provides electrical isolation between the low voltage circuit and the higher voltage circuit of the power receptacle.
One of the problems with electrical receptacles that embody such detection switches is that the receptacles may be unduly complicated or require excessive mechanical components to ensure that the detection switch provides a detection signal for use by a controller. Such receptacles frequently are not cost effective because of assembly procedures involved in assembling the detection switch within an otherwise simple electrical receptacle.
A smart plug system is disclosed. The smart plug system includes a power plug configured to receive an alternating current power signal from shore power. The smart plug system also includes a power receptacle configured to receive a plug having a plug blade, and a plug detection switch configured to detect receipt of the plug blade in the power receptacle. A rectifier circuit is included in the smart plug system to rectify the alternating current power signal received at the power plug when the plug detection switch is actuated by receipt of the plug blade. The plug detection switch prevents rectification of the alternating current power signal by the rectifier circuit when the plug blade is removed from the power receptacle. A logic level converter is included in the smart plug system, and is configured to receive the rectified power signal to convert the rectified power signal to a logic level signal.
A method for use in a smart power switch is also disclosed. The method includes detecting insertion of a plug blade in a power receptacle of the smart power switch, and rectifying an alternating current power signal received at the power receptacle upon detecting the insertion of the plug blade to generate a rectified power output signal. Generation of the rectified power output signal is prevented when the plug blade is not inserted in the power receptacle. When the plug blade is inserted, the rectified power output signal is converted to a logic level signal.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a smart switch having a plug that may be connected to a receptacle of a power outlet.
FIG. 2 shows one manner in which the plug detectors may be constructed for use in the smart switch of FIG. 1.
FIGS. 7-9 show one manner in which a plug detection switch may be disposed and operate at a neutral fitting of a receptacle.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a smart switch 10 having a plug 20 that may be connected to either receptacle 30 or 35 of a power outlet 40. Each receptacle 30, 35, in turn, may be connected to its own source of AC shore power 50, 60. Each source of AC shore power 50, 60 provides respective line power signals and neutral power signals to respective fittings of receptacles 30, 35. More particularly, AC shore power 50 provides a line power signal (L) at line fitting 70 and a neutral power signal (N) at neutral fitting 80 of receptacle 30. Similarly, AC shore power 60 provides a line power signal (L) at line fitting 90 and a neutral power signal (N) at neutral fitting 100 of receptacle 35.
In the example of FIG. 1, the plug 20 includes a neutral blade 110, a line blade 120, and an optional ground plug 130. The plug 20 may be engaged with either receptacle 30 or receptacle 35 of the power outlet 40. For purposes of the following discussion, it is assumed that the plug 20 engages receptacle 35 of the power outlet 40. To this end, the neutral blade 110 is configured to receive the neutral power signal at neutral fitting 80 of power outlet 40. The line blade 120 is configured to receive the line power at line fitting 70 of power outlet 40.
The smart switch 10 also includes a power outlet 140 configured to provide AC power signals from the smart switch 10 to a device/appliance 150 through plug 152. Plug 152 is configured with a neutral blade 154, a line blade 156, and an optional ground connector 158. In this example, the power outlet 140 includes a first receptacle 160 and a second receptacle 170, either of which can be connected to the device/appliance 150 through plug 152. Here, the first receptacle 160 includes a line fitting 180 configured to receive the line power signal from line blade 120 of plug 20 through a first power relay 190. The first receptacle 160 also includes a neutral fitting 195 configured to receive the neutral power signal from neutral blade 110 of plug 20. Similarly, the second receptacle 170 includes a line fitting 210 configured to receive the line power signal from line blade 120 of plug 20 through a second power relay 220. The second receptacle 170 also includes a neutral fitting 225 configured to receive the neutral power signal from neutral blade 110 of plug 20.
The first receptacle 160 and second receptacle 170 are each associated with a respective plug detection switch. The plug detection switches are configured to detect whether a plug blade is inserted in the respective power receptacle. Here, since there are two power receptacles (although other configurations may include only one, or more than two power receptacles), there are two plug detection switches, each respectively associated with one of the two power receptacles.
In the example of FIG. 1, the plug detection switch 240 of the first receptacle 160 is configured at the neutral fitting 195. The plug detection switch 240 closes in response to receipt of a power plug blade within the neutral fitting 195. Here, the power plug blade is the neutral blade 154 of plug 152, which actuates the plug detection switch 240 when the plug 152 is inserted into the first receptacle 160. When the plug detection switch 240 is closed, the neutral power signal is through-connected from the first receptacle 160 to a first detector output 250 of the plug detection switch 240. The first detector output 250, in turn, is provided to an input of a first plug detector 260. As will be explained in further detail below in connection with one example, the first plug detector 260 may include a rectifier circuit that is configured to rectify the alternating current power signal received at the plug 20 when the plug detection switch 240 is actuated by insertion of the line blade 156. When deactivated, the plug detection switch 240 opens to inhibit rectification of the alternating current power signal when the line blade 156 is removed from the first receptacle 160.
Similarly, a plug detection switch 270 of receptacle and 70 is configured at the neutral fitting 225. The plug detection switch 270 closes in response to receipt of a power plug blade within the neutral fitting 225. Here, the power plug blade is the neutral blade 154 of plug 152, which actuates the plug detection switch 270 when the plug 152 is inserted into second receptacle 170. When the plug detection switch 270 is closed, the neutral power signal is through-connected from the second receptacle 170 to a detector output 280 of plug detection switch 270. The detector output 280, in turn, is provided to an input of a second plug detector 290. Again, as will be explained in further detail below in connection with one example, the second plug detector 290 may include a rectifier circuit that is configured to rectify the alternating current power signal received at the plug 20 when the plug detection switch 270 is actuated by receipt of the line blade 156. When deactivated, the plug detection switch 240 opens to inhibit rectification of the alternating current power signal when the line blade 156 is removed from the second receptacle 170.
As shown, the respective output of each plug detector is provided to a corresponding input of a controller 300. In this example, the output of the first plug detector 260 is provided to the controller 300 at line 310. The output of the second plug detector 290 is provided to the controller 300 at line 320. The signals at lines 310 and 320 are logic level signals indicative of whether a plug is present in the first receptacle 160 and/or the second receptacle 170.
The controller 300 actuates the power relays to either connect or disconnect the line power signal from plug 20 to one or both power receptacles of the power outlet 140. In FIG. 1, controller 300 provides a first relay control signal 330 to the first power relay 190. In response to the first relay control signal 330, the first power relay 190 either through-connects or disconnects the line power signal from plug 20 to the line fitting 180 of the first receptacle 160. Similarly, controller 300 provides a second relay control signal 340 to the second power relay 220. In response to the second relay control signal 340, the second power relay 220 either through-connects or disconnects the line power signal from plug 20 to the line fitting 210 of the second receptacle 170.
Controller 300 may send and receive data used to determine whether or not power is to be applied to one or both of the first receptacle 160 and second receptacle 170 through their respective power relays 190 and 220. To this end, the smart switch 10 may include a local communication interface 350 through which it may receive control criterion directly through a user interface disposed on the smart switch 10 (not shown) or from an external communication interface 360. The external communication interface 360 and local communication interface 350 may communicate with one another using a wired and/or wireless network protocol. For example, the local communication interface 350 may be connected to a wireless network and/or wired network that is also accessible to the external communication interface 360. In such instances, the external communication interface 360 may be in the form of a keypad (mechanical and/or touch screen) and/or intelligent device (i.e., a smart phone, tablet, laptop, etc.). Programming may be provided to allow an intelligent device to communicate with the controller 300 over the Internet.
Local communication interface 350 may also provide data to the external communication interface 360 indicating the state of one or both the first power relay 190 and second power relay 220. The local communication interface 350 may also provide data indicative of whether a plug is inserted into one or both the first receptacle 160 and second receptacle 170. This data may be used to determine whether the line power signal is to be provided from the plug 20 to the first receptacle 160 and/or second receptacle 170 through the respective power relays 190 and 220.
FIG. 2 shows one manner in which the first plug detector 260 and second plug detector 290 may be constructed for use in the smart switch 10 of FIG. 1. In this example, first plug detector 260 includes a first rectifier 370 having a first input configured to receive the first detector output 250 from plug detection switch 240, and a second input configured to receive the line power signal from line blade 120 of plug 20. When plug detection switch 240 is actuated by insertion of a blade into neutral fitting 195, the neutral power signal is through-connected to the first detector output 250 to provide a closed circuit path within the first rectifier 370 to generate a rectified version of the power signals received by the first rectifier 370 from plug 20. The rectified power signal 380 is provided at the first rectifier output to an input of a first logic level converter 390. The first logic level converter 390 is configured to receive the rectified power signal 380 to convert the rectified power signal 380 to a logic level signal, which has voltage level properties that can be used as logic signals by controller 300. When the plug detection switch 240 is deactivated by removal of the plug from the neutral fitting 195, the neutral power signal is disconnected from the first rectifier 370. This results in an open circuit condition within the first rectifier 370, which prevents rectification of the power signals within the first rectifier 370.
Similarly, the second plug detector 290 includes a second rectifier 400 having a first input configured to receive the detector output 280 from plug detection switch 270, and a second input configured to receive the line power signal from line blade 120 of plug 20. When plug detection switch 270 is actuated by insertion of a blade into neutral fitting 225, the neutral power signal is through-connected to the detector output 280 to provide a closed circuit path within the second rectifier 400 to generate a rectified version of the power signals received by the second rectifier 400 from plug 20. The rectified power signal 410 is provided at the second rectifier output to an input of a second logic level converter 420. The second logic level converter 420 is configured to receive the rectified power signal 410 to convert the rectified power signal 410 to a logic level signal, which has voltage level properties that can be used as logic signals by controller 300. When the plug detection switch 270 is deactivated by removal of the blade from the neutral fitting 225, the neutral power signal is disconnected from the second rectifier 400. This results in an open circuit condition within the second rectifier 400, which prevents rectification of the power signals within the second rectifier 400.
FIGS. 3-5 illustrate waveforms occurring at various nodes in the exemplary plug detection embodiment shown in FIG. 2. For purposes of simplicity, only the waveforms associated with the first plug detector 260 are shown.
FIG. 3 shows the AC power signal 430 occurring between the neutral blade 110 and line blade 120 of plug 20. When the plug detection switch 240 is actuated by insertion of a blade into neutral fitting 195, the line power signal and the neutral power signal are provided to the input of the first rectifier 370. Here, it is assumed that the first rectifier 370 is a half-wave rectifier, which generates a half-wave rectified power signal as the rectified power signal 380. The waveform of the rectified power signal 380 is shown in FIG. 4. As shown, the rectified power signal 380 corresponds to a rectified version of the waveform shown in FIG. 3.
The rectified power signal 380 is provided to the input of the first logic level converter 390. The first logic level converter 390 is configured to convert the rectified power signal 380 to a logic level signal at line 310. As shown in FIG. 5, the logic level signal generated by the first logic level converter 390 may be in the form of logic level pulses 440. The logic level pulses 440 may correspond to standard TTL logic level signals, or any other logic levels that may be used at controller 300.
The logic level pulses 440 are provided to the controller 300. In one example, the logic level pulses 440 may be provided to an input pin of the controller 300. The controller 300 may execute a polling operation at the input pin to determine the state of the signal at line 310. The polling operation should be executed at a frequency that is high enough to ensure detection of the active portions of the logic level pulses 440 when the logic level pulses 440 are present. If executed in this manner, the controller 300 will detect the logic level pulses 440 when a blade is inserted in neutral fitting 195, and will not detect the logic level pulses 440 when the blade is not inserted in neutral fitting 195.
Additionally, or in the alternative, the logic level pulses 440 may be used to trigger an interrupt signal of controller 300. In one example, the interrupt is only generated when the logic level pulses were 440 are present. The corresponding interrupt routine may then set/determine the insertion status of a blade at neutral fitting 195 for use in further processing. If the interrupt is not triggered within a predetermined time window, the controller 300 may determine or set that the blade is not present.
Although FIGS. 3-5 show waveforms associated with half-wave rectification of the AC power signal, the first rectifier 370 and a second rectifier 400 may be constructed is full-wave rectifiers. In such instances, the rectified power signal 380 is at a first generally constant signal state (i.e., high voltage level) when a blade is inserted into neutral fitting 195, and at a second generally constant signal state (i.e., zero voltage level and/or high impedance state) when a blade is not present in neutral fitting 195. Similarly, in such instances, the logic level signal at line 310 is at a “true” logic level when the rectified power signal 380 is at the first generally constant signal state, and at a “false” logic level when the rectified power signal 380 is at the second generally constant signal state.
FIG. 6 shows one example of a plug detector employing a half-wave rectifier. For purposes of simplicity, only the first plug detector 260 is described. However, the second plug detector 290 may be similarly constructed.
In FIG. 6, the first plug detector 260 includes a diode 450 having an anode terminal configured to receive the first detector output 250 and a cathode terminal configured to receive the line power signal through resistor 460. The cathode terminal of diode 450 is further connected to the anode terminal of a photodiode 470 of an optical coupler 480 through resistor 490. Optical emissions from photodiode 470 are sensed by a photodetector 500 that is connected to logic level voltage Vcc through resistor 510 to generate pulsed logic level signals at line 320 to controller 300.
FIGS. 7-8 show one manner in which a plug detection switch may be disposed and operated at a neutral fitting of a receptacle. Here, only the first receptacle 160 is described. However the second receptacle 170 may be similarly fitted with a plug detection switch.
As shown, the first receptacle 160 includes a neutral fitting slot 520 in which the neutral fitting 195 is disposed. The neutral fitting 195 is configured to receive the neutral power signal from the neutral blade 110 of plug 20 along one or more traces of a printed circuit board 530.
The plug detection switch 240 may be formed as an integral piece of conductive material (e.g., copper). In this example, the plug detection switch 240 includes an elongated portion 540 extending from the printed circuit board 530. The elongated portion 540 extends from the printed circuit board 530 proximate to an exterior wall 545 of the first receptacle 160, and terminates at a transverse portion 550. The transverse portion 550 extends from the elongated portion 540 across the opening of the neutral fitting slot 520. A tab 560 continues from the transverse portion 550 and proceeds to a position in which it is generally adjacent an exterior wall 570 of the receptacle 160.
The plug detection switch 240 may be held at the position shown in FIGS. 7-9 in a number of different manners. In one example, the elongated portion 540 and tab 560 are spaced from one another so that the plug detection switch 240 may securely engage the exterior walls 545 and 570 of the receptacle 160, while the elongated portion 540 is secured to the printed circuit board 530. This allows for press fitting of the plug detection switch 240 in its desired position. Additionally, or in the alternative, an adhesive may be used between one or more exterior surfaces of the receptacle 160 and one or more interior surfaces of the plug detection switch 240. Further securement techniques may also be used (e.g., mechanical fasteners, thermal fitting, etc.).
One manner in which the plug detection switch 240 may operate is shown in the combination of FIGS. 7-9. In FIG. 7, the neutral blade 154 of plug 152 is completely disengaged from physical contact with the neutral fitting 195 of receptacle 160. In this state, the plug detection switch 240 is not active since it does not provide a conductive path between the neutral blade 154 and neutral fitting 195.
In FIG. 8, the neutral blade 154 of plug 152 is only partially inserted in the neutral fitting slot 520. In this state, the neutral blade 154 electrically contacts transverse portion 550 but does not contact the neutral fitting 195. This engagement provides an electrically conductive path between the neutral blade 154 and the plug detection switch 240. However, the plug detection switch 240 is still not active since the neutral blade 154 does not provide in electrically conductive path between the plug detection switch 240 and the neutral fitting 195.
In FIG. 9, the neutral blade 154 is completely inserted into the neutral fitting slot 520 so that it is in electrical contact with the neutral fitting 195. In this position, the neutral blade 154 provides an electrically conductive path between the neutral fitting 195 and plug detection switch 240. This effectively actuates the plug detection switch 240 to provide the neutral power signal at neutral fitting 195 to the input of the first plug detector 260.
FIG. 10 illustrates one manner in which the plug detection switch 240 of FIGS. 7-9 may be constructed. In this example, the elongated portion 540 includes a first end having a conductive tab 575 configured for connection to the printed circuit board 530. A second end of the elongated portion 540 includes an elbow forming a transition section 580 between the elongated portion 540 and transverse portion 550. The transition section 580 is split so that the transverse portion 550 is formed as separate transverse arms 590, 600 that are generally parallel with one another. The spacing between the separate transverse arms 590, 600 is selected to allow insertion of the neutral blade 154 while concurrently facilitating engagement between one or both of the separate transverse arms 590, 600 and the neutral fitting 195.
It will be appreciated that the foregoing disclosure provides examples of at least one system and technique. However, it is contemplated that other implementations of the system may differ in detail from the foregoing examples. All references in the disclosure are intended to reference particular examples and are not intended to imply any limitation as to the general scope of the disclosure.
a rectifier circuit configured to rectify the alternating current power signal received at the power plug when the plug detection switch is actuated by receipt of the plug blade, wherein the plug detection switch prevents rectification of the alternating current power signal by the rectifier circuit when the plug blade is removed from the power receptacle; and
a logic level converter configured to receive the rectified power signal to convert the rectified power signal to a logic level signal.
3. The smart plug of claim 2, wherein the logic level converter is configured to provides a first constant logic level signal in response to receipt of the rectified alternating current power signal, and to provide a second constant logic level signal absent receipt of the rectified alternating current power signal.
5. The smart plug of claim 4, wherein the logic level converter is configured to provides a pulsed logic level signal in response to receipt of the rectified alternating current power signal.
8. The smart plug of claim 1, further comprising a processor configured to receive the logic level signal from the logic level converter.
9. The smart plug of claim 8, wherein the processor is configured to poll the logic level signal to detect receipt of a plug blade in the power receptacle.
a plug detection switch configured at a neutral fitting of the power receptacle, wherein the plug detection switch closes in response to receipt of a power plug blade within the neutral fitting, wherein receipt of the power plug blade within the neutral fitting through-connects the neutral power signal from the power receptacle to a detector output of the plug detection switch;
a rectifier circuit configured to receive the line power signal and the detector output, wherein the rectifier circuit is configured to provide a rectified output signal corresponding to the line power signal when the neutral power signal is received from the detector output; and
13. The smart plug of claim 12, wherein the logic level converter is configured to provide a pulsed logic level signal in response to receipt of the rectified alternating current power signal.
16. The smart plug of claim 11, further comprising a processor configured to receive the logic level signal from the logic level converter.
17. The smart plug of claim 16, wherein the processor is configured to poll the logic level signal to detect receipt of the plug blade in the power receptacle.
rectifying an alternating current power signal received at the power receptacle upon detecting the insertion of the plug blade to generate a rectified power output signal;
US5814947A (en) * 1992-02-26 1998-09-29 Seg Corporation Multi-segmented electroluminescent lamp with lamp segments that are turned on at or near an AC zero crossing
US7908414B2 (en) 2006-04-25 2011-03-15 Lexmark International, Inc. Detecting by USB client device a connection to host USB device wherein power is not supply from host USB device to USB client device
US7964989B1 (en) 2011-06-21 Method and system for controlling power to an electrically powered device
WO2009081407A2 (en) 2009-07-02 Reducing power consumption in a network by detecting electrical signatures of appliances
US20130264889A1 (en) 2013-10-10 Method and system for identifying at least one electrically powered device by a power supply device via a powerline connection
Authored by Dr Roger Henderson, Reviewed by Prof Cathy Jackson on 24 November 2014 | Certified by The Information Standard
It is said that over 80% of diagnoses are made on history alone, a further 5-10% on examination and the remainder on investigation.[1] Whether this adage is true or not may be open to debate but it is clear that history and examination skills remain at the very core of clinical practice. This record will aim to provide you with some helpful tips; your patients will teach you the rest.
As this has the potential to be a very broad topic, see also the following separate articles: Consultation Analysis, Clinical Negligence, Records, Computers and Electronic Health Record and Telephone Consultations
Most articles on clinical topics will include the relevant aspects of history and examination for that subject.
Glance through the records before seeing the patient. Patients expect you to know their past medical history, even if it is the first time that they have consulted with you, because they know that you have the records. It is certainly worth noting the last consultation and the major problems as displayed on the screen.
Think about your timing. Hospital consultants may allow up to an hour for new patient consultations, whereas general practice generally allocates a total of 10 minutes for history, examination and explanation (you are doing very well if you manage to fit in some health promotion). Secondary care also benefits from a referral letter, whereas you have a 'virgin' patient from whom you have to extract a clear and concise story in a brief duration. So it is important to be efficient and focused. It is permissible to take a little over 10 minutes but if a consultation is taking much longer than this, it may be preferable to ask the patient to return, perhaps with a longer appointment.
Remember that these are non-verbal as well as verbal.[3]Your manner, your physical position with regards to the patient's (this may not be within your control), and your body language all contribute to the outcome of the consultation. Be relaxed and smile to radiate confidence. If they have had to wait a long time, a comment addressing this with an apology at the outset is often appreciated; it will give you a much better start and shows respect for their individuality.
Avoid writing whilst the patient is talking to you; if they are saying a lot of relevant things - or there is importance in the temporal order of the narrative - and you need to jot them down, mention it to the patient so that they understand that you are still listening to them - "I'll just make a note of your symptoms as you go along so that I get the order right."
Patients vary greatly in how they present.[4]Many will be anxious. This may manifest itself in a number of ways:
The apparently over-confident patient who addresses (or adds to) their anxiety by turning up with an armful of internet printouts, concerned that they have been fatally afflicted by Von Noodles' disease.
The angry patient whose wait for the appointment or in the waiting room has given them time to mull over the worst.
We are encouraged to ask open questions and avoid leading questions. This may pose a challenge in the time-pressed clinic when confronted with a chatty patient who finds it difficult to give a clear history - in these cases, gentle steering phrases may be helpful:
Note that the first addresses the patient's concern, whereas the second addresses yours. The two may not be the same but each is important. If their greatest concern is not worrying you, jot it down and make sure you address it at the end of the consultation (even if it is just to reassure them). It is worth noting that research has shown that when allowed to complete their opening statement uninterrupted, most people do so in less than 60 seconds.[1]
In a patient-led interview, staying focused can be a challenge. Time will force you to do this. Ask yourself, "Why did this patient come?" There may be hidden anxiety such as a concern about cancer that needs to be explored and addressed. Patients sometimes open the consultation with, "I hope I'm not wasting your time." This may mean, "I hope I am wasting your time and this is not serious but I am worried." If the patient enters anxious and leaves reassured, the doctor's time was not wasted.
Sometimes, but less often nowadays, a patient may present with what they regard as an acceptable opening gambit such as a cold, although the doctor may think otherwise; whereas, really the patient wants to discuss erectile dysfunction or fear of cancer. This is usually introduced with, "While I'm here doctor."
The consultation is an opportunity to explore the patient's needs and expectations and to educate - all this inside 8½ minutes (1 minute for patient changeover, 30 seconds for hand-washing). Deciding what can safely be omitted for each patient as the consultation is truncated from an hour to 10 minutes and what must be included is a matter at great art and skill. Such matters as the patient's real agenda and health promotion within the consultation are discussed in the separate Consultation Analysis article.
Certain presentations are so common that the doctor should have a protocol to follow for such consultations. This includes presentations of chest pain, breathlessness, dysuria, vaginal discharge and abdominal pain. It is focused and efficient. There are standard questions for rheumatology conditions or wheezing in children or diagnosing asthma in adults. Think about the diagnosis from the outset and, once the patient has had a chance to lay out the main problems, ask directed questions to tease out the likely diagnoses.[2]
In recent years, nurses have shown themselves able to provide a great range of safe care by following protocols. Doctors sometimes deride protocols as 'painting by numbers'. Much of clinical work is following protocols, even if subconsciously. Protocols are a swift, efficient and effective way to cover the ground with risk management in that they reduce the chance of forgetting or overlooking something important. Doctors need to embrace protocols and to engage in their formulation and implementation.
Patients assume that the doctor has their medical records and is fully conversant with their past medical history. Although major events should be displayed on the screen, some may be incomplete and it is worth checking both for completeness and to assure the patient of one's thoroughness. The habitual loss of medical records means that most records are of remarkably short duration. As mentioned above, unless you are familiar with the patient, it is worth looking at past history and recent consultations before the patient enters.
Note current medication - this is important not only as a indication of what they are on but also a reminder of other existing conditions they might have but have forgotten to mention. Drugs may contribute to the current problem or influence choice of medication for it. The constipated patient may be taking co-codamol. The computer will record if medication is overused or underused and the date of last issue. Enquire about over-the-counter (OTC) remedies and possible herbal or other treatments. The latter are just as likely as prescription-only medicines (POMs) to have toxic effects or drug interactions, perhaps more so as they have not been so thoroughly tested.
Patients also assume that their family doctor is aware of their family history. Many conditions do have a genetic component, including coronary heart disease, diabetes, atopic eczema, autoimmune disease, glaucoma and some cancers. So if you are reviewing a patient with one of these diagnoses, it may be worth noting the genetic component to them so that family members can be assessed.
Similarly, patients assume that their doctor knows their social situation. It may be relevant, such as the middle-aged spinster caring for disabled and demanding parents, the single mother with a handicapped child, or the child with asthma who lives in a smoky, damp and overcrowded environment. Occupation may be very relevant to the aetiology of the disease and its management. It also indicates the person's level of education and hence ability to comprehend certain issues.
"Just remember one thing. Whether the patient is a patient in real life, or a patient in an exam, they are a human being. A person. At some point, they'll be you."[5]
There is no real dividing line between history and examination. During the course of the history, you will gather a wealth of information on the patient's education and social background, and to a lesser extent, there will be physical signs to pick up. Examination needs to be as focused as history. Try to learn and apply good technique. Quite simply, good technique is more likely to give a correct result than poor technique. The yield from examining systems that are not obviously relevant is too low to justify in such limited time.
The first part of any examination is to observe. Learn to observe. Look before you lay on hands. Examination of the cardiovascular or respiratory system does not start with the stethoscope. You may get valuable information from the facies, skin colouration, gait, handshake and personal hygiene (reflective of physical, psychological and social background). Note the red eye, the freckles on the lips of Peutz-Jeghers syndrome or the white forelock of Waardenberg's syndrome. A number of endocrine disorders may be immediately apparent.
The doctor should have a protocol for each system. Many forms of examination have their own article covering appropriate topics listed below. All general practitioners should have competence in:
Competence at orthopaedic examination, which should include back examination, neurological examination of the lower limbs for knee and hip history and examination purposes, shoulder examination, and assessment of ankle injuries.
In the 1980s, handing over a prescription indicated the end of the consultation. It is now recognised that educating the patient in their condition and involving them in management decisions is likely to both improve patient satisfaction and clinical outcomes.
To satisfy the priorities and local protocols of the hospital doctor to whom you may refer the patient.
Clearly, investigations should be justified in terms of costs and of potential risks they may pose for the patient. One of these risks is actually increasing patient anxiety (a well-established risk) - particularly in the event of an ambiguous or false positive result. It is better to establish what exactly a patient's fears are rather than going on to perform more tests or referring where there may not be the need.
Note the health template on the screen. It should be complete and reasonably contemporary. Just mentioning smoking, alcohol consumption or BMI will remind the patient and make them think about the issue. Linking specific lifestyle advice to the current illness is far more effective so pick your issue.[6] However, be careful not to swamp the patient's agenda with your own. Health promotion may also affect your practice's performance under the Quality and Outcomes Framework.
Management is more than just a prescription. It includes health education and advice. This is not simply a move away from paternalism but aids compliance and may reduce unnecessary attendance. Twin-tray laser printers enable printed patient information leaflets to be given to the patient to take away.
When considering what to include and leave out when writing your records, ask yourself three things:
Will the next doctor who sees this patient follow my train of thought and understand my management plan?
In the 1950s, history, examination and medication seldom exceeded one line of Lloyd George records. Be concise but do not skimp. Record thoughts such as "could be psychosomatic" or "may need endoscopy" and plans such as "if not better soon, refer". The notes may be a useful tool for you later and if the patient is seen for the same event by another doctor, they need to be able to understand what your thinking was and what management plan you had in mind. Ideally each patient contact should contain a mini management plan. The notes may also be subject to scrutiny in the case of complaint or litigation. The quality of notes can be fundamental to the defensibility of a case. Use abbreviations, but only those that other doctors would readily recognise.
Never record derogatory statements that would cause embarrassment if the patient were to read them or they were to be read out in a formal situation but do not avoid factual statements such as "smells of urine". Patients now have right of access to their notes.
Poor keyboard skills may tempt some to be more brief in the increasingly uncommon situation of moving from paper to electronic records. Avoid the temptation. Typing errors are easily corrected but even if missed they are more comprehensible than neat doctor's handwriting, and not all doctors have neat writing.
Not everybody can reliably give an historical account of their problem.[4]It is not enough to simply write 'difficult historian' (is this a withdrawn elderly lady or a drunken axeman?). State why and, depending on the problem, it may be useful, for example, to put in a comment of the patient's mental state via a mini mental state examination. Almost every patient can make some some sort of comment on their well-being, and asking a few very general questions ("Does it hurt anywhere?") can provide some useful pointers. Where possible, obtain the history from relatives, carers or friends. Where you suspect that there is a mental health problem, try to corroborate the information you are obtaining. If the patient is violent or intoxicated, describe the situation you are in and document verbatim what is said. Try to remain calm under fire. Make sure that the patient is not seriously ill before calling security or the police.
Children vary widely in their ability to communicate: the neonate's subtle signals may only be perceived by its mother, whereas the teenager communicates as an adult. The child's account should not be assumed to have any less credence than the adult's.[8] From about 3 years of age, the child is capable of quite complex thought structures.[6] Ask how the child prefers to be addressed and introduce yourself. Eye contact is reassuring for older children but not for younger ones. Have toys handy for the child ± siblings and note, throughout the consultation, how the child interacts with the family. Make sure you know what prompted the referral and what the parent or carer fears or thinks is the matter. Address this.[9]
Generally, relatives are there to help and support the patient. Obvious cases are parents of young children or children of elderly parents. They are helpful sources of additional information. However, beware that their agenda may be different from the patient's one. For example, family denial or collusion is a problem that may be encountered in general practice.[6] The family's difficulty in dealing with a person's distress at the news of advanced cancer, or their desire to protect them from the news, may be subconsciously masked in statements such as "Don't tell him, doc - it would kill him". This may serve to isolate the patient further who may be fully aware of the condition and unable to share this burden with the family who don't want him to know. The family's interpretation of events may not always be the same as the patient's in some situations where perhaps social events interplay with illness (as with mental health problems, for example).
They do not feel that they have been taken seriously (or they have not received the treatment they felt entitled to).
It is important to recognise the anger, both in the patient and in yourself.[10]Do not leave it unexplored. Recognising when the consultation is dysfunctional and addressing this with the patient can provide insight, and may save time in the long run. Try questions such as "Can you explain in your own words what is upsetting you?", or "Can we start from the beginning again?" then listen attentively (particularly to any grievances) and negotiate subsequent actions/plan with the patient. Maintain non-threatening eye contact, breaking this off intermittently when you speak. Deal with the main issue first, summarise the remaining points and then deal with each. Acknowledge honestly any faults (self, system) and work on how to resolve the issues. Often, just airing the problems will have done a lot to diffuse the situation.
These are difficult to deal with, especially within a short time frame.[11]They may arise, for example, if the patient you are seeing clearly has symptoms and signs relating to chronic liver disease: you will need to ask questions relating to risk factors ('She thinks I'm an alcoholic'). If an elderly, bereaved man has lost weight, you may have to explore the possibility of depression and want to refer to psychiatrists ('He thinks I'm mad'). There is no textbook way of dealing with these and, over time, you may develop your own set phrases. If you are lucky enough to know in advance what you are going to have to say, plan it. Establish a rapport, cover all other aspects first and then deal with the issue gently but explicitly.
This is not easy to do, as it is distressing to us to cause distress in somebody else. First of all, allow time and make sure (to the best of your ability) that you can be in a private place where you will not be interrupted. You will have to gauge from the patient quite what they are prepared to hear; as a rule of thumb, honesty is the best policy. Make sure that when you are explaining the problem, you frequently check the patient's understanding (see below). You will develop your own style but here are some tips. Avoid:
Always take care when talking about a prognosis and never give a specific time period. Follow-up after breaking bad news is particularly important. See also separate article Breaking Bad News.
Difficulties may emerge as a patient repeatedly presents with ongoing physical symptoms for which no cause can be found. Whilst some of these may be the harbingers of something sinister, common things are common and there may be an element of normal problems of daily living being turned into symptoms by an anxious patient. There is a risk of medicalising the patient in an attempt to answer their question, "What are you going to do about my [symptom], doc?" These patients may get dissatisfied with their own doctor and present to others. At some point the system cracks under the pressure of their demands and a test leads to a procedure which leads to a complication and a fresh round of presentations. Whilst following well-established paradigms of managing these patients (eg, be on your guard against manipulative behaviour, avoid referral or multiple doctor input, keep good records, communicate with colleagues), be aware of the new emergence of an actual disease entity and also of the underlying message ('I am depressed following my divorce and miss the attention I used to get'). See separate article Somatic Symptom Disorder.
I am patient of muscular dystrophy primary myopathy from 16 years.my muscles are weak day by day .i am worried plz help me for this .i have a tricostomy on my neck..is there any medicine for this...

All items are MADE TO ORDER. Please allow approx 7-10 days for items to ship after placing your order. If you need it sooner, please contact me prior to purchase and we may be able to work something out!
Ginger, Sienna, Walnut, Chocolate leathers are quality oil tanned leather. The leather is unfinished (does not have a shiny protective coating) and there may be minor imperfections which only confirm the authenticity of the leather.
Slate Grey and Brick Rose are also unfinished leathers that can mark up, but as with the oil tanned, the leather develops and changes daily by absorbing oils and daily contact with your skin.
Black, Spruce, Indigo, Natural, Navy and the brighter colors are smoother, finished leathers (no distress)
***Please note that I have tried to correctly display the color of the bag, if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me! I can provide you with a swatch if you are on the fence about the color***
22" zippered opening - 2 top zippers w/ metal teeth (the color of the zipper tape by be a contrasting color; if you prefer a particular color, please message me first and I'll see what we can work out)
ALL ITEMS ARE MADE TO ORDER. Please allow approx 10-12 days for item to ship after payment is made. If you need it sooner, please message me prior to buying and we can work something out.
-Merlot and Carbon are a smooth grain, is hot stuffed with oils and waxes to accomplish a clear see-through finish and wonderful pull up.

Violence = Leading cause of death in this country = illegal = fine and dandy. Pg-13, R if it's really bad.
Sex = leading cause of life in this country = natural and perfectly legal biological process = OMG TEH NOES XXX!11!!! ---Someone at some forum, I forget
"If you have made mistakes. . . there is always another chance for you. . . You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call 'failure' is not the falling down but the staying down." -- Mary Pickford
I think what he meant was that bad stuff can also be entertaining. Like uh, watching any movie with Halle Berry in it. The movie sucks ass, but god damn!
I am looking for another Loveless cosplayer (preferably Soubi Agatsuma) to partner for an ATP photoshoot with me- it is not an official gathering, just a cosplay photoshoot with https://www.facebook.com/ATPPhoto/ I will be cosplaying Ritsuka.
Hi! I'm cosplaying as Ritsuka from Loveless for a photoshoot at Fanime. However, I'm hoping that there might be someone who cosplays as another Loveless character (i.e. Soubi if possible) that would be interested in also participating. The photographer will be ATP. Thanks!
Anyways, I'm planning on doing the "5 Minute Cosplay Challenge" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8RaWOVmxG0) and looking for suggestions on what/who to do!
However, I was wondering if any water-type pokemon cosplayers were interested in gathering at the pool/a pool/some body of water, to do some kinda photoshoot?
It's waistband is very elastic and stretchy, and length reaches around 14-16in, and puffy enough to puff up heavy cotton ^^b
Hi everyone! I'm Resa and this year my group is joining the Jpop Summit dance contest, but we need a little help by tomorrow!
Hiya! I was wondering if anyone took videos or photos of the Stage Zero Fanimaid!Live performances, especially the Sunday ones? Thanks so much if you share~! <3
I'm thinking 5pm is a good time outside near the stair rails in case anyone wants to wear rollerblades (rollerblades are not allowed inside the con this year.
I've tried every communication method (everyone's emails, social media, etc) to try to contact the cosplay masquerade heads to no avail.
I am part of masquerade staff and was wondering what our shifts were for the weekend, since it is basically this weekend.
I apologize if this post seems rash or is posted in the wrong place, but I was wondering if any other staff or ideally masquerade staff would be able to help me in this situation.
So I haven't found or received any replies about an Air Gear gathering for 2014 yet, so I decided to make this thread in hopes that people are interested in organizing one.
Fanime will be taking group pictures during the Gathering/Event this year. If you do not want to be included in those pictures please step aside for those photos. By remaining with the group when the pictures are being taken you give your consent to be photographed.
Feel free to add more details as needed. (Also, if anyone wants to step up as the organizer, please let me know as well!)
Note: I feel like a lot of people will be wearing rollerblades as well, so perhaps something should be mentioned about safety
Anyways, correct me if this post is done wrong or if a new Air Gear 2014 gathering thread is created. Thanks and I hope people join!
I was wondering if there were any people who happen to be graduating from SFSU and will be commuting to and from San Jose-San Francisco within Saturday?
I'm new to this and I was wondering whether or not its possible to staff for 2 departments? I have not had any replies from any department yet and its April now.
On the other hand, I was accepted into a volunteer position that doesn't fill enough hours to reimburse my entire badge, so I was wondering is it possible to both volunteer for 1 department and staff for another department to make up the missing hours?
Lastly, I was wondering if I have a volunteer spot that doesn't fill all hours, would part of my badge be reimbursed or-???
I'm not sure if this is posted in the right place, but I was wondering where do we find out about the guests of honors and autograph sessions? And I'm not sure how they've been selected/invited/booked in the past, but whether or not it's possible to request to invite/book guests of honors? (i.e. mangakas, music artists, directors/producers, etc.)
I was wondering if there will be Air Gear, D.Gray-man, Hetalia, CLAMP, gatherings on either Friday/Sunday/or Monday this year?
Ok you get the point. Anyways, I'm wondering if there are anyone people who will be in the Bay Area (California, esp San Francisco) for the next 2 months who are interested in forming a group to cover "Before the Dawn" by Infinite www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgTj5Gu5AhI ?
Feel free to contact me here or by my email airanimechiic@gmail.com I'm aiming to have all 7 member and right now I have about 4, so I hope to hear from as many of you as possible!
I know there were also lots of interesting moments to record and random dance breaks (mini flash mobs) so this is the thread for us to ask each other if there's a video of us out there.
For me personally, i'm looking for any (better) videos of skit #28 at the masquerade (2 girls in black/white outfits dancing to a kpop song) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HuZ-psChN8 . thats the only recording, but its quite blocked. Also, I know there were video cameras when we danced to "Oh" in the karaoke room, so if anyone has that, that'd be cool too!
I was wondering if there were any records of the videos shown on the big screen during the masquerade and if performers can watch them again? I was in skit #28 (the miss a goodbye baby cover) and we'd like to see how we did.
other than that, if there was anyone in the audience who managed to record us, I guess we'd be interested in watching it!
Hi everyone! So it looks like this will be the official D.Gray-man gathering thread. Last year was kind of good even though the thread's list was short, so let's hope this year's turn out is even better :3

Library records and their utilization are described and the various types of file organization available are examined. The serial file with a series of inverted indexes is preferred to the simple serial file or a threaded list file. It is shown how various records should be stored, according to their utilization, in the available storage devices in order to achieve optimum cost-performance.

College/School of Theology English (SBC-SOTE) in 1992. Since then, she also has served as lecturer on topics related to pastoral theology and missions. Dr. Tan took on the additional role of SBC-SOTE Director of Alumni & Church Relations in 2004. She has taught at Northwest Baptist Theological Seminary in Canada and ministered in many Asian cities, serving fulltime as Navigators Women’s Representative for three decades. Dr. Tan has written eight devotional booklets; her recent publications include Pathways: The Road to Mentoring and Missions Matrix: Navigating 21st Century Missiological Issues. Her home is in Singapore.

He had a dream that came true but was assassinated before he could see what he and others in the movement accomplished. Yes We Can and Yes We Did! | Source
I was born in Alabama and The Civil Rights Movement occurred in my era but I wasn't there to experience or participate what was happening, I was in Ohio with my dad. In Ohio, I can recall riots and feeling some of the pangs of the movement when a Black person was murdered.
My mother explained to me when she thought I was old enough to understand what the movement was all about. This is not ancient history but it is something that I wanted to write about. Black people suffered, endured torture and sometimes it was to the death. This is a NEED to know, it needs to be kept alive so that not one Black person will be in the dark about how the Black population had No RIGHTS or EQUALITY until the Civil Rights Movement..
Young Black children and those who are adults now, who did not grow up before or during the Civil Rights Movement, need to know that Black Americans didn't have freedom to do nothing until the pioneers laid the foundation and their lives down to have freedom for all..
Activist, Rosa Louise McCauley Parks was an American civil rights activist, whom the United States Congress called "the first lady of civil rights" and "the mother of the freedom movement". Her birthday, February 4, and the day she was arrested, Dece | Source
It was about a Black American woman who refused to stand up and move to the back of a bus in order for a white man to sit down. The bus driver called the police and Rosa Parks was arrested. The Montgomery Bus Boycott began and lasted 382 days.
Discover more on Black History with timelines, trivia, famous African American biographies, and more as Biography.com celebrates Black History Month
Fred Gray Fred David Gray is a civil rights attorney, preacher and activist who practices law in Alabama and handled the Civil Rights Movement cases. He represented Rosa Parks and Dr. King, including many others. | Source
Bus Ride to Justice (Revised Edition): Changing the System by the System, the Life and Works of Fred Gray
What was The Civil Rights Movement about? It was about a Black American woman who refused to stand up and move to the back of a bus in order for a white man to sit down. The bus driver called the police and Rosa Parks was arrested. The Montgomery Bus Boycott began and lasted 382 days. No African American would ride a public transportation bus, they would walk or use a cab.
The time line of of The Civil Rights Movement was 1955 to 1965. Many accomplishments took place during this time. Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964, The Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the 14th Amendment signed by President Lydon B. Johnson.
Martin Luther King, Jr. was all about The Civil Rights Movement and with his leadership, a peaceful end would come to racial discrimination, an end to segregation. King believed that all men are created equal, no matter the race, color or nationality. African Americans should have the same rights as anyone else. The Civil Rights Movement would put an end to inhumane and unequal treatment for all African Americans.
Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated on Mya Angelou's birthday, April 4, 1968. The were great friends, shared many of the same values. Maya stopped celebrating her birthday for many years but she would send flowers to Coretta Scott King, Martin's widow every year until she died in 2006.
I love the Civil Rights Movement and now you can learn about it. Dr. King headed up the movement and others that wanted the same equality and freedom joined in his mission. I feel love in my heart for all those who upheld the movement and lost their lives trying to create a better place. I am from Alabama but I didn't witness any of the movement but I wish that I could have. My mother talked of it all the time and that's why I decided to learn about the movement and later on after coming here, I decided to write about it. It's not ancient but it is connected to my era.
Black History Month went through several name changes before it reached its destination. The roles that African Americans played through out history were ignored. Dr. Carter G. Woodson founded the publication "The Journal of Negro History," the aim was to educate and preserve the African American heritage.
Negro History and Literature Week was founded by Omega Psi Phi in 1920. Six years later, Woodson changed the name to Negro History Week. With due thought, he began to think of a month to give honor to those who paved the way, some giving up their lives.
February was his choice, he could give honor to the two men who changed history for the future of African Americans. President Abraham Lincoln, responsible for the Emancipation Proclamation; freeing all slaves, born February 12th. Fredrick Douglass, an abolitionist, born February 14th. At the same time pay tribute to the pioneers who paved the way.
After his death in 1950, Woodson's legacy lived on. Negro History Week was changed to Black History Week. In 1976, it changed to Black History Month, just as Woodson wanted and is celebrated through out the nation.
Carter Woodson worked so diligently to change the name and date of Negro History Week to Black History Month but it was a slow process. The change finally came in 1976 but he died before his dream came through in 1950. | Source
Thank you for sharing this information of the civil rights movement. I think was a very important and significant part of American history and paved the way for more racial equality, though there is still some way to go.
I didn't witness any of it but I wish that I could have, being born in Alabama. My mother talked of it all the time and that's why I decided to learn about the movement and later on after coming here, I decided to write about it. It's not ancient but it is connected to my era.
cmoneyspinner1tf , thanks for stopping by. You read him right and he was all about his business. He payed tribute to the pioneers who paved the way and set Black History month. A great man.
Mr. Woodson has a face that reflects meekness and sober thinking. I like to look at pictures and try to guess a person's personality.
Thanks for your compliment on my article. You are so correct, the movement had nothing to do with parties but it had everything to do with racial discrimination and to put an end to racial segregation, that all men are created equal; justice for all and to put an end to the inhumane treatment of African Americans.
This not about which party pushed for civil rights more. Without these guys, civil rights probably won't exist. Good article.
Dementia is characterized by symptoms that may include memory loss and difficulties with thinking, problem-solving or language. A person with dementia may also experience changes in their mood or behavior. These changes are often small to start with, but someone with severe dementia has great difficulty in daily life.
Dementia is caused when the brain is damaged by diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease or a series of strokes. Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause of dementia but not all dementia is due to Alzheimer's.
Cognitive changes - Cognitive changes include memory loss, difficulty communicating or finding words, difficulty reasoning or problem-solving, difficulty handling complex tasks, difficulty with planning and organizing, difficulty with coordination and motor functions, and confusion and disorientation.
Dementia involves damage of nerve cells in the brain, which can occur in several areas of the brain. Dementia affects people differently, depending on the area of the brain affected.
The risk rises as we age, especially after age 65. However, dementia isn't a normal part of aging. And dementia can occur in younger people as a result of some concomitant medical condition.
Physically active life not only contributes to lessen the risk of dementia but also actively helps the disease. Rapidly growing evidence strongly suggests that exercise, specifically aerobic exercise, may attenuate cognitive impairment and reduce dementia risk. Besides a brain neuro-protective effect, physical exercise may also attenuate cognitive decline by mitigating cerebro-vascular risk, including the contribution of small vessel disease to dementia. Therefore, exercise should not be overlooked as an important therapeutic strategy.
It has been conclusively proven that regular physical exercise delays or prevents onset of dementia in older persons. Several studies have found that higher levels of physical exercise are associated with less cognitive decline in older people. Other studies have found that people who exercise regularly experience a slower loss of brain tissue as they age. Regular aerobic exercise, including walking, in sessions of at least 30 minutes five days a week has been found to be beneficial for cognitive health. All exercise is worth doing. Ideally, a well structured exercise plan should consist of aerobic, muscle strengthening and flexibility exercises, which should be performed regularly and consistently to experience beneficial effects.
Physically active lifestyle favorably affects the wellbeing of people with dementia by playing a significant role in all stages of the disease. Some people with dementia may have participated in regular exercise over the years and the idea will not be new to them, while others might have exercised very little. Younger people with dementia may be able to undertake a greater amount of physical activity. People, who have not taken part in any regular exercise for some time, or those with certain health issues, should consider seeking medical advice before embarking on an exercise plan. It is important to choose activities that are suitable for the person, which they find enjoyable.
Exercise in early and middle stages of dementia - There are many suitable exercise options that may be beneficial for people in the early or middle-stages of dementia. One may take the help of an expert in this regard. Walking, gardening and housework are also good forms of everyday physical activity. Yoga, Tai chi, qigong, dancing and swimming are also quite suitable if the person is able to participate in them.
Exercise in later stages of dementia - Physical activity can also be beneficial in the later stages of dementia, if it is possible. Staying mobile may reduce the need for constant supervision from a caregiver. Any schedule of physical activity has to be planned keeping in view the physical and mental condition of the patient and it should be allowed initially to be practiced under supervision till the person becomes adept at it. Later, it may be allowed to be done independently only after making sure that the person is able to do it. Such a schedule should include simple movements of different parts of the body that the individual can perform with ease. Later, compound and complex movements can gradually be introduced as one’s balance improves.
There are several theories why exercise might help brain health. Increased blood flow caused by physical activity might "beef up" the brain, increasing its volume and promoting the growth of additional neurons in the brain. Physical exercise might end up leading to increased density of the connections between the neurons and create alternative pathways for signals that might otherwise be blocked due to age-related brain shrinkage. Physical activity creates valuable opportunities to socialize with others, and can help improve and maintain a person’s independence. This is also emotionally and physically beneficial to caregivers. It also improves self-esteem and mood leading to general well-being of the person.
Actually, physically inactive lifestyle is turning many into couch potatoes. It has been conclusively found that they have a higher risk of developing dementia in old age. The researchers have found that seniors, who get little to no exercise, have a 50 percent greater risk of dementia compared with those, who regularly take part in moderate or heavy amounts of physical activity. Moderate physical activity is good enough to reduce the risk of dementia; it need not be intensive. In fact, one is never too old to exercise and gain benefit from it. The patients with dementia derive most benefit from exercise, thus improving the course of their disease.
How many of us have danced in the moonlight with stars glistening as we circled around the dance floor, whether it was a grassy field, along the Seine or on the terrazzo tiles of an open plaza, or possibly in our dreams. In a more spiritual sense, Eckert Tolle once wrote, "We are the dance, Life is the dancer." Life dances within us as we make our journey. I like the imagery it conveys. Stars give us light, beacons of hope. We dance to the music we hear in our lives and sometimes the dance is slow and rhythmic and sometimes it is long and fast, or short and intricate. So many dances, so much life.
For this hub, I share with you some of my journal entries and reflections about our dance through life, love and the universe. Some entries are observations, some are quotes, some are stories or poetic. I've left out dates, locations and time because life in the truest sense is always only in the present, now is all we ever have.
I woke up this Saturday morning to the glorious sound of a chorus of birds singing-- the symphony of the trees.
Reading from a book: "You are a miniature world. Your essence contains the world and everything in it."
We sat at a beautiful town park with a waterfall and ducks standing right at the edge. It was rather poetic watching them and how they did not lose their footing. It was very calm and serene watching all the life that enjoyed this Charles River.
There's a tenderness in life which we can't lose, it's a part of the human thread, it's part of who we are and how we must see our world-- with soft eyes.
While driving home on my street, I saw the neighborhood boy that nobody seems to like. He has no friends, his mom lets him wander. Maybe he is 9 or 10? When I saw him holding a fishing pole, I felt sorry for him. What will be his future if his present is so empty?
I was listening to an old Simon and Garfunkel song the other day and the last line was, "and the island doesn't cry." As soon as I heard it, I thought, "ah, but it does". An island cries to reach out and connect with something, anything. It can only have so much isolation without shrinking into a barren stretch of lonely sand, footprints no longer etched into its history.
I don't imagine it should amaze me any longer what can happen in the space of a couple weeks. Events take place in our lives-- sometimes changing us a little, or a lot. Why do we allow ourselves to become burdened with the unknown, the future? When it arrives, it will be known and it will be present.
Sometimes I am so enthralled with moments of quiet and peace that I don't know which pleasure to pursue in those moments. I have found that simply lying on my bed, looking out the window at the quickly moving sky, or pondering the dance of the leaves is more pleasure than I could imagine.
I read a wonderful line in a book about Artemesia, the female painter from 16th century Italy, whose emotion was clearly seen and felt in her art. The line is from her friend, Sister Graziela, who spoke these words to her as she was to marry and leave Rome. "The real principles of living are not all in the Scriptures. They are in blood ties, histories, sayings, innuendos, surreptitious looks, clandestine agreements, and hot clasped hands." How incredibly beautiful are these words!
Our reflection is exactly what it is, a reflection. Our true self is so much more, so much deeper. Live from within, give from within. Let us adorn ourselves with a beautiful soul.
It is then that we will be living an authentic way of life, giving truly of ourselves, whatever it may be at that given time. If I have love and truth and passion, then why hold back and keep it within- there is no reason to hold it inside- it is learning the art of expressing ourselves in every way possible.
But if it is true that love can change everything, then I am ready for wonderful changes in my life.
When I think of the children's lives that have touched me this year, I am blessed beyond many to have been given their gifts of sweet love, tender innocence, hunger for knowledge, discovery, allowing me entry into their world.
What a year it has been. No one prepares for the passing of their mother. It has been a soul searching, amazing spiritual journey, hard to put in words. I do know she passed peacefully, lovingly, tenderly, in the early morning hours. I wonder what she was thinking. I am sure she felt our love. Even in her passing, I saw that life is about survival, love and hope.
She found her most beautiful dress of soft yellow. It stopped at her ankles with tiny blue flowers all around the bottom. She looked as radiant as the emergent sun that was rising in the eastern sky. "I will dance among the flowers, I'll sing gently to my man, he will watch near the rose pergolas, then he will take me by my hand."
Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves. Do not now seek the answers which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them, and the point is to live everything. Ranier Maria Rilke
Yesterday we drove to Concord and toured the Longfellow Inn, walked around Walden Pond. When we were inside the gift shop for Walden Pond, where they had many Henry David Thoreau books, etc., the sales man asked me where I was from and at first I couldn't remember! I guess walking through this inspiring part of the world put me into a transcendental moment.
Outside for a long time listening to mother earth. There is an urgency I heard in the wind- like she is crying out, "take care of me". I felt restless, I saw it in the way the leaves were swaying in the wind- the way consciousness moved through the clouds across the blue expanse.
When we observe nature, we can notice the space between. It allows for the flow and connection to be made. How could a tree grow unless there is space between the branches? How could a bird fly without space beneath its wings? How can a man and woman love without the proper space between them, but not innate as within nature. Man and woman must determine what space allows for harmony.
I cannot imagine living anywhere without one living tree to cover me, to help me breathe, to whisper life into my ears.
"No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit." Helen Keller
Underneath the clouds, the beautiful blue is still there reminding us of a peaceful canopy of light that covers us with its ever present acquiescence.
The days blend together, one moving into the next, no concept of there being a line of demarcation between one day and the next- like this invisible row of nows lined up moment by perfect moment.
Thanks colorfulone! I'm glad that my words are able to refresh and inspire you. Your comment also refreshes and inspires me!
It is wonderful to really feel life and love through your deeply inspiring reflections, Rebekah. I do feel refreshed by your creative expressions.
Thanks so much, Kenja. It always means a lot to me when another writer comments on this particular hub. If anyone ever wants to truly know me, this is the hub. The verse that you commented on is part of a poem I wrote years ago while collaborating with a German artist. I envisioned this young woman deep in a forest of trees running to meet her lover. Of course, she met him and lived happily ever after. I was reading a lot of German fairy tales at the time and learning about the Fairy Tale Road of Germany.
It's a great refrain, an immense image, and about as good as the Tyson cosmos video that followed. Nah, it's better, Bek -- for the stars were speaking through you.
James, it's so nice to have your visit. I'm always happy when someone finds this rather obscure collection of writing and enjoys it enough to leave a comment. Coming from such a talented writer as yourself, you have made my day. Hope all is well with you.
I enjoyed reading this really cool collection of thoughts and ideas. I like that it is out-of-the-box and beats with a truly human heart. Thank you for this pleasure. :-)
Thanks Denise, Yes, I sent it around again as it seems sometimes we all need to remember we are the dance. So glad you find it inspiring. :)
This is a beautiful hub. You make dance sound so amazing the way you describe it and write about it. :)
I'm smiling right now, rebekahELLE, because I saw this hub pop up and it seemed vaguely familiar. So, as I re-read it and re-experienced its lovliness, I saw that yes, I had indeed commented on this awhile ago.
It is still as heartwarming and inspirational for me as when I first read it. Many Blessings to you and the sharing of your thoughts in this piece.
Thanks for sharing this rebekahelle, the message is powerful and very timely. 1 vote up and beautiful=)
This is a beautiful uplifting Hub. Perfect timing for these times to remind us what is still beautiful in this life and on this earth and the reason why most of us cling to it tenaciously no matter what happens.
You have provided very knowledgeable content. I was searching this kind of blog from so long time but after reading your blog my search has been finished.. Thanks for sharing it with us....
Rebekah, I just came back for another wallow in lovely thoughts and calming words... and I found them so eloquently stated in your hub. Thank you.
@The Farmers Wife, thanks so much for reading and leaving such a nice comment. That section you have commented on is also some of my favorite writing. The link, flowers, takes you to the end product which resulted in a poem. It was a story poem I was writing from inspiration from a Monet painting. It was a wonderful, inspiring period in my life. I appreciate your compliment! :)
"she found her most beautiful dress of soft yellow. it stopped at her ankles with tiny blue flowers all around the bottom. she looked as radiant as the emergent sun that was rising in the eastern sky. "I will dance among the flowers, I'll sing gently to my man, he will watch near the rose pergolas, then he will take me by my hand."
Thank you for a beautiful reflection, thank you for becoming my follower and leaving me a beautiful message on my site, very appreciated....loved reading 'The Time Traveller's wife' as well...
winsome, yes, we sure do. nothing like living and truly experiencing our lives. always a pleasure to see you. xo
I am certain his twinkling eyes are filled with love as you make your journey through this life. Sometimes don't you feel like you don't want to sleep, there is so much to experience? It is a wonderful life, with the ups and downs and twists in the road. thanks for reading and sharing. :]
RebekahELLE-I am swept away with the lovliness of this hub. From the title, which caught my eye, to the beautifully shared pieces of your journal...the life dance. Thank you for sharing this. I voted it up and will also bookmark it.
It really is a dance, isn't it?-the sadness and pain of a young child experiencing lonliness; the delight of forgetting where you are from, because there really is no attachment to the identification of oneself when we know we are all part of ONE; the depth of letting go of one we love through death; it is all part of our journey.
I too, have danced under the canopy of stars with one who has loved me unconditionally. Now, as I travel this world without him, I gaze at the nightsky and see his twinkling eyes winking at me from above.
DeGreek, I know your feeling. I think people become immune to these realities, that life is full of sadness and emptiness for many, or it replaced with things that are not important. I used to see that boy all the time, now I never see him. I hope he is well wherever he is. thanks for reading and commenting. I hope you found also some happiness while reading. :)
I became depressed at the mention of the 9 year old without friends. How is such a thing possible? It really made me sad.
thank you for the lovely comments. it's always both humbling and thrilling to realize our quiet, written reflections and thoughts can mean so much to others.
I think in all our diversity, humans are essentially very alike. we are all connected. thank you!! xo
Rebekah, I feel as if I have been bludgeoned with loneliness. But these few words, especially, will stay with my for a long time:
What you said and the way you said it is just so beautiful I will bookmark this hub and read it again and again. Thank you for starting up my day in such a possitive way
voted up & beautiful! Oh, I needed this today. Thank you for showing me we need to just slow down and feel the misty rain on our faces and ponder each fleeting moment...
Beautiful writing with your thoughts about those children ad things that have touched your life. I enjoyed reading it very much.
Images from the Sixth Annual Brooklyn Peace Fair which took place on May 15, 2010 in New York City. I was there all day.
On this flier I secured the autograph of Father Roy Bourgeois of the School of Americas Watch Project. He was the featured speaker this year.
On this opened brochure I secured the autograph of former NY Congressman Major Owens, an attendee and longtime supporter of the actions of Brooklyn For Peace
Why did Jesus speak in parables? Parables are a type of ‘idiom’ or figurative speech. We see that much of what is recorded in the Bible is in symbolic pictures that require interpretation, rather than ‘translation’. The great thing about the Bible is that the recorded visions, dreams and parables given by the LORD are also interpreted for us in writing. As we read all these marvelous accounts in the Word, it’s worthwhile to note that only those of the LORD were given the divine interpretation of the things of God.
While interpretation is only given to believers, God gave visions and dreams to both believers and non-believers. Non-believers had to seek out believers to provide interpretation, for even their diviners and magicians could not receive the meanings. Daniel was able to receive the knowledge of what Pharaoh dreamt, as well as the interpretation of those dreams (Dan 2). Likewise, he received the interpretation of his own visions and dreams (Dan 7). Joseph also had the gift of interpreting his own dreams and the dreams of others (Gen 37; 40 and 41). The Apostle John wrote down his visions and subsequent interpretations given by the angel of the LORD, or the LORD Himself in that great book of Revelation. The prophet Joel wrote that “your young men will see visions and your old men will dream dreams” (Joel 2:28; Acts 2:17), speaking of the last days.
Unlike dreams and visions, parables are stories that require interpretation to understand a greater truth. We do not see any record of Jesus having or interpreting visions and dreams throughout His New Testament ministry on earth. He did, however, speak to the Jews in parables. And, as with visions and dreams, He did not give the interpretation of His parables to the lost, but only to those who believed – namely, His twelve disciples (i.e. Luke 8:11). Thus, we continue on with my opening question: Why did Jesus speak in parables?
But their minds were made dull, for to this day the same veil remains when the old covenant is read. It has not been removed, because only in Christ is it taken away. | Source
Did you ever wonder why Jesus didn’t just come right out and say Who He was? Even today, as we read His Word, we can only see the ‘clues’ He gave back in those days.
Peter, James and John (the brother of James) saw the most incredible vision on the 'Mount of Transfiguration' (Mat 17:9; Mark 9:9), yet were told by Jesus not to tell anyone…until AFTER the resurrection.
That IS the answer, confirmed in 1 Cor 2:8 “the wisdom which none of the rulers of this age has understood; for if they had understood it they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.”
The purpose of God coming in the flesh was to shed His own blood (Acts 20:28) for the remission of sin (Heb 9:22), to redeem us (Is 44:6; Gal 3:14) and impute righteousness unto us (2 Cor 5:21). For this reason, Jesus purposefully gave ‘clues’ to those who would later nail Him to the cross. Let’s look at a few of them here and see the reaction of the Jews:
· Forgiving sin (Isaiah 43:25; Mark 2:7) – “Why does this man speak that way? He is blaspheming; who can forgive sins but God alone?"
· I AM (Ex 3:14; John 8:58) – “Therefore they picked up stones to throw at Him, but Jesus hid Himself and went out of the temple.”
· I and My Father are One (Deut 6:4; John 10:30) – “The Jews picked up stones again to stone Him.”… “The Jews answered Him, ‘For a good work we do not stone You, but for blasphemy; and because You, being a man, make Yourself out to be God."
· The Son of God (Isaiah 9:6; Luke 22:70) – “Then they said, ‘What further need do we have of testimony? For we have heard it ourselves from His own mouth. Then the whole body of them got up and brought Him before Pilate."
In Matthew 13:10-15 “The disciples came and said to Him, ‘Why do You speak to them in parables?’ Jesus answered them, ‘To you it has been granted to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it has not been granted…I speak to them in parables because while seeing they do not see, and while hearing they do not hear, nor do they understand. ‘In their case the prophecy of Isaiah is being fulfilled, which says, 'YOU WILL KEEP ON HEARING, BUT WILL NOT UNDERSTAND; YOU WILL KEEP ON SEEING, BUT WILL NOT PERCEIVE; FOR THE HEART OF THIS PEOPLE HAS BECOME DULL, WITH THEIR EARS THEY SCARCELY HEAR, AND THEY HAVE CLOSED THEIR EYES, OTHERWISE THEY WOULD SEE WITH THEIR EYES, HEAR WITH THEIR EARS, AND UNDERSTAND WITH THEIR HEART AND RETURN, AND I WOULD HEAL THEM.'” NAS (Is 6:9-10)
Is it therefore, God that makes blind, deaf and dumb? No. The one who blinds is found in 2 Cor 4:4 “the god of this world [Satan] has blinded the minds of the unbelieving so that they might not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ, who is the image of God.”
Just as the Jews could NOT see that Christ Jesus was and is the IMAGE OF GOD Himself; they could not hear the Truth of His words as to His identity; they could not understand that God, their Savior had come to shed His own blood to take away their sin, there are Jews and Christians today who profess to know God yet MISS THE MARK. 2 Cor 4:6 “For God, who said, ‘Light shall shine out of darkness,’ is the One who has shone in our hearts to give the Light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ.” These same ones consider the claim that Jesus is Almighty God to be blasphemous! He’s ‘a god’ or a god ‘equal’ to, but forever ‘subject’ to The Father; He’s a ‘second person’ of the Trinity; He’s just the Jewish Messiah (son of David) or a mere prophet.
Isaiah 44:6 “This is what the LORD says--Israel's King and Redeemer, the LORD Almighty: I am the first and I am the last; apart from Me there is no God.”
Rev 1:17b-18 “Do not be afraid; I am the first and the last, and the living One; and I was dead, and behold, I am alive forevermore, and I have the keys of death and of Hades.”
Rev 2:8 “And to the angel of the church in Smyrna write: The first and the last, who was dead, and has come to life, says this”
Jesus purposefully spoke in such a way, that those whose hearts were hardened, full of arrogance and pride, would not be able to see, hear or understand the things of God. Let’s look at His prayer of rejoicing in Luke 10:21 “At that very time He [Jesus] rejoiced greatly in the Holy Spirit, and said, ‘I praise You, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that You have hidden these things from the wise and intelligent and have revealed them to infants. Yes, Father, for this way was well-pleasing in Your sight.”
See, all of us, believers and unbelievers have the written Word of God. We can read it in the various translations and follow the various interpretations of priests, theologians, teachers and pastors. This is not what brings the ‘Light’, the ability to ‘see’, ‘hear’ and 'understand'. The Jews were given the Tanakh with the Torah, yet MISSED their Messiah, the only True God, YeHoWsHua Ha'Meshiyach! Why? What was prophesied of them in Isaiah 6:9-10 again? Their hearts became dull; they scarcely heard; they closed their eyes. Jesus was sent only to “the lost sheep of Israel” (Mat 15:24); He came to save them, to cause the blind to see, the deaf to hear, the dumb to understand; to raise the dead and to give them life (Ez 37; John 10:10; 1 John 5:12).
All throughout Revelation we read “he who has an ear let him hear what the Spirit says”. Just as it was in the time of Ezekiel, “Son of man, you live in the midst of the rebellious house, who have eyes to see but do not see, ears to hear but do not hear; for they are a rebellious house”, it is prophesied that “the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their own desires, and will turn away their ears from the truth and will turn aside to myths.” This apostasy will have come to full fruition, just before the LORD returns (2 Thes 2:3).
If we go now to 2 Thes 2:11 we read, “And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie, in order that they all may be judged who did not believe the truth, but took pleasure in wickedness.” Truly, it will be as it was in the days of Noah and Lot (Luke 17:26-29). Noah preached, right up to the day of judgment…and no one would ‘hear’.
All of us are familiar with Jesus’ question to Simon-Peter in Mat 16:15 and Peter’s answer, “You are the Christ, the Son of the living God." (vs. 16)
How do Jews and Gentile Christians view this confession: “The Son of the Living God”? Jews knew God’s Son would be called “Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace”, according to Isaiah 9:6. They do not split God into persons and never will. Jews also knew God’s Son would be a ‘son of David’ (Mat 9:27; 15:22), and that He was. Gentiles, on the other hand, attribute the concept of the ‘Son of God’ as the ‘son of David’, a separate and subordinate being from His Father. Isaiah’s prophecy is really inconceivable to them. Peter was not a Gentile, but a Jew. His confession agreed with Isaiah. Furthermore, look at what he wrote in 2 Peter 1:1 “Simon Peter, a bond-servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, To those who have received a faith of the same kind as ours, by the righteousness of our God and a Savior, Jesus Christ…”
There is no way I or any human being can reveal the identity of Jesus Christ to anyone, as stated in Jesus’ response to Peter’s confession in vs. 17 “Blessed are you, Simon Barjona, because flesh and blood did not reveal this to you, but My Father who is in heaven.” If you still believe the Father (invisible, omnipresent Spirit – John 4:24; 2 Cor 3:17; Col 1:5) is a separate ‘person’ from Jesus, see, hear and understand that the Father is the LORD (YHVH or YHWH) and the LORD God said in Isaiah 45:21, “And there is no other God besides Me, A righteous God and a Savior; There is none except Me.”
1 Tim 2:4 "[God] desires all men to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth." Is this your desire, too?
“Open our eyes, LORD; we want to see Jesus ~ to reach out and touch Him and say that we love Him; Open our ears, LORD, and help us to listen...
The Bible states in 1 Corinthians 14:13, "Therefore let one who speaks in a tongue pray that he may interpret." It is important to note that 'translation' and 'interpretation' are two different things. Anyone can translate a human language; spiritua
Thank you, once again, my faithful friend and brother in the LORD! It's interesting to note that Jesus indeed fulfilled the prophecy written of Him way back in Ps 78:2-4:
"I will open My mouth in a parable; I will utter dark sayings of old, Which we have heard and known, And our fathers have told us. We will not conceal them from their children, But tell to the generation to come the praises of the LORD, And His strength and His wondrous works that He has done. "
Oh, that His sheep hear His voice, see with their spiritual eyes and understand in their minds that Yeshua is the Good Shepherd that lays down His life for His sheep (Ps 23:1; John 10:11). May they repent (turn to Him), for if they do not ackowledge the Son, they have not the Father (John 8:19; 1 John 2:23), for He is ONE! (Duet 6:4; Mark 12:29). HalleluYah!
Excellent Article! I love the parables and I think it was GOD's way of giving an exciting Promise to those who would delve deep enough into The WORD to try and understand what he did for us and understand the PROMISE he offered us. ETERNAL LIFE! All PRAISE, HONOR AND GLORY TO HIM! God Bless, Good Sister.
Yes, I took a look at that hub, and while he agrees that Dec 25th is not the birthdate of Christ, he's gone a little over the top with doubting the virgin birth ~ in fact, as a couple of commentors wrote to him, if what he wrote is true, Jesus wouldn't be divine; the whole gospel would basically be void. I'm not going that route. I pray he receives the hope that is in the gospel of our Savior, the LORD Jesus Christ. Thank you for recommending my hub to him, and I'm glad he came by to read. Blessings to you always, JD.
Hello JD, I really like reading your hubs. Please have a look at this one, it is not mine but I thought it interesting. https://hubpages.com/religion-philosophy/IsJesusre... All I could say is wow, nice. Thank you and Blessings!
P.S. Lone Ranger, there's a whole section on the manifestations of God in my hub called "1 Corinthians 15:28 - Jesus Subject to the Father?" https://hubpages.com/religion-philosophy/1-Corinth... and, should you read the whole hub, pay special attention to the last section called "Flip-side"...
Hi Lone Ranger, The Spirit of God is mentioned in Gen 1:2 and spoke through the Prophets (2 Pet 1:21) ~ The Spirit of God is mentioned all throughout the Old Testament (i.e. Ps 139:7). The flesh of God is also mentioned (His appearance to Abraham in Gen 18); the Son was prophesied in Isaiah 9:6 and there are prophecies of Him all throughout ~ all but the three final feasts fulfilled. Those who accept Jesus as the LORD God don't make Him a separate person, but rather understand that God Himself was manifest in the flesh.
Let's again review Isa 44:6 "This is what the LORD says--Israel's King and Redeemer, the LORD Almighty: I am the first and I am the last; apart from Me there is no God." So here we have the LORD God Almighty.
Compared to Rev 2:8 "To the angel of the church in Smyrna write: These are the words of Him who is the First and the Last, who died and came to life again."
Rev 1:8 "I am the Alpha and the Omega," says the Lord God, "who is and who was and who is to come, the Almighty." Here we have the Lord God Almighty again.
In Rev 21:9 "He said to me: "It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To him who is thirsty I will give to drink without cost from the spring of the water of life."
Let's go back to John 4:14 where Jesus said, "but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him shall never thirst; but the water that I will give him will become in him a well of water springing up to eternal life."
Jesus revealed Who He Is all throughout the New Testament, especially in Revelation. This is WHY the Jews killed Him because He made Himself out to be God (John 10:33). How do YOU or anyone else answer to the verses above? How many LORD God Almightys do we have? How many First and Lasts? How many Alpha and Omegas?
Thank you for your comment, brother. I do appreciate your questions and thoughts, for even I went through the same and came to the resolve of an absolute Truth, that Jesus is the LORD God Almighty, the Creator of all things and Savior/Redeemer of mankind. His eternal name is YHWH, "I AM".
Of course you are right about that, but then again, the Jews never accepted Christ as the Son of God and I may be wrong, but was the concept of the Holy Spirit discussed in the Old Testament?
Thank you, Lone Ranger. I think when we are convinced and persuaded of a Truth, we cannot turn from it. What if the way the Bible was written is the 'Test' ~ the 'Parable'? We have to decide whether God is One, Two or Three. I'm secure staying with the One LORD of the Old Testament as revealed to His chosen people. God does not change. He appeared in Spirit (invisible and visible) and flesh then, and He still does in the Spirit and Person of Jesus Christ. The Jews never split God into two or three persons. The Tanakh was given to THEM through Moses, by the LORD Himself. If anyone knew God, they did. They just never fathomed God would come in flesh and blood! Could we blame them? Many have since accepted Jesus Christ, not only as Messiah, but LORD, and they know only One LORD. The rest of what they or we who are grafted in believe is doctrinal interpretation and personal, spiritual conviction. God knows our hearts. I'm glad to hear from you and am always blessed that you come by to read and comment, brother. God bless you as you go and grow!
It is a good thing that the Almighty revealed Himself to infants and children, because my mind has never developed much beyond this point.
I am constantly amazed at God's awesome power and His intricate beauty! I literally can look at a tree and be completely dumbfounded for hours on end considering how a small seed could become a 400 foot giant.
I think highly intelligent people tend to splice hairs and are willing to use their intellectual acumen to argue over semantics and the smallest details ad nausium, but end up missing the big picture.
I think we are delusional if we believe we can fully understand the Almighty. As I have been researching Modalism, Dualism and the Trinity, I can see evidence in Scripture for each. So, is it imperative that one assumes a position on matters such as these?
But, how can one negate one verse in favor of another or choose one passage over another? Will we ever be able to understand the natural mysteries of God this side of Heaven? I think there are some things that we can know with confidence but then there are other things that are not completely necessary for salvation and they just become stumbling stones and sources of endless debate.
J.D., I really like your essay. Your Hubs are always well written and researched. You provide the reader with funny and appropriate visual aids. You are a very convincing writter and have a dynamic personality. I always know that I will get my money's worth every time I pay you a visit.
Debate? I broke it down. I showed the flow. Debate with God? Not quite. Serving him, and teaching it straight-up, no chaser.
Hi WD Curry 111, You're not debating with me, but with God. I believe God is the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit and He is One Spirit (invisible) and Person (visible), not three.
Okay, the 'clever' words of mine are in reference to the definitions and synonyms of 'distinct' and 'separate'? Each of these words also has antonyms (opposites/antitheses). If God is not three distinct or separate persons, then He is One and meets the defintion of the antonyms of these words. That's not 'cleverness', it's just fact.
I appreciate your passionate heart, and again, invite you to read the links I provided, if you are so inclined. If you are not, that is again, your choice ~~
You said, " . . . synonyms of 'distinct' and 'separate', they are really the antithesis of the antonyms of the same,"
synonyms are alike - "distinct" is not synonymous with "synonyms" - nor is "separate". As a matter of fact, "separate" is even less synonymous than "distinct". There is a lingual progression away from being alike.
"antithesis" is a stronger word than "antonym", so now there is a lingual progression towards being alike.
It is a similar process to understanding the Trinity (which is impossible). The Father Is God, Jesus is God, Holy Spirit is God. The Holy Spirit shines the light on the cross, resurrection and person of Jesus. Jesus leads the way to the throne of the Father. The Father gives his authority to the Son, the Son's presence is sent through the Holy Spirit. The Holy spirit says,"That child in your city is lost, alone and hungry. Give her a meal, comfort her with fellowship, show her the way home.
Satan hates the Trinity. He always attacks the Trinity. His minions delight in puzzling humans, who the demons full, well know have not been equipped to solve the riddle.
It is not wise to separate yourself from so called "Trinitarians", as if their understanding of God is inferior to yours. Maybe you can take it to five. Sister I can take it to Infinity and back, again. The Holy Spirit says,"Don't waste time bantering with demons! The time is short and there is too much work to do. Not long from now, those demons will be holding their tongues forever. They are squawking in anxious, desperation and will be bringing all the force that they can muster to bear against believers!"
You see sister, I have been raised up as a warrior in this day. I am not here to learn of God from you. I am here to meet the enemy head on and it will cost my life. It baffles him that I am not afraid. He has done a superlative job of convincing the Church to withdraw their support. I should have quit by now. I have faltered, but I am still in the fight. (chuckle, chuckle)
I am interested in your writing and you as a person. If you think you are in the elit 1% that really get it . . . all the others are blind and groping along the wall, while you are flying free . . . you aren't just mistaken . . . you have been deceived.
Yes, of course, chuckle. I love to chuckle! I wish I could see what you see as clever, that would probably make me chuckle, too. :-) :-) I appreciate your heart and willingness to read some more on the subject. That's all I can do is write about my studies and insights; I don't think they're just for me ~ chuckle, chuckle, so I am thrilled to share them with anyone who will share in the discoveries. Thank you again, WD Curry 111. Blessings always.
Thank you, I am, and I will. May I chuckle at your clever use of words? I am a Florida boy, we keep it simple. God is love.
I am interested in what you have to say about the subject. You have a keen mind for the subject. I think it is good to explore the way you have, and I am looking forward to reading your notes. Thanks.
WD Curry 111, There's no 'word play' here; in fact, if those who believe God is three persons were to study the 'We', 'Us' and 'Our' passages more closely, there is certainly more to interpreting them (I believe there are a total of five); yet the usage of singular, personal pronouns for God (I, He, Him) all throughout the Bible is massive. That should be the first 'sign'.
You are very intelligent. Am I allowed to chuckle at your word play? The Bible clearly states that God is one, yet he spoke to himself as we at the creation.
We have an advocate in heaven . . . God is the judge and the attorney. The case is fixed. We are guilty, but we get a reward. It isn't fair.
"We will stand in scenes of Glory to sing the new new song, It will be the old old story that we have loved so long."
It is Quantum. It only makes sense in the relativity of the Holy Spirit. Describe a rainbow to a blind man. It is better to give him some milk and cookies.
Oh, DO give me more accurate percentages, please, WD Curry 111 ~ I pray they are more encouraging!! You're right, even Trinitarians (that believe in three 'distinct' or 'separate' persons) believe in the 'divinity' of Christ, no doubt. If we look up the definitions and synonyms of 'distinct' and 'separate', they are really the antithesis of the antonyms of the same, of which the latter is the Truth. Whether they believe Jesus Christ is The Almighty God, Who IS The Holy Spirit, manifesting both as invisible and in visible form (morphe), is the crux of the issue, and the one that unfortunately fuels such controversy. Peace to you, as well. Thank you.
I am glad I came by. I think you might have your percentages a little lopsided. Every Christian I have ever known, except some fringe groups, believes in the divinity of Jesus (Apostles Creed). Maybe it is a California thing, I don't know.
Also, it is best to be succinct when dealing with the cynic and that tired old trinity garbage. The trinity can only be divided in a tiny mind. It is not fruitful to say too much or banter back and forth with demons.
Sister Tamarajo! Yes, and amen! Even in the case of the hardening of Pharaoh's heart, I know that you are so diligent to look up the Hebrew wording. The language reveals that God 'allowed' Pharaoh's heart to harden because of his rebellious spirit, and so that God was glorified in His righteous judgment upon him and his kingdom.
I, too, continually discover new things in the Word and I get so excited because it's like another block built upon the already firm foundation; likewise, should we miss the mark on something, the straw is removed and a block takes its place! What a beautiful relationship, to be taught by the LORD Himself. God bless you always!!
Yes, brother Dave! So true; even we, if we lose our teachability can become the same way. May we ever stay teachable to the New Testament Truth revealed, by understanding the Old Testament, Truth concealed...
Oh that we remain as little children ~ for of such is the kingdom of heaven - Mat 19:14 (teachability), yet may we also grow up to partake of strong meat (Heb 5:14), that we not be as babes in the Word, tossed to and fro by every wind (spirit) of doctrine (Eph 4:14). AMEN.
I liked how you showed that it is a rebellious heart that is blinded by Satan that cannot understand the truth. I think that is why the scriptures seem foolish to the rest of the world.
I know even for myself I can look at a scripture a hundred times but unless the Lord gives me understanding I really don't get it. I am so pleased that on so many occasions I will ask Him what things mean and He eventually shows me.
Judah's Daughter: dear sister in Christ, indeed Jesus taught in parables. God our Father sees all of us as children, and those who were truly children of the Living God would hear the parable stories related and be able to understand the teaching for children learn better through stories. The Priests,Scribes and Pharisees were the know-it-alls, they knew scripture, but not how to live it and apply it, only to spout it. Their ears would be deafened to the truth, because they did not seek it only sought to be seen as better than the rest and point a finger. Jesus always referred to them as "Hypocrites" and rightly so.
Praise God, sister RevLady! I so appreciate your uplifting comment and uplifting the LORD, Jesus Christ! Have a beautiful and blessed day!!
Amen, Segun Tewogbola! You 'see' that it takes a heart of desiring to know God before we can receive the ability to 'hear' and 'understand' the things of God, given only by His Holy Spirit*.
I think of Jesus' words to His own disciples, as He appeared to them after His resurrection and ate fish! Luke 24:44-45 "Now He said to them, 'These are My words which I spoke to you while I was still with you, that all things which are written about Me in the Law of Moses and the Prophets and the Psalms must be fulfilled. Then He opened their minds to understand the Scriptures."
"Though I have been speaking figuratively, a time is coming when I will no longer use this kind of language but will tell you plainly about My Father. 26 In that day you will ask in My name. I AM NOT SAYING THAT I WILL ASK THE FATHER ON YOUR BEHALF. 27 No, the Father Himself loves you because you have loved Me and have believed that I came from God. 28 I came from the Father and entered the world; now I am leaving the world and going back to the Father.”
29 Then Jesus’ disciples said, 'Now you are speaking clearly and without figures of speech. 30 Now we can see that YOU KNOW ALL THINGS and that You do not even need to have anyone ask You questions. This makes us believe that You came from God.”
If we go up to vs. 7, Jesus said, "But I tell you the truth: It is for your good that I am going away. Unless I go away, the Counselor* will not come to you; but if I go, I will send Him to you" and 13 "But when He, the Spirit of Truth*, comes, He will guide you into all Truth. He will not speak on His own; He will speak only what He hears, and He will tell you what is yet to come", we can KNOW Who the Counselor* is (Isa 9:6) the Son will be called "Wonderful, Counselor*, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace", confirmed in John 14:18 "I will not leave you as orphans [Fatherless}; I will come to you."
In vs. 6 of John 14 Jesus states, "I AM the Way, the Truth* and the Life; No one comes to the Father, but by Me."
In light of all this, may we 'see', 'hear' and 'understand' Rom 8:9: "However, you are not in the flesh but in the Spirit*, if indeed the Spirit of God* dwells in you. But if anyone does not have the Spirit of Christ*, he does not belong to Him."
The One, True God in the 'person of Jesus Christ: "For in Christ all the fullness of the Deity lives in bodily form" (Col 2:9). 1 John 5:20 "And we know that the Son of God has come, and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life."
Revealing and insightful hub. God spoke to Jeremiah that people will seek Him and found Him after they have search for Him with all their hearts. Hence the parables!
Thank you, also, Disappearinghead! You bring up a good point, 98% is probably a good figure of the sum total of Jews and Christians that do not believe Jesus Christ was the embodiment (morphe - form) of the Almighty God Himself! It is blasphemous to them. I think those who believe in the 'Trinity' would not participate in crucifying Jesus afresh in this day, but I do believe they would merely be bystanders, not sure whether He was/is Almighty God or not. They are yet confused. Jews would, no doubt, crucify Him again.
It appears that only a fraction of 1% of all 'Christians' hold to Jesus Christ being God Himself = Only One God, the One True God. 30% of the 'Christian' population are Protestants; 70% Catholic (99% who believe in the Trinity). I've seen incredible testimonies, however, of Muslims who were visited by the LORD and told "I am Jesus Christ, the Living God" and "I am the Alpha and Omega" - they were given the knowledge of the truth and saved that very moment. I've seen testimionies of Jews who stated, "I could receive Jesus as Messiah, but receiving Him as LORD was the tough one." They know Who the LORD is, and to receive Jesus Christ as LORD (Kurios/Yehovah) means to receive Him as God Almighty. Walid Shoebat, an ex-PLO Muslim terrorist, on the otherhand, has been an incredible witness to the antitheses of the Bible and Qur'an, yet he married a Catholic wife; thus, he 'believes' or 'has accepted' the Trinity as truth.
We have other types of professing believers that believe God is two and the Holy Spirit is a thing. We have Catholics that believe God is our Father and Jesus and the Holy Spirit are our brothers. We have Egalitarians who believe God is the Father, the Holy Spirit the Mother and Jesus conceived by them, etc. It's gotten so out of hand in these last days ~ oh, may the LORD's Truth shine in the darkness ~ and how great is that darkness! Is it the 'strong delusion' prophesied in the Word? I believe it is, Disappearinghead; I believe it is. God bless you.
Thank you, Drjacki! What a blessing it is to hear this is comprehensive and easy to read (especially for you, sister, for you see, hear and understand)!! The truth is clear; it's simple. On the other hand, those who try to explain the lie (God in three separate persons, where each is not the other) just say, "We cannot comprehend God" ~ "We cannot attempt to try to explain Him", etc. Not so! God is not the Author of confusion and lack of ability to explain or understand His Truth. I am honored that you came here to read and bless the Lord, Jesus Christ. You have also blessed me. Thank you.
A well worked hub JD. Now if 98% of the Church insists that belief in the Trinity is fundamental to being Christian, then does this not suggest that the Church as a whole are under a strong delusion too, and are in fact no better off than the Jews of Yashua's time?
This discourse is wonderful, comprehensive and easy to read..what a pleasure to have found someone who can put these important spiritual concepts together as beautifully as you have done here. Thank you for this Hub.
Now to the uninitiated, the 'ball' part may not be so apparent. People who really do not know much about the Filipino people would be surprised to know that it is in fact, for the game of 'basketball'.
Yes, even though the average height of Filipino males is among the shortest in the world -- somewhere between five feet three and five feet seven inches.
Some might think that this laid back, vertically challenged ethnic group is a bunch of "Johnny-come-latelies" or that Filipinos are just a group of trying hard hard-court and square-ring tacticians.
And to prove this, there have been many world class Filipino boxers, Filipino basketball players and teams since the 1920s.
In fact back in 1923, 5'1" 112 pound Pancho Villa became the first Asian (and the first Filipino) world boxing champion after he knocked out Jimmy Wilde.
Regarding basketball, in 1936, when the sport was first played as an official Olympic sport, a men's basketball team from the Philippines beat all of their opponents and only lost once, of course to Team U.S.A.
But due to bad luck or whatever you may want to call it, they only wound up in 5th place -- still the highest place any nation anywhere from Asia have achieved to this day.
In fact, the Philippines is the only Asian country to have gotten a medal in World Basketball play, having a men's basketball team who captured the bronze medal in the 1954 FIBA World Championships, losing only twice -- of course to the U.S. Team and to the host country, Brazil.
In fact the Philippines used to dominate their part of the world for decades, until they put up the first professional league in Asia in the 1970's (the world's second oldest existing league behind the NBA), the Philippine Basketball Association.
Prior to that, the Philippines had a sports association started back in 1938 called the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association (MICAA) -- much like the NBL in the U.S.
Basketball in the Philippines, particularly back in the 70s and 80s, can be pretty much described as like that of the NBA of the late 80s and early 90s, when the players weren't overpaid and the referees let them play instead of blowing the whistle on every ticky-tack foul.
There were enforcers in almost every team, and you know when the coach taps one of those tough guys to come into the game, you can be sure that someone on the other team is going to get it and that something "exciting" is bound to happen.
Now since the 1970s all the way to the year 2013, the Philippine national basketball team fell out of their normally lofty positions in Asia, winning only one Asian Games Cup in 1986.
The result was the the Philippine basketball team have not been back to the Olympics since 1972, after seven previous appearances.
And you can just imagine that the long wait is just too much to bear for their 'boxingball' crazy fans.
But back in 2013, the Philippine team placed second to the FIBA Asia Cup to qualify for the 2014 FIBA World Cup of Basketball in Spain.
And even though they have the shortest player and the shortest team, you can be sure they fought, and they fought hard, capturing the hearts of new fans worldwide.
Ongoing right now in China, is the first qualifying phase for the 2016 Rio Olympics. And on the last game of the preliminary round, a Kuwaiti player (and probably their entire coaching staff) didn't know that much about Filipino basketball players.
This one Kuwaiti player in particular hit a Filipino player in the groin, yes pretty much a low and illegal blow in boxing, on the final minutes of the game with the Philippines leading by 40+ points.
Anyway, Philippine basketball is not all about that. It is also about team work, heart, camaraderie, pride, passion, individual talent and the never say die attitude.
They have the battle wounds, the heart aches, the medals and the experience to show for it. And after decades of being out of the world basketball stage, they are back.
When you talk about boxing, nobody will fault you if you talk about say Muhammad Ali, Larry Holmes or even Mike Tyson. Or if you are much older, you could probably say Rocky Marciano, Henry Armstrong or Sugar Ray Robinson. And I wouldn't argue...
Of all team sports, the closest to the Filipino (and Filipina) heart is the sport of Basketball, click here to read why.
I enjoy reading this hub. As a Fil-Am Pinoy, I could identify with Pinoys love for boxing and basketball.
Fuse a piece of stabiliser – I used Pellon H630 (very lightweight fusible batting) but you could use Parlan or another stabiliser – to the back of your fabric.
Cut out the largest one and trace onto the piece of green wool. Cut out the middle size and trace onto the lilac wool, and then finally cut down to the smallest heart and trace onto the pink wool. Use a blue washout pen to trace and then cut out all shapes just inside the blue line.
Position the three layers of wool as pictured in the photo. Fold the fabric in half to find the centre crease – then centre your hearts on the right hand end. Pin and then tack the pieces of wool into position.
Now we are going to use our newly learned embroidery stitches to stitch down each layer and embellish at the same time.
I will list what stitches and threads I used, you of course can choose your own from your stash if you haven't already purchased them from here.
Using the Forget me Knot variegated thread (2 strands) stitch a Cretan stitch around the outside edge. Using the light pink perle thread stitch two lazy daisies at the top of every second stitch. Inside the petals, using the forget me knot thread stitch a pistil stitch.
I'm so excited about this. Just wanted to make sure I haven't missed any - you did 12 lessons, right?

Reflection can either be good, or bad, depending on the attitude and mindset of whomever may be executing the task. One may not want this year to end, while another simply can not wait for their new beginning. Personally I am neutral. It was neither good nor bad. It just was. Although I think most can relate to the fact that each year seems to be passing faster than the last. Why? I don’t know. Perhaps the Sun’s gravitational force is drawing the Earth closer, therefore decreasing the circumferential distance travelled each orbit. Or perhaps it’s all in my head. Excitedly I anticipate addressing such issues in the future. Stay tuned.
Thankfully the days of inebriation beyond the point of delirium are well and truly behind me. However there will be a massive number of folk who will be desperately attempting to squeeze copious amounts of alcohol (and whatever other substances they find available) into their bodies, in order for them to be able to “enjoy” the “celebration”.
The morning of January 1st can be sad yet simultaneously hilarious, as the carcasses lay strewn about every beach, footpath and random neighbours’ garden throughout the land. The thumping within their heads creating a vibration through the Earth. Scientists say the resonance from this vibration travels throughout our Solar System and can be detected from the International Space Station. Just kidding. Scientists don’t say things like that at all. In fact a scientific study found that one in three Scientists never say anything. Ever.
In conclusion, I can safely deduce that for the introduction to 2016, I will not be partying. These days I much prefer to see the New Year in by being close to the people I love, quietly looking up to the sky, wondering what it is all about.
Slowly I am learning not to dwell in the past, or hope for the future. For it is always now. It makes perfect sense to situate oneself in the present, although in practice this is not always as simple as it sounds. Fortunately I embrace a challenge, and if the outcome is an achievement of inner peace then I gladly accept it.
If all of the Earths inhabitants were to simultaneously achieve inner peace, then perhaps that would bring peace to the Earth. No greed, No guilt, No shame, No hate. Nothing but love. That would be good. Sometimes I wonder what the world would be like if John Lennon hadn’t been assassinated. Can one person really change the world? Maybe not, but one person can initiate an idea that flows through many, and eventually all people, to create a change. Well that’s what the Scientists say anyhow.
Posted in 2016, Blogging, Earth, Life, New Year, Peace, Writing and tagged 2016, Australia, Celebrate, John Lennon, New Year, NYE, Party, Peace, Queensland, Science, Space, Time, World Peace on December 31, 2015 by farrellymatthew. Leave a comment	
It was discovered that lseek(SEEK_DATA) and lseek(SEEK_HOLE) returned incorrect values on ext4 FS in some cases, causing corruption of QCOW2 disk images used by VMs.
A vulnerability was found in the handling of xfrm Netlink messages. A privileged user inside a container could cause a denial of service (kernel crash) by sending a crafted Netlink message with type XFRM_MSG_MIGRATE to the kernel.
Kernel memory corruption due to a buffer overflow was found in brcmf_cfg80211_mgmt_tx() function in Linux kernels from v3.9-rc1 to v4.13-rc1. The vulnerability can be triggered by sending a crafted NL80211_CMD_FRAME packet via netlink. An unprivileged local user could use this flaw to induce kernel memory corruption on the system, leading to a crash.
Integer overflow vulnerability in ip6_find_1stfragopt() function was found. Local attacker that has privileges to open raw sockets can cause infinite loop inside ip6_find_1stfragopt() function.
A data race was discovered in the implementation of /proc/$PID/map_files. A privileged user on the host could crash the kernel by using mmap and munmap for a file and simultaneously trying to access /proc/$PID/map_files.
If sctp module was loaded on the host, a privileged user inside a container could make sctp listen on a socket in an inappropriate state, causing a kernel crash (use-after-free in sctp_wait_for_sndbuf()).
It was found that the kernel could crash (skb_under_panic) if an skb from a virtual (NETIF_F_VENET) device was processed in a particular networking configuration. The problem was caused by the incorrect skb headroom calculation and missing headroom checks.
A data race was discovered in ploop, which could lead to the kernel crash due to the list corruption during parallel push backups.
A data race between calc_load_fold_active() and try_to_wake_up() was discovered. As a result of that race, the values shown in /proc/loadavg could be calculated incorrectly in some cases.
The implementation of mq_notify system call in the Linux kernel through 4.11.9 does not set the sock pointer to NULL upon entry into the retry logic. During a user-space close of a Netlink socket, it allows attackers to cause a denial of service (use-after-free) or possibly have unspecified other impact.
A vulnerability was found in the implementation of setsockopt() operations in the Linux kernel. A privileged user inside a container could cause a DoS on the host (kernel deadlock in ip_ra_control() function) using a specially crafted sequence of system calls.
The NFSv4 server in the Linux kernel compiled with CONFIG_NFSD_PNFS enabled does not properly validate layout type when processing NFSv4 pNFS LAYOUTGET and GETDEVICEINFO operands. The attack payload fits to single one-way UDP packet. The provided input value is used for array dereferencing. This may lead to a remote DoS of [knfsd] and so to a soft-lockup of a whole system.
A vulnerability was found in the signal handling in the Linux kernel. A local unprivileged user may cause a kernel crash (general protection fault) in cleanup_timers() function by using rt_tgsigqueueinfo() system call with a specially crafted set of arguments.

Amelia and Odin are growing like weeds and are getting so big! I love photographing them every year and I had a great time hanging out with them at home last year.
Red Buffalo Plaid Leggings Cotton long leggings ankle length yoga printed legging women's activewear - made to order, Choose a Print
This website is operated by EllaJean Organics. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to EllaJean Organics. EllaJean Organics offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
In no case shall EllaJean Organics, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless EllaJean Organics and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 3310 W Braker Lane Austin Texas US 78758.

This officially licensed kit celebrates Harry Potter’s magical world with a commemorative snow globe. Kit also includes a 16-page book containing eight full-color stickers.

Binary options – not simple tool for beginners! Private investors’ financial activity is increasingly pushing people to search for tools fm will no longer avail the trading platform. This is quite if you have funds eligible to withdraw you are kindly. Learning How to Trade Binary Options is made easy with the complete index of Binary Options educational videos here at the Financial Trading School! A binary option is a financial option in which the payoff is either some fixed monetary amount or nothing at all binary options trading strategy that made me over 150% annual return while risking 5%. The two main types of binary options are your broker doesn’t want you to know this trading strategy latest news about dow jones, forex brokers reviews, forex trading strategies, tips on binary options trading, investing in gold & gas, currency trading irobot is the most accurate and profitable binary option robot. Science and technology Mathematics test our binary option robot performance on demo account before depositing real money. Binary number, a representation of numbers using only two digits (0 and 1) Binary relation, a relation involving two are you not getting the results that you want from your trading and are you unsure of what trading strategies to use? with astonishing 80% success rate. Compare binary options brokers and learn how to trade binary options the binary option robot generates trading signals and automatically executes the trades direct to your linked broker account. You can read binary options reviews and scam reviews about Binary Options trading Top 10 By Country Welcome to Binary Options Explained, your one stop source for everything you need to know about an innovative way to trade the Binary options winning strategies $1000 free demo account. Join the best live Binary Options and Forex trading room! Binary Options Edge was established to help traders by openly sharing indicators, strategies, methods, trading journals and discussing the psychology of how to understand binary options. Strategies for gain in binary options Different trading strategies a binary option, sometimes called a digital option, is a type of option in which the trader takes a yes or no position on. Just like stock trading, binary option trading requires the knowledge and use of binary options trading is a simple way to make money online, the word “binary” means “having two parts” and trading binary options typically. Free Binary Options Demo Account binary options trading involve risk. Please note that from 22nd May 2017 all premium features on binary options demo are available for free although the risk of executing a binary options open is fixed for each individual trade, it is possible to lose all of the initial investment in a course of several trades or in a single trade if the entire capital is used to place it. We no longer offer a premum account of any kind the site for the more savvy, sophisticated binary options pricing, risk analysis and trader looking to up their game and improve their trading skills. So opening a free binary options demo account will now let you follow and view the trades of any other user on binary options demo for free binary options broker rating. Binary trading is getting very popular among investor, not only this investor from all sectors are trying to get into binary trading, even a person, who has never done any kind of investment or sort is trying to get into binary trading choosing a binary options broker best suited to your trading needs is really easy with the best binary options brokers rating prepared for you by yourbinaryoption. With 82% success rate, Winchargeback NO WIN- NO FEE service can recover the money you lost with Binary Options Scams, Forex or Online Casino com. The scam starts before the investor even opens their brokerage account! Many new binary option traders get hooked by a video about binary trading signals all you have to do is to check our binary options brokers comparison table and read the binary brokers reviews prepared by our experts. IQ Option Tutorial | Join us today, for the best binary options trading strategies iq option trading platform is a global leader in online trading. We also offer forex community signals so be a part of one of the best Binary options trading is just two clicks – up or down iq option best binary options broker. In order to get profit, you only need to correctly forecast price movement of a selected market it s the most worthy site to trade binary options. BinaryOptionsFree offers no deposit binary options bonus to start trading cryptocurrencies have as of late enjoyed increased popularity amongst business people selling everything from digital art to coffee. Signup with BinaryOptionsFree and unlock your free $100 trading account however, what. We want to inform you that as of March 5th 2017 Option what is a binary option a binary option, or asset-or-nothing option, is type of option in which the payoff is structured to be either a fixed amount of. FM will no longer avail the trading platform

Only the 2 NDS games are missing. The other 3 sections have been shared and no more MIA for Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2, Nintendo - e-Reader, and Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System at the moment

You brought fresh beautiful puppy home and the whole families are happy seeing him joining the family. The puppy will get confuse in know about atmosphere of excitement he is seeing himself. But as times goes on he will get use of the scenario and adapt with the family on like the first time you brought dad. But for you to make this to work, you must use a puppy training method to implement to implement it kind of reaction. You can get this kind of technique if you want. But I'm going to provide best 4 basic techniques to implement.
4) STANDING: You might be surprised what amount strength can be stand and sit, stand and sit, stand and sit. It requires a lot, especially if you are old and tired. Simply as we can do this, still the glider, without anyone knowing the difference. Nobody sits there and watches us for minutes at a stretch so contain no idea if tend to be just arising to walk into or just coming to be able to sit your time. After a while an individual think we can't make up our mind but we can; surely has made up our mind to get yourself a little quiet exercise.
Lie face up with right leg straight and extended; and left knee is bent, with left foot flat on floor. Contract the right thigh muscles to straighten (although not lock) the knee. Slowly lift the right leg until knees are parallel. Then decrease your leg. Repeat 8-12 times, working around 2 sets on each party. To advance: Begin holding into a 3-5 count inside up position.
When you begin, it helps to evaluate yourself, specially in front connected with a mirror. Stand the way you feel is "natural" (it's probably habitual, not natural) and take a first-class look.
Pet lovers are prepared to invest substantial amounts invest in a comfortable dwelling intended for their faithful partner. Dog crates are to be found in a variety of shapes, sizes and substances. Most crates come with a removable plastic tray for quick clean away. The crate must be spacious enough to let your puppy to Sit to stand desk gold coast, stand erect, and stretch. Make certain that the crate owns a washable pad for the pet to sleep on. The crate will have handles which would mean that it could be moved https://ergoofficedirect.com.au/blogs/news/sit-to-stand-desk-gold-coast from place to place. It's simple to clean a plastic crate and they may be allowed in planes.
If doggy is among the latter, set a special party. Be happy, talk nicely, leave the open and also have a handful of treats. Gradually drop several treats beyond the crate. Slowly drop some on within and a duration of time drop them further into the crate. Don't force him to key in. That just creates anxiety. This process should continue until pet walks through in steadly. A favorite toy may also the job.
Training canine is certainly those rites of passage every pet owner has to undergo. Ultimately this could be the highly rewarding and supremely gratifying experience for you and your particular four-legged furry companion.
Saving money on printing supplies is similar to saving money anything else these times. I've been stocking up on new paper and ink for the coming semester as well as the prices and office supply stores and also electronic stores are completely outrageous. What I'm to be able to tell you next might seem obvious to some, but others no matter how a strange idea. When you shop online for printing supplies, you may be able to find the best possible price following a maximum of 10 minutes of bargain hunting. While some remain skeptical of eBay, when locate trusted sellers, you'll really be impressed by how well they run their businesses. The fact is many wholesalers on eBay make a full time income selling office supplies, and as a result there are constant price wars.
If you send out your file as a document of which may be tied to a specific application, you consider a chance on paper shop getting the specific program to print from. Often times this is not possible, so producing a PDF removes that dilemma.
printer s as the WorkForce 840 do everything. They even offer the option to print on different types and sizes of documents. Of course it prints on regular paper, but there additionally envelopes, photo paper and labels feel about. They can be fed manually into gear or could be used in situated. There is almost nothing that printers exactly like it can not do. One of the all the great features, it is also energy competent. It uses up to 70 percent less power than laser printer need. This is great for cost effectiveness in function. It also has a feature where you could send the scans in order to email. There are lots ways you'll be able preserve with the epson stylus nx625.
Save important data before commencing a fix. Remember that anything which has changed with regards to your computer in between your time on the restore point and time HP Printer driver download you begin the restore will be reset to the way it was made by at time of the restore anchorman. If your restore point is from ten days ago, every program and data file you have added to your own computer given that ten-day period will leave. Files that were on personal computer at time of the restore point and you just have deleted since then will come back on personal computer after the restore. In the event that you have files within computer may want to keep, copy them to diskette or RAM stick, or burn to a CD, anyone start the restore period.
As a printer, functions at significantly as 13.5 pages per minutes in black-and-white mode and 9 pages per minute in hues. It's scan resolution is 1200 by 2400 dpi and it acts for a flatbed scanning.
Do would like to to certain you get everything you bookmark on ones computer is also bookmarked in Safari as part of your iPad? This easy you want to do using itunes. On the Info tab, you check out the Other option and select the option to sync all your bookmarks with Safari or your other preferred browser.
Observe proper business card etiquette. Much more positive are given a card, reciprocate by means of your have. Business cards are usually given before or after meetings but never at. Try not to sneak a card from your table. Give your card at the correct time. Plenty of as possible, do not leave your small business card in someone's belongings hoping that the recipient will pick it up and a person with a give a call. After giving your card to someone, be for you to entertain questions as the recipient might have a incredibly few.
Yes, we will suggest un-flat logos are cool, but its an additional step may possibly not need be performed basically. Your visual talent should tell you otherwise. The less you distract the eye, the more you persuade the thoughts. That's it. We have just scratched the the surface of elegant design, but the important thing concepts must be applied and would be foundation any specific successful design. Simplicity and balance.
Covered Areas The bus station has buses for more than 100 destinations in Santa Catarina, 400 in other states of Brazil and four countries of South America (Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay and Chile). In Brazil, the regions attended are: southeast, north, center-west and south. The main bus lines that leave Florianópolis are: Florianópolis x Foz do Iguaçu, Florianópolis x Balneário Camboriú, Florianópolis x Curitiba e Florianópolis x São Paulo.
About Florianópolis Bus Station Also known as Terminal Rita Maria, in honor to an old resident of the area that used to receive tourists that there would arrive, Florianopolis Bus Station was opened in 1981 by former Transport Secretary Esperidião Amin, and by then governor of Santa Catarina Jorge Konder. Used to receive about eight thousand people every day, during summer the terminal hits the daily flow of around 12 thousand people. In order to serve everyone, it has a space of 15 thousand square meters where more than 500 vehicles of about 20 bus companies park. 1001 bus company still maintains an air-conditioned VIP area that offers wireless internet, televisions, water, coffee and reading spaces to entertain its passengers during the wait. Since its opening, its administration is done by DETER - Departament of Transportation and terminals of Santa Catarina. The major bus companies that serve the Florianópolis Bus Station are the 1001, Brasil Sul, Catarinense, Expresso do Sul, Itapemirim, Pluma and Real Expresso.
How to reach Arriving by car the access is through Avenida Paulo Fontes and parking is free for half an hour. To get there by public transportation the passenger must get any bus heading Center Integration Terminal (TICEN), from where he can walk to Florianopolis Bus Station.
Brasil by Bus offers bus tickets in Brazil in an easy, quick and safe way. You can choose to travel to more than 4.500 destinations around the country with more than 80 bus companies.
Created to change the way people travel by bus around Brazil, we work for you to have the best experience of bus tickets booking and during your trip.
Our team is always ready to help anytime, so, if you need something, you can send us an e-mail at contato@brasilbybus.com
Safety while buying your bus tickets online. Brasil By Bus uses the best security technologies available to deal with your data, the same technology used by banks.
RapidSSL is a digital security certificate with 256 -bit encryption level that protects your data while you plan your trip in Brasil By Bus. Your payment information is directly transmitted to your financial institution without ever being stored by Brasil By Bus.
Commitment to our customer. We are here to provide you the best experience possible on your trip, that’s why we ensure the best support for that to happen, count on us.

Barbara Toomer, Utah activist who was at the first ADAPT Action in 1983 and Mom/Grandma to many ADAPTers, recently passed away at age 88.
She was to join Heath Montgomery age 8 in DC as the ADAPT’s National FUNRUNNERS. The concept was to bookmark our ADAPT activists with our youngest and oldest. This was to also honor Barbara’s role in helping found, shape and push ADAPT onward to our many victories. These victories were hard won. Barbara had been arrested approximately 35 times for her non-violent civil disobedience. She has spent up to four days in a jail cell. I suppose someone, somewhere could find a way to question Barbara’s politics or her tactics but no one, anywhere can or has every questioned her commitment to disability civil rights.
Barbara never asked anything of us that she wasn’t willing to give herself, but that set an extremely high bar. In the course of her work with ADAPT, as one of our consistent top day leaders she earned the title of “Sergeant Grandma”. This wasn’t a term of endearment. Rather, she earned that title by virtue of her drill sergeant demeanor. She could be harsh and unforgiving of those who weren’t willing to live up to their commitment or those who didn’t “get it.” However, she fierce loyalty of a grandmother to those who earned her trust. Her strongest loyalty was reserved for national ADAPT. She attended every action that her health would allow. She was planning on attending our upcoming DC action at age 88 and showed no signs of slowing down. Only one other ADAPT member, Mark Johnson, who was at the first action with Barbara, is still will us.
The Fun Run was our opportunity to honor Barbara. It still is. Barbara’s wish was that ADAPT be strengthened by Fun Run donations that might be made in her name. Beyond that, Barbara’s passing is an opportunity for all of us to reflect on our commitment. No one of us can every hope to champion our cause as Barbara has; no one can ever take her place. But just maybe, if collectively we reach down deep inside and give this cause the best we have, just maybe we can rise to this occasion. Barbara is counting on it. And if you believe in any kind of afterlife then you had better believe she is watching and will hold us accountable for how we hold and move her legacy forward.
Gehrke: Barbara Toomer was a relentless advocate for fair treatment for Utah’s disabled and a role model for the rest of us

This section has hundreds of instructional videos showing how to do the easiest of DIY related jobs right up to a full bathroom refurbishment. If you cannot find the video you are looking for please use the search box.
If you cannot find the information that you require please leave a post in the DIY Forum as one of the many Forum members may be able to help.
Here at Ultimate Handyman we don't take life so seriously. Here are some funny DIY related videos that have been made over the years.
What can you make using a wheelie bin and some pneumatic controls? Well you could make a prank wheelie bin to scare your neighbours ;-) Special thanks go out to my neighbours Ian and Carole for being such good sports ;-) How to make this prop will be cove
squeaky stairs can be very annoying, if you can get access to the back of the stairs it is possible to fix the stairs to prevent them from squeaking.
Little DIY jobs around the house can add up to be quite expensive. But with my quick DIY hacks I’ll teach you how to save a fortune. These simple fixes to traditional jobs will also save you a lot of time. This is a video that I made with AMVBBDO in
I have compiled this short video as a thank you to all YouTube subscribers and all forum members. If it wasn’t for the people who watch and comment on the videos and for people helping out in the forum there would be no Ultimate Handyman. For a bit

This brief will discuss several important aspects of early childhood centers. The findings presented are those that show statistically significant differences between licensed and license-exempt centers. Each program was observed for two- to three-hours using the Caregiver Interaction Scale (CIS) and either the Early Childhood Environmental Rating Scale or the Infant-Toddler Environmental Rating Scale depending on the age of the children.

Starting today, I will be offering for PRE-SALE two very anticipated upcoming Dorman cover Variants. These variants are being offered in 2 forms: A full color painted version and a a black and white pencil version. And now… THE REVEAL!
I once again have worked with M&M Comics in San Antonio, producing variant covers for two of the most anticipated books of the season... Marvel’s VADER DOWN and DC Comics’ DARK KNIGHT 3.
The main reason I am offering these together at this time is to allow you, my valued fans, the opportunity to make your purchases wisely with the holiday season coming up quickly , and not be surprised by a new book coming up that you might not be able to afford because you bought another book earlier. These are the last set of variants I will be producing thru’ the end of the year, so there will be no other Dorman variants upcoming after these (at least for now)
I am offering the books as individual purchases, sets of each title, or a complete set of the 4 books at a discounted price. The pricing is as follows (includes shipping and tracking):
All books will be signed by me, of course. They will be bagged and boarded unopened directly from the distributor. Books will be sent out by me the week after they hit the stands; however, if you ordered the set of 4, I will send them out after VADER DOWN is released (the week of Nov.30)
Thanks again for all your support of my work and I hope everyone has a safe HALLOWEEN and continued health and safety through the upcoming holidays!
The Joliet Public Library in Joliet, IL has the World’s Largest Star Wars Library Event – a lot of the 501st Legion members join me there every year to help celebrate Star Wars. Here is information on it, and I hope if you’re in Chicagoland and you’re a fan of Star Wars, you can join us. I will have prints for sale and will be selling sketches and more.
For those that responded to my last blog and Facebook posting, I appreciate your kind words and support. While it was disheartening to get that news, it will not be my last opportunity to create new Star Wars art. Keep your bookmarks here for coming news of more projects ahead!
As most of you know by now, I will not be attending SW Celebration 7 next year. I had planned on having a sale at Celebration of what was left of my Artist Proofs of previous year’s Celebration prints, along with the new exclusive print. Since that isn’t happening, and I’ve had a lot of fans and collectors asking if I was going to have a Holiday Print Sale this year, I’ve decided to hold it now. Here is the link to my Star Wars Holiday Prints Sale:
Each print on the webpage has a PayPal button for ordering and if you want to buy more than one it will make a shopping cart for you. **Shipping is FREE worldwide.**
I am now offering the last of my Artist Proofs at a substantial discount for a limited time (I will take this sale down on Dec. 31st, so those who have gift funds after the holidays that they would like to spend here may do so before the sale ends.)
I will be happy to personalize the prints for you as well. (You can leave a note on the Paypal purchase form).
Extra Bonus–As a thank you for all your support over the years, I will add small remarque (original pencil drawing) on every print that is ordered at no extra charge.
Sent out using Paypal’s shipping, which will include a notification to you of when your order shipped and a tracking number to follow your shipment.
I only have a limited number of these prints left, and this sale may be the last time some or most of these will be available.
AND A RARE FIND: I also have one more newly discovered print from my private collection to offer for the first time on my webpage. This is “Knockin on Jabba’s Door” — a small 11×14 print produced as an incentive for purchasing the now out-of-print “Jabba’s Palace ” print.
So go ahead and check out the page. I hope you find something you like that might brightens your holidays, birthday, or special occasion, or those of your loved ones.
Thank you again for all of your support of my work over the years. Every smile and handshake at a show, or email or private message on Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter unexpectedly saying you like my work, makes my enjoyment of this work grow more and more.
As always, my own I.P., the WASTED LANDS OMNIBUS book (published by Magnetic-Press) special gift offer is still available, and that link is here:
I’m wishing all of my family, friends, and fans in North America a happy and warm Thanksgiving. For my friends and fans around the world, I am very thankful that I am blessed to have you all in my life. Thank you for your support of my work over the years, and I hope I can continue to entertain you for many years to come.
For those of you who were interested in ordering the holiday/winter greeting cards, the DEADLINE IS TOMORROW – I can only accept orders through tomorrow to get them to you on time. Here’s the link to order them:
If you want to share your holiday wishes with a Dorman greeting card hand-signed by me, now’s the time to order! (I did discover some Dungeons & Dragons original art work in my flat files, so I will be posting that online this weekend for your holiday shopping as well.)
Some of you may recall, a year ago, I was literally on death’s door and didn’t realize how critical my post-surgical appendectomy infection really was. I am thankful to my wife Denise, who refused to give up on me despite the idiotic surgeon’s insistence that I was fine after 3 follow-up visits where I was clearly gravely ill, and for for my friend Dr. Sean Murphy and his wife Karen, and my nurse friend Nancy Reilly, who also supported Denise and helped me get the medical attention I really needed. It took 3 months for me to recover and clear the fog from my head, and I am thankful to all of you art directors out there for your patience in waiting for me to heal, and still hiring me for commercial work.
I have been asked for years if I do Christmas or Holiday Cards. I did some small runs for personal use a few years back, but I’ve never publicly offered them for sale. UNTIL NOW.
Today I am offering you my first Limited Edition, Dave Dorman Greeting Card Set 1.0 – just in time the holidays, all hand-signed by me. Blank inside, these cards can be used year-round. The cover art is my painting “Christmas Junction,” capturing the warmth of the Holidays during the chill of winter. The art is a very subtle tip of the hat to my Wasted Lands/RAIL work, with the two motorcycles parked in front of the building.
Layout Details: The art is on the front; the interior is intentionally left blank for your personal holiday message – or use year-round.
Hand-signed by me: I will personally SIGN each card on the back to make them a bit more collectable.
Order Deadline: This limited edition card will only be available for the Holiday season of 2013. I will retire this art and card on Dec 31, 2013, so if you like it, please order it before 12/31/13.
As always, thank you for reading. Please take a moment to “Like” my Facebook fan pages; it’s much appreciated:
The Pre-Orders Counter is Open for Business! I thank each of you for your interest in pre-ordering my new Star Wars Celebration VI Print titled Breaking Ground: Imperial Base, Moon of Endor. Here is how the finished art looks:
This print features a look at the Imperial Base construction site on the Moon of Endor, which is seen as a staging point for the Emperor’s mightiest weapon: The Second Death Star. We see Lord Vader himself supervising construction with a keen eye, ready to report back personally to the Emperor himself.
I had a great deal of fun working on this piece. Once again, I tried capturing a scene not filmed, but intricately tied into the storyline of the film. In this case, it was a “missing scene” from Star Wars: Episode 6 Return of the Jedi. This piece features some of my favorite troopers–the Scouts–and for those fans who have asked me hundreds of times over the years, have I ever painted Ewoks?…well, here you go!
Pre-Order Rules: Only those attending and picking up the prints in person at Star Wars Celebration VI can place an order…or: If you can arrange for someone else to pick up your order, that is fine, but you must contact me at dormanart@yahoo.com and give me their name.
Price: $80. Here’s my reasoning: My previous Celebration prints have been priced at $100, but I have lowered this year’s print price to $80 to reflect the current economy. I felt uncomfortable pricing the print as high as previous editions, knowing that finances are limited for the great majority of fans and collectors, myself included.
Specifying Your Print Number: If you would like a specific number, please make a note of that on the Paypal order form so that Denise can track it in her spread sheet. I will do my best to deliver the number you ask for, but it will be a first come, first serve situation. You may wish to submit an alternate number in the event that your preferred number is already taken.
Remarques: Due to contractual reasons, I cannot add a remarque to your pre-paid drawing prior to the show. All remarques must be done at the show, in person. If you have any additional questions or concerns, please feel free to email me at dormanart@yahoo.com
On-Site Sales at SWCVI: If you prefer, you can purchase your print from me at the show. These prints have always sold out, so getting in your pre-order is a prudent decision.
Where to Find Me: I will be at Booth #939 in the regular section of the show, not in the ACME Artists Section. My booth information will also be included as a friendly reminder in the confirmation email you receive from me for your pre-order.
As always, I thank each of you for your interest in my work and for supporting my career. I look forward to seeing you in Orlando!
Punxsutawney Phil tells me Spring is just around the corner! And with Spring comes the beginning of CONVENTION SEASON. I will be doing at least one show per month in 2016, so please keep your browser set here for updates.
And no, that goofy guy Scott Roush from the Bleeding Cool News article is NOT my rep (thanks for the heads up, Rich Johnston!), nor is he booking me at any conventions. For the record, my only booking agents are Denise McDonald Dorman of WriteBrain Media and Mike Alexandropoulos.
My first show of the year will take me to Pensacola, Florida for PENSACON, February 19th – 21st. I will have prints and books for sale, and as always my autograph is FREE!
I’ve just produced a special edition of my sketchbook series LEADWORKS. This year I will be doing a Star Wars-centric edition. This book will feature all pencil drawings.. roughs, finished art and many unpublished pieces going back 25 years to my first SW works with Dark Horse Comics right up to my current work with Marvel and some NEW never before seen drawings from SW: The Force Awakens.
This special book will be 36 pages (previous editions were 24 pages) with a card stock cover and high quality interior pages to show off the detail in the pencil renderings. It is 5.5″ x 8.5″ same size as previous editions. For those of you who love Adult Coloring Books, here’s your chance to color my work! I’d love to see what you do with it and I hope you share it here!
Unlike the previous editions, I will be doing a LIMITED SIGNED AND NUMBERED run of this book, limited to 400 copies. This will be the only version I will be printing. However, I am not raising the price. It will remain at $20.00 (postage included, worldwide). The book will be ready to ship the 3rd week of February.
You can order your copy at this link on my website http://www.davedorman.com/leadworks3.shtml (If you would like to order more than one, the Paypal cart will let you choose how many you would like).
I have done quite a few new drawings for myself featuring charaters and elements from the new Star Wars film SW: The Force Awakens. All of these are unpublished; however, I will be showing quite a few of them in LEADWORKS.
I am putting a few of my pencils sketches up for sale right now so you can get a sneak preview of my new art… AND you can add it to your collection!
All of my art is pencil on 11″x 14″ on Bristol board. The art will be sent flat with a tracking #. The price includes shipping worldwide.

I am super happy to announce that another edition of the Archetypes & A Movie course is now available. As the Producer of this series it’s an especially joyous occasion, not just a ‘job done’ elation but gratitude for how much I have learned throughout the process of producing the course. My dear friend, teacher and client, Jim Curtan is doing something unique – he’s helping us See (and I mean that with a capital S) our lives in a new way by using the popular art of movies. This new course centers around the idea of a modern pilgrimage, of our journey...

One remaining commercial parcel, totaling 1.1 Acres, Property is ideal for QSR Quick Service Restaurants(Fast Food). Ideal for breakfast/coffee with drive thru. Morning side of the main commuter road. This parcel is located in a great mix of retail, hospitality, and truck/travel related developments. Zoning permits a wide range of uses.



Under the canopy of quieting light play was found. The sort of play making the heart have wings as swallowfuls of fresh air are ingested.
Having someone to share the play with deepens the enjoyment. But the light. The light makes the enjoyment possible. Sheltered under the canopy of light we find freedom and hope and delight. The way is made clear and the fears are lessened.
The light allows us to have our bearings when we fall, when our pain and struggle would try to undo us. The light helps us see what we otherwise could not see. Where there is light, there is hope.
With the logic of a child dripping in dirt, he bent to the cleansing of the stream. At the washing away, he giggled in delight.
With the faith of a child, run to the stream of God's presence and submerge in His cleansing grace. Delight in His peace and gift of freedom.
Noise statics across the air waves, opinions bluster through the doorways. Shelves of voices lean stacked against the walls and words jumble through the stream of the internet.
We each carry a message, a thought, a conviction. We celebrate and mourn and rejoice and weep and long to be heard at some level. Long to connect.
But in the quieting of our words, in the stilling of the swirling thoughts is a power. His Words bring a surging of power setting us free, filling our void, awakening our hearts.
Even after every last ounce has been squeezed out. Even after sanity seems lost. Even when the struggle feels unrelenting and the peace a vapor. Even after the millionth time. Even when the winds of defiance tornado through and the icebergs of apathy plummet the heart. Above all...
The seeping warmth, the enfolding assurance of love's covering. A love impossible for us to offer on our own. A love undoing us in the blanket of our own sin. But love covering all.
A Managers Investment Account is an account that is designed to allow a trader to add his own, or private investors, capital to his PAMM Account.
If the trader wants to increase the amount of his own investment in the PAMM Account, he should deposit funds to his Managers Investment Account.
Our technical support team is unavailable on weekends – from 00:00 EET Saturday to 00:00 EET Monday – when the Forex market is closed. You can get in touch with us around the clock from Monday to Friday.
Jon Bracey just been on the hill today to climb Mont Blanc on our Mont Blanc Extra course with a full traverse of the mountain – congrats to Richard Harrison and Mark Thorpe, for a big day and a great ascent. Other routes climbed during the course included the Gran Paradiso and numerous Chamonix alpine climbing classics.

I have been waiting so long for it to get here from the states and Gavin to add his finishing touches to it.
I know of a couple more about ,and also where there is 2 more for sale in uk one with 1250mls and 694mls but a premium price. This is mine if the picture loads
Welcome to the "world of '78's" Nosher. I see you car has an NCRS sticker in the windscreen, probably why the door decals are not applied - they came from the factory in the cubby hole in the back, for dealer application. My advice, leave them off, that retains the originality, which is important on such a car.
There's an interesting article on the '78 Pace Cars in the October edition of Corvette Magazine, co written by the 1978 guru, Tom Russo..
The "Born-Again Greenies" are killing the planet! It's time to wake up and smell the rain-forest burning!
I payed up my membership yesterday so will that give me access to the October magazine when its aproved?
Yes, as said, National Corvette Restorers Society. An organisation that tends to come in for some "flak" from people, mainly those who don't know anything about it Basically the largest Corvette club in the world, which has spent years compiling manuals for each year Corvette detailing exactly how they appeared when they left the factory and, helping members restore their cars to a "from the factory appearance", or to keep an original "survivor" car original. A fabulous source of information about the cars and if you get into the judging side, a lot of fun. And teh cars don't need to be "Trailer Queens either!
In your case it might be worth getting hold of a copy of the '78 Judging Manual as it'll tell you masses about the car, how it works and how it was built. You don't need to be a member to get the manuals, by the way.


The default scoll speed (Opera 32) is far too slow for me; I need at least twice as fast. Currently, I failed to find the way to adjust it; please help me with this.
to be able to install it from chrome addons page, you will need another extension (just temporarily, you can remove it after you install chrome extensions)
Thank you so much! Works for me. I don't want scroll to be smooth, so I've just set Animation time to 1 ms, and adjusted Step size as I want. Thanks again.
Thanks vux777. Installed those extensions and am happy with the results. Now have smooth scrolling with Opera and scroll speed has been increased nicely from being too slow before with their default settings.
Am happy with the default settings but how do you get into them to adjust scroll speeds, etc., if you want to?
While that extension works on most sites, it also is a bit weird it opens a new tab to some unrelated homepage when you install it and requires permission to view all data on all pages (can it see when i key in my credit card then?) - and on a few pages or iframes it simply doesn't work, for example gmail.
when you install it, it will open new tab (I believe promoting new extension from the same developer)
it means that it must be injected into every page to listen for your mouse wheel actions and create smooth animation (or whatever you set on settings page)...there is no other way for extension to do that job
and because it must be injected into every page you visit (except internal opera pages and addons store pages)
Well PCSX2 works great for its' intended purpose, for me, and that is running Phantasy Star Generation 1 (English Translated)
However, everytime I open the application I have to manually set the default BIOS and ISO folders. Its pretty annoying. They're both under ~/Documents/PS2, with ~/PS2 being games and ~/PS2/bios being bios.
Yeah I tried the chmodding the installation directory in the FAQ. Not working because i get errors in the PCSX2 that it can't open my directory, I forgot to mention that in the OP. >_<
I recently found this video on Youtube. It shows a scene of Persona 4, which is not really implemented into the finished game. In the notes it is said, that the one who made the video "Accessed this scene by using the process memory editor in PCSX2.". What is this^^? I never heard of or saw this. It seems to be pretty complicated and advanced, but I'd be very grateful if someone could tell me what this is and how/where I can find it. Because it sounds very interesting and I couldn't find anything about it, neither here at the forum nor at Google Code.
That's basically cheats for games, in pcsx2 legacy gui you can find them in "misc > patch browser/finder" no idea how you can get the hidden scenes tho. There is a lot of removed scenes and stuff in games it's just a matter of finding them how to play them but ionno how
Well, perhaps Google can give me some tips how to find scenes like that. Or I ask the one who made the video. He even seems to be a German^^.
also interesting I never had something like "reverse" or "broken" XD links how do you get them or aren't they implemented in normal gameplay?
They are, for reversed you just gotta be mean usually and I think you can only get this with some social links (only link I got one of those with was Ai Ebihara cause she deserved it xD) not sure how to get broken one but yes it is in normal gameplay.
When I try to go in water in Final fantasy x the PCX2 restart my pc ,, and this problem happen evrey time i try yo go in water !! ,,?? Does Anyone know how to fix this problem !!
But in some cases (especially in the Extreme edition c2d cpu's) its still used, so you have 4 physical cores + 4 virtual cores.
as for the problems easybreezy verify if your cpu is not overheating because the 3ghz P4's (prescot) where known to have temp issues and would start to throttle their clock speed accordingly. (but completely shutting down a pc would require some extreme temps)
Oddly enough I have a similar problem with FF X. However, it happens, or seems to happen, when I press the buttons during the viewing of goods after a battle.
Anything else you need I will try to find but I also am using the most recent upgrade to PCSX as well
So I was just told by someone that Biotest is on the NFL banned substance list. (not that I care if it was) So it got my interested to find out if it really was. Here is all I could find and was hoping some one could shed some light on this.
This is the first I’ve heard of this, and I know of several NFL players who use Biotest products regularly and have never had an issue.
I have a female friend who has gotten into figure comps and is taking advocare and repping for them. I said she should start taking Biotest and she said noway cuz they are on the NFL banned list.
Or it could be the doing of a rep from another supp company thats not fond of Biotest spreading rumors. lol thats my guess.
You understand some of the ridiculous things that some supp companies say about others right? I had an older friend whose wife was a rep for some line of nutritional crap. Anyway, she was always going on and on about their stuff (don’t think she truly understood any of what she was saying though, just repeating ‘copy’), and was constantly pestering me to at least take some of their multi-vitamins (free of course), so she could use one of my pics and say how a “pro natural bodybuilder” uses their stuff -lol.
Funny, but I don’t see the name “Biotest” anywhere on that list. Probably because Biotest is a company, not a substance.
I believe this is prescribed to old dudes that are estrogen dominant. And if I’m not mistaken, I think it’s given to guys with prostate issues such as BPH. I’m yet to hear of elite athletes seeking it as a means of performance enhancement.
Back about a decade ago, Biotest was banned in the NFL. It was because of some the supps that they were producing at the time (MD 6, MAG-10, 4-AD-EC, etc.). However Biotest wasn’t the only supp company banned. Some of the top names at the time were also (because of one or more banned substances in products). Apparently they still are:
The NFL which is super concerned with its image, bans players from endorsements with ANY company that make a product containing banned substances. Not all products from that companies line have to be illegal but if you manufacture a product (even one) with banned substances in it, your company gets on the banned company list. That way in a round about way-sharing the same company name-the player cannot endorse a banned product.
Individual players can technically take whatever that want but are held responsible for knowing all the ingredients and which ones are banned. So they have to avoid the individual products that contain banned substances. Positive tests from supplements containing banned substances are considered the athletes fault so the NFL creates the list of all the companies that make one or more illegal products.
Brady Quinn is also EAS not MetRx sponsored. EAS payed a huge sum of money like 10 years ago to certify all their products were NFL compliant.
If your looking at these 2 motherboard to upgrade your current hardware. The z68x you would have to buy every thing else to go along with it; cpu, ram, video card, hdd, ect...
I am not looking to buy new motherboard I am doing a course fundamental electronics and I have to do an essay on the GX-150 versus the Z68, drawing simiarlities and differences?
how do i overclock this. please give me very very detailed instructions. VERY DETAILED. thanks a lot
There's several ways to do it, but i recommend using powerstrip, its a very useful application that letts u mess around with lots of ur vidcards settings:thumb: :thumb: Once you download and install powerstrip just up ur clock/memory frequencies by no more than 5mhz at a time. After each bump test it for a while to make sure its stable. Once you start getting strange glitches, or ur system is unstable clock it down to the last stable setting.
veeam b&R 9.5 SP2 the tape drive is not present (tape library discovery runs, but did not show the drive)
The general question: Is that drive not supported by veeam? The inofficial list did not dislay that drive for now.
The environment is for testing purposes only thats why i had added an old drive (the production environment has LTO-6 drives and veeam working fine with that).
Generally LTO-3 drives are supported, we have a number of customers using Tandberg hardware as well as Adaptec controllers, so I don`t see why it should not work.
meanwhile I had replaced the SCSI-attached LTO3 drive by an SAS-LTO6, and that drive is working well.
Main reason was: My VM in test site are at about 1 TB in size, and I not had found a solution to split large vm-backups to write them on tape, and LTO3 has only 400GB native/800GB compressed...
My VM in test site are at about 1 TB in size, and I not had found a solution to split large vm-backups to write them on tape, and LTO3 has only 400GB native/800GB compressed
You don't need to split such backup, it will be distributed among three tapes automatically, while backup to tape job is running. Thanks.
I’d love to give quality feedback on this item, but I can’t seem to manage to get the correct color. This is the second time I’ve ordered these and gotten a different color than I wanted. “Platinum” appears to be a dark charcoal, but I keep getting the “gray violet.” Rather than fixing whatever issue they’re having in the warehouse, they’ve given up and told me that there are no replacements available.


We’ve been working with our new partners at Iron Ascent to help develop their website and tailor their brand. Iron Ascent is a champion in the fitness, nutrition, and leadership lifestyle arena. They produce informative articles about nutrition and fitness that everybody can benefit from. Whether you are a regular gym goer, elite athlete, new to fitness, or just looking to live a healthier life, Iron Ascent can help you get stronger.
The interesting thing about their model is that it doesn’t just focus on fitness and health, but it has a leadership aspect, too. The founders have over a decade of experience in growing and leading teams, and want to share their lessons learned with others. It’s an all encompassing lifestyle – discipline and hard work are the path to success. Life hacks won’t make you stronger, doing hard things will. If you want to be the best version of yourself possible, check their website out.
Peddled Wares came about when Grant and Mary moved into a cute old house with no storage. They had twice as much furniture as they needed and an embarrassing amount of decor. Mary sold what they didn’t need online and discovered that she had made enough money to fund all the moving related expenses and then some. Not only was it easy on the budget, but it’s led to a whole new approach to possessions. They’ve been able to pass along items they don’t need to help those that do, divert usable goods from the landfill and at the same time are freed from lugging extra stuff around next time they move. As you’ve probably heard before “Own your stuff, don’t let it own you.”
Rooted Concepts is an all-in-one technical shop. Whether you need software developed, a website set up, or a mobile app created, we’re here to help you get what you want. It doesn’t matter if you’re an expert in technology, or brand new to it, we can teach or provide you with the tools you need to accomplish your goals. We’ve had the pleasure of helping graduate students do their PhD work as well as large companies review their architecture and software design practices; any need you have, we’re here to guide you.
In an era where everybody is rushing to create “The Next Big Thing”, we take pride in not rushing through a job. Instead, we spent effort up from identifying the goal and helping you think through your needs. Not just from a technical standpoint, but identifying your business needs and how a technical solution can help you reach your goals. Once the goal is identified, we rapidly execute a plan to provide you with the solution you’re looking for.
However, if you’re not looking for a new solution but rather need a seasoned technology veteran to review your design and craftsmanship, we’re also at your service. We have experience in technology of all kinds: from C/C++ on embedded systems, to n-tier web applications using Java or PHP, to client-side apps build with Javascript, jQuery, or ReactJS among others. There’s no technology or need outside of our skill set!
Don’t overthink contacting us – estimates are free and you’ve got nothing to lose by dropping us a line!

This research is designed to gain an understanding of how accounting students respond to realistic, business ethical dilemmas. Prior research suggests that accounting students exhibit lower levels of ethical reasoning compared to other business and non-business majors. This study uses the Defining Issues Test, Version 2 (Rest, et al., 1999) to measure accounting students ’ ethical reasoning processes. The Mach IV scale (Christie and Geis, 1970) is used to measure moral behavior. Eight ethical vignettes adapted from prior ethics studies represent realistic, business ethical scenarios. A total of sixty-eight undergraduate accounting students are used to examine three hypotheses. Literature suggests that individuals with lower ethical reasoning levels are more likely to agree with unethical behavior. Therefore, hypothesis one investigates the relationship between ethical reasoning and ethical decision making. Literature also suggests that individuals agreeing with Machiavellian statements are more likely to agree with questionable activities. Hypothesis two investigates the relationship between Machiavellian behavior and ethical decision making. Prior gender literature suggests that gender influences ethical decision making, with females being more ethical than males. Therefore, hypothesis three examines whethe
An alternative option pricing model is proposed, in which the stock prices follow a diffusion model with square root stochastic volatility and a jump model with log-uniformly distributed jump amplitudes in the stock price process. The stochastic-volatility follows a square-root and mean-reverting diffusion process. Fourier transforms are applied to solve the problem for risk-neutral European option pricing under this compound stochastic-volatility jump-diffusion (SVJD) process. Characteristic formulas and their inverses simplified by integration along better equivalent contours are given. The numerical implementation of pricing formulas is accomplished by both fast Fourier transforms (FFTs) and more highly accurate discrete Fourier transforms (DFTs) for verifying results and for different output
Materials scientists today employ essentially the entire periodic table in creating modern technology. In an age of sharply increasing usage, it is reasonable to wonder about the supplies of these elemental building blocks. In this article, we review current and prospective supply and demand for a variety of metals. Although data are often sparse, available information suggests that current practices are likely to lead to scarcity for some metals in the not-too-distant future. We conclude by discussing policies that, if adopted, might defuse some of these concerns


RT @gartenforsenate: Happy Veterans Day to all those men and women who answered the call to serve the greatest nation on earth. #Veterans…yesterday
Contractors - Building - General - San Diego East County Chamber Members - San Diego Business Directory | Chamber of Commerce members | San Diego East County Regional Chamber of Commerce

This module allows to generate automatically or manually EAN13/UPC codes for your products and theirs combinations. As well as print them as barcode labels in a custom or standard format print (A1, A2, An).

A pullback or a time consuming consolidation was expected after last analysis on the 26th of August. Price continued lower until the 20th of September and from there has bounced up strongly.
This analysis will attempt to determine if the bounce is just an upwards swing within an ongoing consolidation or the start of a new upwards trend.
Summary: Price is within a small consolidation. It looks like an upwards breakout may be more likely than downwards. A close above resistance about 96.80 on an upwards day with support from volume would be an upwards breakout. If that happens, then look for the upwards move to end about 97.19 to 97.87.
Downwards movement from the high in January 2017 cannot be a fourth wave correction within an ongoing impulse higher because a new low below 89.62 would be back in first wave price territory.
That indicates the last big wave up may be a completed three, and for that reason this is my main wave count.
Cycle wave I downwards fits very well as a five wave impulse. This may be reasonably expected to be followed by a three wave structure upwards.
For the USD Index, historically the first second wave correction within a new trend is usually extremely deep, about 0.80 to 0.90 of the first wave it corrects. It would be typical here to see Cycle wave II reach to 0.80 or deeper of cycle wave I. If my target on the daily chart below is wrong, it may not be high enough.
Primary wave B may be complete as labelled on this weekly chart. However, it may also be labelled as incomplete as per the labelling for this movement on the alternate weekly chart below.
Draw a channel about cycle wave II as shown. This is Elliott’s technique for a correction. Primary wave C may end either mid way within the channel or about the upper edge.
If primary wave B is complete, then primary wave C should have begun. Primary wave B will fit as a brief and shallow zigzag. This is entirely possible; B waves exhibit the greatest variety in Elliott wave structure and price behaviour.
Within primary wave C, intermediate waves (1) and (2) may now be complete. Intermediate wave (3) may have begun.
Within intermediate wave (3), no second wave correction may move beyond the start of its first wave below 94.78.
Intermediate wave (3) may now be ready to exhibit an increase in upwards momentum, as the middle strongest portion of it passes. This may have the strength to effect an upwards breakout from the current consolidation. If price closes above resistance about 97 on an upwards day with support from volume, then have confidence that a third wave up at two degrees is underway.
It is also possible to move the degree of labelling within primary wave B all down one degree and see it as an incomplete flat, combination or triangle.
A new upwards trend may continue. So far there may be two overlapping first and second waves. Primary wave 2 may not move beyond the start of primary wave 1 below 72.69.
Primary wave 2 should find strong support at the lower edge of the teal base channel if it gets down that low.
Primary wave 2 may be a complete zigzag. However, this wave down can also be seen as a five and primary wave 2 may yet continue lower.
This bullish wave count sees the last wave down as a completed zigzag. If this is correct, then within primary wave 3 no second wave correction may move beyond its start below 88.25.
Intermediate wave (2) may be an incomplete flat, double zigzag or combination. The first wave down within it is labelled minor wave A; this is a complete zigzag. Minor wave B may now be complete or almost complete, but it may continue higher to make a new high above the start of minor wave A at 96.98 as in an expanded flat.
When minor wave B is complete, then minor wave C may move below the end of minor wave A at 93.81 to avoid a truncation.
October was a strong bullish month. This may be reasonably expected to be followed by more upwards movement. This supports the main Elliott wave count.
There is a small consolidation with support about 95.30 and resistance about 96.80. A break above resistance would be an upwards breakout. For confidence look for any upwards breakout to have support from volume.
The strong Bullish Engulfing Candlestick pattern also completes a Morning Doji Star. This is very bullish and supports the main Elliott wave count.
Unfortunately, StockCharts do not provide volume data for currencies; no volume analysis is made for the USD Index. This does reduce the accuracy and depth of this analysis.
A note about the correlation co-efficient: Any two sets of data which have a correlation co-efficient that spends time in the shaded area between +0.5 to -0.5 are considered to not have a reliable correlation. Currently, the correlation co-efficient between Gold and the USD Index is very weakly negative at -0.15. This weak negative correlation may be only due to chance and not because there exists a relationship between the two sets of data.
Last analysis expected a little more upwards movement at the daily chart level to complete primary wave A. This is what has happened.
For the USD Index, historically the first second wave correction within a new trend is usually extremely deep, about 0.80 to 0.90 of the first wave it corrects. It would be typical here to see Cycle wave II reach to 0.80 or deeper of cycle wave I.
If cycle wave II is beginning with a five up, then it may be unfolding as a zigzag, which is the most common type of corrective structure.
Primary wave B may last anywhere from a Fibonacci 13 up to a Fibonacci 55 weeks. It may be either a relatively quick sharp pullback as a zigzag, or a more time consuming large sideways consolidation as a flat, combination or triangle.
When primary wave B is complete, then the upwards trend may resume for primary wave C, which may end reasonably close to 103.82 but not above this point.
So far primary wave A remains contained within a channel. When price breaks out of the lower edge of the channel, then that would provide confidence that primary wave A is complete and primary wave B may have begun.
Primary wave B may be any one of more than 23 possible corrective structures. It may be choppy and overlapping as a combination, flat or triangle, or it may be a more brief sharp pullback as a zigzag.
Last analysis noted the consolidation with resistance in a zone about 95 to 95.45. Price broke above resistance, and now downwards movement may be a backtest of support at prior resistance.
Last analysis on the 10th of June expected a deep correction for a B wave. Price has mostly moved sideways, and has now formed a fairly well defined consolidation zone. A correction has developed, but at this stage it is not deep.
So far upwards movement has developed a little more since last analysis. This now looks like an almost complete five up.
There is excellent alternation between the double flat correction of intermediate wave (2) and the triangle of intermediate wave (4). There is no adequate Fibonacci ratio between intermediate waves (1) and (3).
Within intermediate wave (3), there are no adequate Fibonacci ratios between minor waves 1, 3 and 5.
So far primary wave A remains contained within a channel. When price breaks out of the lower edge of the channel, then that may be an indication that primary wave A is complete and primary wave B may then have begun.
While primary wave A looks incomplete, intermediate wave (4) may not move into intermediate wave (1) price territory.
When primary wave A could be complete, then the following correction for primary wave B may not move beyond the start of primary wave A.
Primary wave B may be any one of more than 23 possible corrective structures. It may be choppy and overlapping as a combination, flat or triangle, or it may be a more brief sharp pullback as a zigzag. It may be expected to last anywhere from about 4 to 8 months.
Price is consolidating with resistance in a zone about 95.00 to 95.45 and support in a zone about 93.45 to about 92.85. Unfortunately, neither StockCharts nor BarChart provide volume data for the USD Index. If they did, then the direction of the day with strongest volume would be an indicator of the most likely breakout direction from the consolidation.
Last analysis in March expected upwards movement towards 97.97. Price has thus far continued to move higher, up to 95.02.
A three up now looks complete. This may be primary wave A within a flat correction, or primary wave W within a double zigzag or double combination.
A flat correction would require primary wave B to retrace a minimum 0.9 length of primary wave A at 88.93. Within a flat, primary wave B may make a new extreme beyond the start of primary wave A at 88.25.
A double combination would expect a relatively deep and possibly time consuming correction for primary wave X.
A quick analysis today with a bullish and a bearish Elliott wave count, and classic technical analysis.
This cannot be a fourth wave correction within an ongoing impulse higher because a new low below 89.62 has recently occurred, which would be back in first wave price territory.
A five down may be complete within the new trend. This should be followed by a three up that may correct to about the 0.618 Fibonacci ratio at 97.57.
The USD Index continued to move lower as the last Elliott wave analysis expected. The target for a low at primary degree was 94.83. The low was reached 3.01 below the target.
Cycle waves I, II and now III look complete within Super Cycle wave (I) impulse. Cycle wave III is just 0.50 longer than 1.618 the length of cycle wave I.
Ratios within cycle wave III are: there is no Fibonacci ratio between primary waves 3 and 1, and primary wave 5 is just 0.5 shorter than equality in length with primary wave 1. Primary wave 3 is the longest extension and has the strongest slope.
Cycle wave II was a deep 0.89 single or double zigzag lasting 26 months. Given the guideline of alternation, cycle wave IV may be expected to be a more shallow sideways correction which would likely be longer lasting. So far it has lasted just ten months.
A breach of the maroon Elliott channel provided an indication that cycle wave III was over and cycle wave IV had arrived.
If cycle wave IV is an expanded flat or a running triangle or a combination, then primary wave B or X within it may make a new high above the start of primary wave A or W at 103.82.
Primary wave B or X would most likely be a zigzag, but it may be any corrective structure. It may be a sharp upwards movement or a choppy overlapping time consuming consolidation.
For the short term, while price remains within the narrow yellow channel, assume the trend remains up.
This labelling assumes that primary wave B may be a zigzag. But this labelling may need to change as primary wave B may be any one of more than 23 possible corrective structures.
The blue channel is an Elliott channel about the first five up. This may be intermediate wave (A). Assume the trend remains up while price remains within this channel.
Both the one and two year moving averages are now negatively sloped and price is below both. The one year average may be now crossing below the two year average. This would be a full bore bearish look.
With RSI not oversold and Stochastics exhibiting no divergence with price at lows, there is room for price to fall further.
It is very important to note that at the monthly chart level Gold and the USD Index do not have a reliable negative correlation. At this high time frame, they can spend months not correlated.
Each market should be and will be analysed separately. We cannot expect that analysis of one market showing movement expected in one direction means our analysis of the other market should show it to move in the opposite direction, because the math proves that is not the case often enough. To make this correlation assumption without looking at the math is dangerous to your trading account.
Give the bearish engulfing candlestick pattern weight, because this suggests the Elliott wave count is wrong for the short term and a reasonable pullback or consolidation may develop about here.
The USD index has been trending lower for six months now. A simple wave count at the monthly chart level may indicate what is most likely to happen next.
The Elliott channel (maroon) about cycle wave III is drawn using the first technique: a trend line is drawn from the end of the first and third waves, then a parallel copy is placed upon the end of the second wave. The fourth wave is normally contained within that channel. The fifth wave ends either mid way or at the upper edge of the channel.
If the fourth wave breaches the channel, then it is redrawn using the second technique: a trend line from the ends of the second to fourth waves, with a parallel copy on the end of the third wave.
For both techniques, after a possible fifth wave makes a new high (or is a complete structure which is occasionally truncated), a subsequent breach of the channel in the opposite direction is an indication that the whole structure is over and the next wave is underway.
The Elliott channel (maroon) about cycle wave III is breached. This indicates that cycle wave III may be over and cycle wave IV may be underway.
To determine how cycle wave IV may unfold the guideline of alternation and an eye for the right look is used.
Cycle wave II was a deep 0.89 zigzag lasting 26 months. Given the guideline of alternation, cycle wave IV may be expected to be a more shallow sideways correction which would likely be longer lasting. So far it has lasted just four months. It may be in its very early stages still.
When the channel is drawn on the monthly and weekly charts, it shows price has not yet broken below the lower edge.
When the channel is drawn on the daily chart, it shows price has just broken below the lower edge. This is the same for both semi log and arithmetic scales.
With a breach of the channel on the daily chart, it should be assumed to provide some confidence that cycle wave III is over and cycle wave IV has arrived.
If cycle wave IV is unfolding as a flat, combination or triangle, then the first move down should unfold as a three. This may be a zigzag for primary wave A of a flat or triangle, or primary wave W of a double combination.
While price made a new low for the 22nd of May, Stochastics did not. This single day divergence may be followed by a small bounce. RSI is oversold also, suggesting a small bounce here.
MACD is bearish, supporting the trend. Bollinger Bands are widening as price moves lower, so the trend has normal increasing volatility.
Both short and mid term moving averages have a negative slope and the short term average is below the mid term average. The long term 200 day average still has a positive slope, but price is below it.
It is looking increasingly like the USD is within a downwards trend that may continue for some time. This supports the Elliott wave count.
The correlation coefficient must be above 0.5 (a positive correlation) or below -0.5 (a negative correlation) for any two sets of data to have a reliable correlation. Any two sets of data that have a correlation coefficient that spends any time between 0.5 and -0.5 does not mathematically have a reliable correlation. This area is shaded on the chart.
Currently, the correlation coefficient of Gold and the USD Index is -0.43. Currently, they do not have a negative correlation.
It is often assumed that these two markets will move in opposite directions. The math proves that assumption to be false.
Trading Room will focus on classic technical analysis. Elliott wave analysis will be for support and for targets / invalidation points.
Lighter volume for the last upwards session is slightly bearish, as is the long upper wick. On Balance Volume is at resistance.
Trading advice for members only: [Content protected for Elliott Wave Gold members only. To subscribe click here.]
RSI and Stochastics can remain extreme for reasonable periods of time when US Oil trends. Oversold conditions for these two indicators does not necessarily mean a low must be in place.
Sometimes after a breakout price curves back to retest prior support or resistance. It is possible here that US Oil may turn up for a test of resistance about 50.70. However, this does not always happen.
While price remains within this channel expect it to continue downwards. If the channel is breached, then a larger bounce may be underway.
A larger flat correction may be unfolding for a fourth wave (EWG members should refer to the US Oil monthly chart for the bigger picture here). Within a flat correction, intermediate wave (B) must retrace a minimum 0.9 length of intermediate wave (A) at 28.61.
The last three daily candlesticks complete stalled pattern. The longer upper wick on the last candlestick is bearish. Declining volume for the last two upwards days is bearish.
On Balance Volume is bullish in that it is making strong new highs with price. There is some bearish divergence as noted.
Overall, it does look like this is a counter trend movement. But there is no indication it is over at this stage, so it may move higher.
The fourth wave is now very close to first wave price territory. If this portion of the wave count is correct, then there is very little room for NGas to move into. The target expects a long strong extended fifth wave, typical of commodities.
If there is a resumption of the larger upwards trend, then this next wave up is in its very early stages. In the short term, it looks like USD Index has made a relatively deep correction. Support is about 100.60. If price can break above resistance at 103, then next resistance is about 103.50.
The structure of primary wave 5 is still incomplete. If the current correction moves lower, it should find support at the lower edge of the trend channel. If that trend channel is breached, then the wave count would be in doubt.
It looks like EURGBP is currently at resistance and may move into a small consolidation for a few days. This may bring Stochastics down from overbought. Price may find support about 0.8635.
The upwards movement should unfold as a three wave structure, so there should be downwards movement for minor wave B within it. If the target is wrong, it may be too low.
This pair has proven tricky to find an entry. It is currently in a consolidation with resistance about 115.55 and support about 111.55.
The short term Fibonacci 13 day moving average has just crossed above the mid term Fibonacci 55 day moving average giving a bullish crossover.
RSI is not extreme. Stochastics is extreme, but this may remain extreme for long periods of time when this market trends.
Volume for the last three upwards days showed an increase to support the rise in price. The long upper wick on the last daily candlestick is bearish.
On Balance Volume is squeezed. A break above the purple resistance line would be a reasonable bullish signal. A break below the yellow support line would be a weak bearish signal.
As always, it is essential that anyone using this analysis for trading advice manages risk carefully. Follow my two Golden Rules:
Trading is about probabilities, not certainties. Failure to follow my two Golden Rules of trading indicates failure to manage risk.
Accept that this analysis may be wrong. It is impossible for any analyst to predict with certainty what a market will do next.
New to Trading Room is a simplified table to summarise Trading Room. (Thanks to our member Dreamer for the idea.)
Subsequent posts will add a separate table for Open Positions and when applicable a third table for Closed Positions.
This analysis is overall neutral, neither bullish nor bearish. ADX is now declining after reaching extreme. Divergence with price and RSI (red lines) is bearish. Either a larger consolidation or a trend change is a reasonable expectation at this time, but no trend change has yet been indicated.
Volume is so far inconclusive. Sometimes at the beginning of a bear move volume can be light as the market falls of its own weight. However, light and declining volume does not support the fall in price so far.
The long term green line was perfectly touched just three weeks ago. This may provide strong resistance. The lilac line has now been breached (this is seen more clearly on the chart below). However, this lilac line is too steep for reasonable technical significance. That is the risk at this time with this analysis.
The lilac line has been breached and price has now turned up to find resistance there. If the green line holds, then this lilac line should too.
This market so far is moving upwards as has been expected. I am publishing this chart again today because at this time it may be offering a good opportunity to join a trend in the relatively early stages.
ADX is below 15, so no trend is yet indicated. ATR is still declining. These two indicators together signal caution about a potential upwards trend.
I particularly want to draw attention to the long lower wicks of the last three daily candlesticks. These are bullish.
This chart is the same as the last published daily Elliott wave chart for USD Index with the exception of the short term support line which is slightly redrawn. Notice the long lower wicks on the last three daily candlesticks and how they all sit neatly on the trend line.
Analysis of DAX is presented in response to a reader’s request and not because it offers a good opportunity at this time.
Some larger sideways consolidation or a deeper pullback here is a reasonable conclusion after ADX reached extreme and RSI exhibited double bearish divergence over a reasonable period of time. At this time, it looks like DAX is in a consolidation with an upwards bias. The risk here is a deeper pullback may develop.
Watch On Balance Volume closely over coming days. If it breaks out of the current range, that may precede the next direction for price.
A Super Cycle fifth wave may be completing. Super Cycle (IV) may have been a large contracting triangle, or it may have been a more brief zigzag (alternate weekly chart below).
The triangle fits, but it is not supported by MACD hovering about zero. This is not a requirement but does add confidence when it occurs.
The weekly chart shows all of Super Cycle wave (V) to date. Primary wave 4 may not move into primary wave 1 price territory below 10,488.
A correction for intermediate wave (4) may not move into intermediate wave (1) price territory below 10,807. Intermediate wave (3) may be over. This is supported by classic technical analysis. A deeper pullback may occur here, maybe to the 0.236 Fibonacci ratio about 11,527. That would see intermediate wave (4) end within the price territory of the fourth wave of one lesser degree.
It is my conclusion at this time that DAX does not offer a good trading opportunity. The upwards trend looks stretched at this time, so a pullback may occur. If it does, then at its end it may offer an opportunity to join the upwards trend.
The conclusion for the short term may be the same even if the triangle is wrong. Cycle wave IV may have been a quicker zigzag. Cycle wave V may still be within the final fifth wave up. The daily chart would be the same for this idea.
So how about this: Explain, please, how cockblocking every single thing - indiscriminately, no matter what - is benefiting the larger population of the country? And why taxes, when the only dispute is over that 250k+ income bracket? Why not unemployment insurance? Oh, and what about that 'repeal and replace' thing I heard so much about a few months back? Oh, right: wildly unpopular.
Saying the 'average uninformed voter' is easily swept up and lied to hurts your argument just as equally as it hurts mine, possibly more.
Counterpoint - Obama drew out more young and first time voters than any other politician ever. The young and naive voters, the most gullable, the inexperienced, the ones caught up in the popularity of voting for Obama. Now that those voters, the same ones that put Obama into office, now have a better handle on what's really going on and they switch their vote to bring in conservatives, all of the sudden they're morons?
I don't really know where your counterpoint came from... Those people that came out and voted for Obama without educating themselves only serve to reinforce my point; they were caught up in rhetoric. That sort of momentary shift in public opinion is exactly why I would like politicians to educate themselves and make responsible decisions, not argue back and forth like children. Oniya actually explained it much better than I did.
It would be nice. Problem is that Washington and the governmental system is working largely on a 'you scratch my back, I scratch yours' mentality, as well as the fact that there a zillion (Not really, but it does seem like a lot) special interest groups all screaming out there about how they need equality for whatever people they're representing, or tax cuts so that their industry doesn't suffer. Especially when the truth is that the thing desired is a fraud.
I'm unclear on what you mean, with the human beings bit. And yes, I know that the situation in Washington is terrible; note where I said "bought by corporations" and "empowered by the party apparatus." But, just because things are a certain way, doesn't mean they were MEANT to be that way, nor that it's right for them to be that way. It doesn't excuse individuals for behaving that way, nor does it excuse specific instances of the behavior.
Trieste, IMO...it's not. The only people this action could potentially benefit are the Republican party, and even then it's not a sure thing. To be honest, this is thing numero uno that I was worried about when I heard that the Republicans had taken the House - that they were just going to sit there for the rest of Obama's term and block every single piece of legislation that came along.
I talked to a lot of people about this - my parents, siblings, friends, and I never found the same opinion twice. The range of responses ranged from "this is what's going to cause Obama to be a one-termer" to "this is what's going to guarantee Obama a second term."
Because the truth is that the country, as a general whole, aren't responsible, thinking, rational people anymore. They wanna do what they wanna do, and to hell with everyone else.
And no, Will, it doesn't excuse people from behaving that way. But that's the way that we have to work with, and improve. It isn't going to suddenly turn around one night.
I agree completely, but bringing up that "that's the way it is" does nothing to help things along. It's even counterproductive; it justifies the behavior and desensitizes people who might otherwise be enraged enough to speak up against it.
C: But that isn't acceptable, and we need to work within the system to get people from Point B to Point A in terms of behavior.
Just to clarify: by 'first post' you mean the one that I ended with the 'Human Beings' statement, right?
Well, first statements by me in P&R threads usually are. I don't like to come out and declare my position right away, since at times that torques people off.
Okay, how about this. Go ahead and raise the taxes on those making more than $250,000. But let's put into law that that revenue must got directly to paying off the deficit or other outstanding loans, like to China. I don't want more money to be take from citizens just for the sake of a larger, more bureaucratic government.
If they really want to serve the people as they claim, they'd grow the fuck up! Each year politicians find more ways to piss me off. I'm sitting here watching the news and Unemployment benefits just expired. Republicans don't want to extend them until they find a way to pay for it. Here's a thought.... Let the tax cuts for the wealthy expire. There's your money!
Yeah, I remember how these people promised that their top priority was going to be getting 'Obamacare' repealed. I guess they lied; shocker there...
How does it benefit the country to let Unemployment run out? It just means that the people depending on that money until they find a job are screwed. They won't have any income, and there will be more foreclosures and homeless people. But I guess that doesn't matter as long as the rich keep getting richer. Trickle Down Economics has never worked, and will never work. People are too self serving.
The Republicans told angry voters what they wanted to hear, and now they're going to do whatever they want. I wish there was a way we could throw all these retards out on their asses and start fresh, and I'm including Democrats in this.
Now there are always going to be individual exceptions, based on education and individual ability. I'm referring to averages, here.
The top 5% earns 25% of the income, but spends 14%. This means they suck roughly 10% of the cash flow out of the country, each year. If nothing else is done, eventually, the dollar and the entire system will collapse, because eventually, no one can trade in dollars any longer, because it's all locked up in the top 10% or so - the wealthy find themselves worthless.
I believe there was a poll showing that two-thirds of those making more than 200k/year supported higher taxes for themselves.
1) They can deposit it in banks, which then invest it in the population. However, banks aren't doing much lending.
2) They can invest it themselves. However, faith in the stock market has been rather poor until recently.
5) They can lend it to the government (and are very willing to right now!) - in the form of government debt, who can then reinvest it for causes that (supposedly) benefit the country as a whole.
When 1-4 break, 5-7 make up the major options. A lot of them don't even add to bureaucracy, but are extremely beneficial - sustaining unemployment benefits, for example.
Your stricture also makes one ask - well, can the government pay down its debt to itself with it? That is a massive chunk of the debt.
I'd support that. I think drastic measures need to be taken now, or else we'll soon find ourselves in the same situation as Ireland and Greece. Right now the only thing keeping China from demanding its money back is that its industry is so tied in to U.S. consumerism -- if we stop buying, they'll also be up shit creek.
This situation can't last indefinitely, though, and we'd be fools to expect it to. Warren Buffet has warned for years about the perils of deficit spending; I really don't want to see him proved right. I'm all in favor of increasing taxes across the board so long as we match that with real cuts in education, welfare, federal programs, and yes, defense, and make a real concerted effort to pay down the debt.
Of course, that will never happen. People don't mind indulging in the short-term even knowing that they'll have to pay for it, and more, in the long-term. Why? Because the long term is, well, the long term. A politician who increases taxes and cuts services will not last long. And so America continues on its collision course with complete and total economic collapse, and the only question will be when it happens.
I'm all in favor of increasing taxes across the board so long as we match that with real cuts in education, welfare, federal programs, and yes, defense, and make a real concerted effort to pay down the debt.
I think this list is backwards, frankly. Our defense budget is overblown and bloated. It's full of suppliers who overcharge and then provide crappy products. It's bad. The defense budget needs to be slashed. Overseas military operations need to be obliterated. Let them come home, already, albeit only after some serious job growth (would hate for vets who fought a ten-year war to end up coming home to joblessness).
Federal programs: How about the fact that it's nearly impossible to fire a federal worker? Despite the fact that anyone who goes to a federally run office for help gets either snotty 'service' or the person doesn't know their job? Thank god for the small percentage of helpful, competent people in the federal workforce. I'm pretty sure they're the only folks who get shit done. So this needs reform, and badly.
Welfare: The 'welfare queen' is statistically nonexistent. She is a boogeyman to scare people into shying away from giving more funding to the welfare system, or from reforming it. She makes it easy for people to say, "The system is a failure. Rather than further funding it, or spending the money to reform it, we should just shut it all down." This is not the case. People who need help don't get it. They don't get the help they need because of spectres like the 'welfare queen'. If the welfare system were reformed to be more streamlined and less goddamn bloated with administration, its budget could be more efficiently spent and might even go down sometime eventually.
Education: Is deplorable. Needs more money. Needs reform. Needs help. We suck by world standards. End of story.
Trieste, where have you found your stats for the existence of welfare queens? I know I've seen a few articles written about it before, but I've had trouble refinding the actual numbers lately, not particularly helped by the nonexistence of working internet around here D: Help a sister out?
Okay.. you shut down the military but radically cutting us FURTHER down from where we are. Shut down MORE bases... (check the impact in Maine with the departure of the Brunswick Naval Station on the economy).
Fun note Trieste, every dollar that is put into a base/facility/military station moves through the local economy at LEAST four times before leaving the area. IE.. you downsize as radically as you suggest, as much as half the resturants, gas stations, banks, stores, services, real estate rentals ect ect in the area go away.
Does the fat need to be cut? Certainly. Do we need to downsize overseas? (Nato bases we support in Europe for example, our continued role as the Japanese Military 'crutch') .. absolutely. Killing military spending without finding a way to bring things back to OUR country to replace them?
Also, I think the kneejerk reaction to kill anything tied to the military is a bad move. (Particularly given the fact we HAVE treaty obligations to uphold..unless you want to further mortgage what little remaining credibility we have outside our borders)
I'm not sure if you missed where I said we needed to take care of job growth first, or misunderstood what I meant. Regardless, I'll clarify that what I meant by "after some serious job growth" was "after we make sure that the people we'd be bringing home from overseas have jobs to come home to".
I actually have never been able to find reliable stats online. Most of the stats that I've seen have been in resources that I was pointed to by the sociology department here. I'll see if I can hunt up some citations when I get home.
The citations I have at home are also a few years old, but unless there has been an utter explosion of welfare queens in the last five years... *shrug*
How are we to do that? Bring the jobs back I mean? I've been looking for a job in my field for a year. Aside from five pending background checks the best I've seen is flight line maintenance for 8.50 a hour. (That's like 1/3rd the money I had before Lockheed let me go)
I'm all for shutting bases overseas down but there aren't a lot left. We don't really have much military left to downsize and still fulfill our treaty obligations in Europe, Korea and Japan. Thin them down by negotiation keep or manning at current levels and we could save a ton!
It might be a good idea to see how much gets saved by trimming the fat, as Callie says. It's possible that might count as 'slashing', especially if the overcharging suppliers get regulated.
I don't know, Callie, and you may have noticed that you aren't the only one trying to find a job in the last few years. I'm hardly the only one who's not sure how to stimulate jobs. If the thread was about that, I could probably throw around some ideas - but it's not, so I'm not going to start.
Additionally, our defense budget doesn't go entirely (or even, I suspect, mostly) to our overseas bases, personnel, and whatnot. I'm talking about contract reform.
Part (not all) of that bloat is to have the contractors hold onto the materials on hand. You do a contract for 300,000 widgets. You have to store them somewhere. Hammers, Jet Parts and everything else takes space and you don't know where they are needed or when (I've dealt with the War Locker clerks.. they're DICKS.. ) but this shit takes SPACE. GODS above does it.
Long term preservation methods for components take up space, require extensive packaging. SERIOUS packaging. An example: Long term preservation for an ESM antenna (about the side of as Mac Mini) requires the thing to be packed in a electro-static protective pouch, then in a moisture protective bag, THEN in crash padding box that comes up to my mid thigh. Which is sealed shut and double wrapped.
Which is stored in an environmentally controlled warehouse, and routed to the unit that needs it through a company maintained network to a point of contact for the military (someplace like San Diego, Philly, or such).
And let me tell you. This shit ain't cheap. There is bloat in the costs, yes, BUT it's still a lot of cash.
Now, consider. How much does it cost to run the storeage facility. Utilities. Inventory Control. Transportation. Securicty.
This, in a nutshell, is why government spending is not inherently economically bad (though rather than our enormous military budget, it would be more beneficial to provide universal healthcare and use our space program as an inspirational drive instead).
The trick is, you want to make sure government spending targets areas where central planning is a strength, rather than a weakness. Any good that doesn't obey the traditional supply-demand structure qualifies. Research and reporting (only a few people need to study and verify for the whole country or world to benefit), insurance programs (not just health care, but also national defense - and the only serious military threat to America right now is bioterrorism, so these are quite interlinked), identification assignments (ICANN and IANA, for example, provide the numerical groundwork for the Internet), ecosystem management.
Reading over US water management is awe inspiring. The amount of data gathered and analysis done to make sure the entire country gets its water. The amount of care and dedication given to perhaps humanity's most vital resource. Anyone who says that degree of research and management is 'waste' is a liar, plain and simple.
The rate at which money moves through an economic system is a function of both the savings rate (the more a group of people save, the slower money moves through them) and the tax rate (the more a group of people are taxed, the less they have to spend). If a group pays no taxes and saves 3% of what they make in a year, then a dollar will circulate among them (roughly) 33 times in a year (100%/3%).
Taxes have a similar equation - but they also funnel money back into the system, just slower. Money circulating only four times is, as I recall, actually pretty low. It could in fact be better spent elsewhere. Rates as high as 30x do occur in poorer groups.
That is the reason for the progressive tax system - it works. Everyone pays the taxes of the poor. Even the rich. The war on that over the past forty to fifty years has a lot to do with the current economic crisis - the savings rate fell below zero, and when that ran out, it was over.
No one should be paying taxes on their first ~$60-70k of non-passive income. Because everyone ends up paying that - the rich see it as a loss in income. Just because they are paying less in taxes, does not mean that they are actually paying less.
Ello! It's time for a Work In Progress Wednesday or WIP for short 😊Ive been working on a polymer clay star army. I'll be making different color star charms!


Slides derived from a microfilm copy of Marinetti's seven "Libroni" (scrapbooks) documenting Futurism, the Futurist movement, and the avant-garde.
In today’s business environment, there is a need for good project management. Project management provides visibility of project health to the business and the customer. Through continuous monitoring, early detection of variations to plan, schedule, and budget can be communicated to stakeholders for quick resolution, including project cancelation. The Project Management Professional community does this through the five Project Management Processes supported by the ten Project Management Knowledge Areas. This course introduces the student to the ten Project management Knowledge Areas and their support role and relationships to the five Project Management Processes. Agenda Unit 1 Project Integration & Scope Management - Integration Manag - Direct & Manage Project Work - Perform Integrated Change Control - Scope Management - Control Scope Unit 2 Project Time & Cost Management - Time Management - Sequence Activities - Control Schedule - Cost Management - Plan Cost Management Unit 3 Project Quality, Human Resources & Communications Management - Quality Management - Human Resources Management - Communications Management Unit 4 Project Risk, Procurement & Stakeholder Management - Risk Management - Plan Risk Responses - Procurement Management - Stakeholder Management
The Berger Blanc Suisse is a breed of dog from Switzerland. It is of the same origins as the White Shepherd and the German Shepherd Dog, and has been recognized as a separate breed by the FCI.
Most Berger Blanc Suisse dogs are gentle, very intelligent and learn easily. They are loyal to their family and may be wary around strangers, but are not prone to show shy or fearful behavior. Some people think the Arctic wolf was mixed with the breed to create its caution, however this is not true. The Berger Blanc Suisse breed derived from decades of evolution to a distinct breed type from the German Shepherd Dog. The Berger Blanc Suisse are suited for a variety of services to man from search and rescue to medical alert to therapy. They are also structured and have temperaments to succeed at performance events such as: obedience, rally, agility, lure coursing, barn hunt (ratting), protection sports, dock diving, fly ball, truffling, and other scent/tracking oriented training. They are natural herders, can cart, and are very well suited as an all around utility farm dog.
The character of the Berger Blanc Suisse is gentler and mellower than that of the working lines of German Shepherd Dog, but are still very protective of their people and dog pack.
Berger Blanc Suisse can compete in dog agility trials, obedience, showmanship, flyball, frisbee, tracking, and herding events. Herding instincts and trainability can be measured at noncompetitive herding tests. Berger Blanc Suisse exhibiting basic herding instincts can be trained to compete in herding trials.
William Sargeant, Chiswick Boatbuilder, electrical engineer and architect | Brentford & Chiswick Local History Society
The introduction of electric power towards the end of the 19th century led to many new inventions, such as cinemas, and to an unproved means of propulsion for older inventions like boats. The most famous early electrically-powered boats were made in Chiswick, at the boatyard of Messrs Sargeant & Co, boatbuilder and electrical engineer of Strand Works, Strand-on-the-Green.
William Sargeant, the owner of the boatyard, became renowned for his electric boats. But Sargeant seems to have been a versatile man and is also important in Chiswick’s history for designing and building large and grand houses near the riverfront at Strand-on-the-Green.
William Samuel Sargeant was born in 1836 in Kentish Town. His father was a builder and it appears likely that William was initially apprenticed to him. He was certainly a proficient joiner (his great great-nephew, Tun Sargeant, possesses a lovely long case clock made by William Sargeant).
The first record of Sargeant in Chiswick is in 1871 when he was living in Grove Park Terrace. He is also listed as the owner of two large houses in Grove Park Road which he was in the proccess of building. By 1874 he had built four large houses in Grove Park Road, one of which he was occupying himself. These houses are those enormous Gothic constructions (numbers 68-74) just at the end of the river path going south-east; number 70 was called Grove Mount and later became the home of actors John Thaw and Sheila Hancock.
In 1877 Sargeant moved back to Grove Park Terrace. The Census for 1881 shows that he was the owner and occupier of number 11, perhaps another house of his own design. His occupation is given as “retired builder” although he was only 44 years old.
In 1888, the same year as Sargeant built his first electric boats, he moved to the much grander 18th-century Zachary House facing the river at Strand-on-the-Green. He was initially the tenant of someone called Humphreys, but by 1900 had purchased the freehold. He continued to live in Zachary House until the year before his death in 1918.
Sargeant’s boat-building yard on Strand-on-the-Green was already established by the time Viscount Bury and Moritz Immisch commis­sioned him to build electric boats in 1888.
Experiments with electric boats had been carried out from 1882 and, by 1888, the experimenters were convinced that electric propulsion was a practicable proposition with real commercial potential, particularly for ferry and leisure craft. The pioneer of this work, Moritz Immisch, was a German watchmaker and inventor of electric motors of all kinds, who went into partnership with Viscount Bury, MP and electrical engineer.
In 1888 Immisch and Bury purchased “a roomy hulk”, a large houseboat, 70ft long with a 14ft beam. They asked William Sargeant to adapt the hulk to take a 20 horse-power Fowler under-type steam engine coupled up to one of Immisch’s dynamos. This craft made its first appearance at the Oxford and Cambridge University Boat Race that year when it was moored off Mortlake and used as a corporate entertainment boat for Immisch’s friends and customers.
In the same year, Sargeant designed two other electric launches, Maiden, which was built by another boatyard at Strand-on-the-Green, Maynards, and the Viscountess Bury which Sargeant both designed and built.
The Viscountess Bury was the largest passenger electric launch in the world. She was 65.5ft in length, 10ft beam, 12.5 tons displacement and could carry 80 passengers. The two hundred accumulator cells supplied current to two 7.5 Immisch motors directly coupled to twin Thorneycroft three-bladed propellers. Her rudder was designed on an entirely new principle so that the boat would be easy to steer and the rudder easy to remove.
The Viscountess Bury was launched on 8 October 1888 from Sargeant’s yard and named after Sophia, the wife of Viscount Bury. The boat was in regular use on the Upper Thames during the next decade. Between 1889 and 1894 she was on charter to the Prince of Wales, later Edward VII. In 1909 her engines were converted for petrol and she was taken to East Anglia. When she came up for sale in 1994 she was bought by a Viscountess Bury Trust which plans to restore her electric drive.
Sargeant went on to build several more electric launches at Strand-on-the-Green. His success led to his business being taken over in 1890 by Woodhouse and Rawson United, manufacturers of heavy engineering equipment and “of every description of Electrical Plant and Apparatus”, with Sargeant remaining as manager of the Strand boatyard. This move brought more varied business to the yard and stretched capacity in Chiswick. In 1891 Sargeant bought a site at Eel Pie Island where he set up sheds and a new charging station which traded under the name of The Thames Electric & Steam Launch Company. At about this time Sargeant filed a patent for an electric canoe capable of carrying four people. Two of his electric canoes were demonstrated at Henley Regatta in 1892.
At the beginning of 1893 Sargeant reported that business was good but, sometime later that year, or early in the following year, Woodhouse and Rawson were declared bankrupt. How this affected Sargeant is unclear, but he continued to build his electric boats, notably the Victory, launched in 1905, which superseded Viscountess Bury as the largest electric boat in the world. She was 28 feet longer and could carry 350 passengers. In 1907 she was bought by Joseph Theophilus Mears who also took over Sargeant’s business and boatbuilding works; Sargeant presumably then took a well-earned retirement.
Gillian Clegg is the author of The Archaeology of Hounslow (1991) and Chiswick Past (1995). She is also the editor of this journal and production editor of the London & Middlesex Archaeological Society’s Transactions.

The Swing tee in sage is drapey and relaxed. Swinging out a little at the bottom making it perfect for wearing out or half-tucked.
The 2018 Monster Energy FIM Motocross World Championship is set to start a long global tour in just a few weeks and in preparation for the new series, teams have started to release the promotional assets of their riders and motorcycles. Rockstar Energy Husqvarna Factory Racing MXGP will field two top-level racers in the premier division of the series, as Gautier Paulin and Max Anstie both return for their second year with the team. Check out the images of the riders in action and their works Husqvarna FC 450 motorcycles.

With the swoosh of a post on social media; our coursework in Social Networking begins. My reactions are different this time. I feel like Captain Kirk standing on the transporter getting ready to zoom off to some new world, learning new languages and interacting with people in a way I have not done before. At the same time, inside Kirk exists a grizzled, overall-clad, gray-haired grandpa on the porch of a old clapboard, whitewashed home, whittling a piece of cedar, pining away for “them good ole days.” I remember thousands of real-time “a-ha” moments with students whether in the classroom, on the stage, or in some athletic endeavor. Would we be able to look up from our devices long enough today to take in the moment or do we post and hope it goes viral? (Do we know how to enjoy a sunrise or sunset without posting it to social media?) How could I compare the modern couple to Romeo and Juliet? If Romeo had Twitter, Facebook and YouTube the play would have ended with one Act as Romeo tweets and posts his uncanny ability to woo a Capulet, sneaking into their own ball. The relationship would rise and fall in social media. Will likes outweigh sound judgment and analysis? Will the grading scale be based upon the number of re-tweets? As I look around at the change of current high school students/teachers and their level of connection, I wonder how that will affect me going forward.
I would say my experience is limited. I use Diigo now and appreciate seeing updates by my peers, fellow educators and professors. I am connected to Edtech @ BSU via my personal Facebook account and use LinkedIn. I have no experience with Twitter. I am certain that through this class I will reflect on this moment with a smile after learning how to effectively use social media for my professional growth.
What is your experience in using social media as an instructional strategy in your learning environment?
I have encouraged the widespread use of social media (primarily Facebook Groups and Google+, Docs and Hangouts) throughout the on-base volunteer/support organizations. Communication has improved as we are meeting the younger spouses where they are. Again, I feel that I will learn how to be more effective than I am at the moment. I have used more primitive social media in years past with students and fellow teachers. The tools were new and boundaries were absent. There was nothing positive gained at that time. I have used YouTube and Wikipedia for a variety of purposes. At the time I was teaching, Wikis were still frowned upon a valid, quotable resources.
As a cohort, I intend to pull my share and more. I will ask questions and seek answers. Sometimes it takes repackaging a lesson for me to process the concepts. I hope that will be available when needed. A Constructivist in the past, I was exposed to Connectivism in the Theories class. It is exciting to explore this theory in practice and execution. As an educator and future technology integration specialist, I look forward to tools, and theories of practice to frame new experiences.
All good things come to an end. This class is no different in that regard. John See stated years ago that technology should not be taught out of context of the material at hand (1992). I have learned and experienced first-hand Tech-PACK in context. I built on the three essential elements needed to guarantee positive technology integration: learning theory foundations, integration planning model & Tech-PACK and the essential conditions for integration (Roblyer & Doering, 2013, p. 34). In my opinion that was the greatest value of this course.
I completed every project at a high level of excellence, not because I was grade-driven; but because I wanted to insure I could communicate what I learned with educators and students upon completion. I experimented with tools, apps, lessons and various ways of reaching a goal to insure I was mastering the material. I feel my body of work in this course meets the mastery criteria for each of the AECT course-specific standards.
Productive struggles, though frustrating in the moment, serve to show me what I am truly capable of achieving. I still need to work on communication to better articulate what I want or need to say. One can always improve and I wish to do better here.
As a learner who has struggled in the past and still struggles in some areas, I want to encourage the use of well-designed lessons and sites by my own students and teachers. I wish to strive for Accessible sites with goals that are articulated clearly.
The shift to Constructivism occurred some time ago. As a Theatre teacher, my curriculum has always leaned in that direction. Offering the students choices in early in the process and inviting them to share a seat at the planning table enriches the theatrical process. Adding a more modern touch with Connectivism seems a natural fit as we truly integrate technology beyond the crew positions and into the entire process of both education and performance. I was cognizant of both theories as I developed my lessons.
I feel my blogging efforts this term were solid across the board. Exploring the Blog Rubric now in hindsight, I still hold that view.
Content – 100/100 – My blog entries meet the criteria for Outstanding as I always went into depth on each topic. As a learner who sees things through a different lens, I shared my viewpoint with clarity, rich content and depth to articulate my point of view to the best of my ability.
Readings and Resources – 35/35 – Again, I feel I met the Outstanding criteria attempting to validate my points of view with grounded research and documentation worthy of a student enrolled in a Masters-level course.
Timeliness – 20/25- Being a harsh self-critic, if I had a shortcoming it was here. I would say I met the Proficient level. I would like to have been the first to post each and every week. Caring for an elderly father and enrolling him in Hospice during this term has been draining emotionally. Combining those issues with my own learning differences and needing to read, read and read again passages for comprehension meant time spent and posts occurred later in the week in a few instances. These are not excuses. I made choices and placed other priorities, my father and family and my own learning pace above being one of the first to post each and every week.
Responses to Other Students – 30/30 – I feel I met the criteria for Outstanding here as I embraced the opportunity to offer feedback to my peers. I offered true and honest feedback in a timely fashion. In many cases, I offered more than just feedback to two peers. I attempted to offer detailed feedback in a manner I would like to receive it – Praise, Correct, Praise. I started with a compliment, offered constructive points and finished with a positive comment. In many cases, I researched as much for their feedback as I did for my own posts.
Overall, the course has proven a valued rung in the ladder as I climb toward my goal. I appreciate the new tools in my toolbox as I feel they will be useful going forward.
Roblyer, M.D. and Doerling, A.H. (2013). Integrating educational technology into teaching (6th Ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Education, Inc.
See, J. (1992). National Center for Technology Planning. Retrieved July 30, 2014, from http://www.nctp.com/html/john_see.cfm
The museum has a fine collection of furniture from the 18th century, with special emphasis on three groups: furniture by David Roentgen, French furniture, and English furniture.
David Roentgen’s furniture, made in the family workshop in Neuwied, was acquired during his lifetime for enormous sums by the princes and kings of Europe. The pieces are finely crafted both inside and out, and in many cases are furnished with ingenious technical devices and surprising hidden compartments – a distinctive feature of David Roentgen’s work.
The fairly simple Louis Seize style prevailed in France in the decades before the revolution. Parisian cabinetmakers such as Adam Weisweiler and Jean-Henri Riesener created pieces whose fine woods, lacquer panels, and quite simple, gilded fittings had a look of restrained luxury.
In the course of the 18th century, masterfully executed woodcarving quickly became a distinctive feature of English furniture. Chippendale lent his name to an entire style thanks to The Gentleman and Cabinet-maker’s Director (1754), whose illustrations of furniture were to provide the models for work by innumerable English cabinetmakers, preferably using mahogany. Toward the end of the century, furniture and decorative art took on a lighter and more classicizing look, influenced by the work of e.g. the cabinetmaker George Hepplewhite and the architect Robert Adam.
This travel case was made by Brice Perediez (d.1757), and in addition to being stamped with his name also bears the stamp IB. The latter monogram probably refers to the marchand mercier who collected the glass, silver, Saint Cloud porcelain, and lacquerware (vernis Martin) and arranged them in the piece’s moiré-covered papier-mâché tray.
The nécessaire held everything that a wealthy man of the day needed for his accommodation away from home, from candlesticks, mirror, and potpourri jars to a wig brush, tweezers, and a tongue scraper.
Cheap Table Cloths have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Cheap Table Cloths here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Cheap Table Cloths picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of Cheap Table Cloths design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The Table idea for your Home team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the Cheap Table Cloths picture.
Posted by "Just Sayin'..." in AGRR, Auto Glass, General, Insurance, Retail, Service, Technology, Uncategorized, USP on November 27, 2012
The ability to accept and adapt to change is a critical component to finding success in business. As much as we find comfort in the places we know best, we must continually push ourselves and our company toward a place that no one else has found yet or will never figure out.
How do you set the bar higher than your competitors so that you can outperform them? That’s a question that you need to answer for your market and business.
In 1964 the singer songwriter Bobby Dylan released a song “The Times They Are A-Changin’” which portrayed a time of great change in the United States. Every new generation looks back at the preceding generation as one being unwilling or unable to change and stuck in the past unable to move forward. The 60’s were a time of great change in social norms, fashion and music, as well as in the political landscape. We’ve been experiencing a great deal of change in retailing for quite some time, but especially so in this new Millennium and it doesn’t seem to be abating.
Right now there is a ferocious retail battle royal in the retail consumer market with two of the largest retailers, Walmart and Amazon.com (big box versus internet retailer), fighting to determine how consumers will buy countless products in the years to come. In 2009 Amazon.com began rolling out a program offering same day shipping in a number of cities. It has since developed a large network of warehouse distribution centers to service its customers across a large part of the United States. To counter Amazon.com, Walmart started a Walmart To Go offering online shopping of a select number of products shipped directly from their store locations to customers. And in a few markets Walmart is offering same day delivery of products. The strategy that Walmart is attempting is difficult and a potentially dangerous one as it already has 4,000 big box stores (including Sam’s Club) which have a very high cost to operate. The margins that Walmart operates under are also very small, so the gambit is one that is sacrificing current profits to maintain and hopefully gain market share against Amazon.com and other retailers unable to compete. When your sales are $ 444 billion a year versus Amazon.com’s $ 48 billion it would seem that you’d have an edge, but last year Amazon.com saw a 41% increase in sales versus Walmart’s 6% overall increase in sales.
Which company is following a strategy that will allow it to be the most successful retailer in the future? Time will tell, but even when you’re Walmart you’ve got to consider that your strategy for taking market share from the mom & pop businesses, which has proven to be such a successful model for years, could ultimately be at risk from other companies with strategies that don’t require big box brick-and- mortar stores. Each is trying to find a unique selling proposition (USP) that will attract consumers to ensure long-term success and neither will stop until it is found.
Who remembers A & P (The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company)?A company that once was considered the Walmart of its time, A&P held the title of the world’s biggest retailer in the 1930’s when it had 16,000 stores in the United States. In the late 1930’s A & P began the self-serve grocery store concept, but by the 1950’s it failed to recognize the changing marketplace and failed to listen to the demands of the ever-changing consumers. It eventually became an irrelevant retailer. By not adapting to the changes that were taking place in the marketplace, A & P began a decline in sales that ultimately caused it to file for bankruptcy. The company did emerge from bankruptcy, but A & P probably never again will capture the greatness it had once achieved.
There are many ways for your business to remain relevant and continue to survive in the retail world. Whatever you believe it is that you must do to remain relevant you need to make sure that your customers believe it too. For some businesses remaining relevant may mean selling or merging with a competitor. In recent weeks several businesses have announce that they are doing just that. You’ve probably read about recent acquisitions announced or completed by Gerber Collision & Glass (in Florida), ABRA Auto Body & Glass (in Minnesota), Guardian Auto Glass LLC (in Maryland) and Safelite Auto Glass (in Wisconsin and South Carolina). Of course buying and selling companies in the auto glass repair and replacement (AGRR) industry isn’t new, it’s been going off and on in spurts since the mid 1980s. During the past 30 years, a number of companies have acquired others in the AGRR industry to increase their own market share and separate themselves from or take out competitors. It certainly seems that there has been an uptick in acquisitions of companies of all sizes and I’m sure you’ll be hearing of others very soon.
Other ways you can remain relevant are by finding that USP that separates you from your competitors. So what is that something that only you can do in your market, something that raises the bar so high that your competitors either can’t or won’t try to achieve it therefore distinguishing you from others in the eyes of consumers? If you find that USP, you will survive against other retailers in the battle royal that exists in your market. Of course the need to find that extra something has always existed in business, but maybe more so today with the pace of change that you see across the retail industry. When you see the mega-retailers like Amazon.com and Walmart fighting over current customers to determine which will find the USP that will secure future customers and separate it from others, you know that the same battles that have been going on for years aren’t subsiding anytime soon. It is the same in the AGRR industry and you can be sure that things that you’re doing today in your business will change tomorrow and you need to change with it.
I think that he could have added another word to the last lyric, “For the times they are always a-changin”.

In ♥ & Soul, Beauty Tuesday, Community, Home Sweet Home, Motivational Monday, Movie Monday, Public Interest, Relationships, Weekly Wonders, What's Hot, Yours Truly on 06/09/2015 at 01:50
Since my Bestie‘s Big Bro told her that she looks like Audrey Hepburn, I, like our HIMYM Bro Barney, 👔 had to make my 🎬movie mission👊🏽
Therefore, I had to introduce Evie to her celebrity lookalike😎 who I’ve idolized since I, as a speech pro,
For a tid-bit on Hepburn’s early life, enjoy her adventures from WWII childhood to performing🎫 her way to 🌠stardom!

Due to overwhelming response, Paul Rodgers/9W is pleased to re-present last year's summer exhibition 'The Genocidal Madness of Idealism' in Summer 2009. The exhibition examines the influence of television on the imagination and links it to the market for contemporary art.
Omni-present in the domestic environment, television represents a real-time, surrogate imagination that occupies the new entity of a collective mind born out of belief in a sociologically determined 'visual culture'. Staggering statistics underscore our relationship to television's influence. According to the A.C. Nielson Co., in a 65 year life, the average American will have spent 9 years watching television.
The medium of television is inseparable from the idea that culture exists in a market place. The average child sees 20,000 thirty-second commercials per year, inundated with market-motivated persuasion. While art was previously anchored in intellectual meaning, in the contemporary art market it is reduced to the status of a commerical product. Now that the world economy has to confront the break-down of its market model, this exhibition poses the question for the art world to contemplate: what remains of contemporary art if it is taken out of its market context?
The East Boulder Escape is a true treasure on the edge of the Gallatin National Forest. With the East Boulder River as its west border, the National Forest as its southern border and a large ranch to its east, this property will provide the solitude one seeks. The improvements on the property have all been custom built over the years and surely do not disappoint. The home is a four bedroom two bath 3,740 sq ft masterpiece and is surrounded by several working outbuildings. Once you saddle up from the house just head south through the lush riparian area to the base of the forest where you will find protection and feed for all the western wildlife you come to seek in Montana.
Expectations for R.I. economy at new highs despite continuing, well-known challenges - Providence Business News
Home Economy Economic Activity Expectations for R.I. economy at new highs despite continuing, well-known challenges
CUTTING COSTS: Bardon's Water Services & Technologies President Thomas J. Lydon, with Angie Crockford, assistant project manager, at the company's East Greenwich facility. Lydon says he can only afford to hire someone at a lower salary and train them, rather than hire someone more experienced at a higher salary. / PBN PHOTO/RUPERT WHITELEY
The sun is once again beginning to shine on the Rhode Island economy. Results paint 2016 as a good year for Ocean State businesses, and projections for 2017 are positive, according to the Winter 2017 PBN Business Survey, with predicted growth and increased hiring expectations reported by most companies. More than three-quarters of respondents to…
RUBY OF THE R.I. State Police K-9 Unit has been honored as National Search and Rescue Dog of the Year. / COURTESY AMERICAN HUMANE
PROVIDENCE - K-9 Ruby of the R.I. State K-9 Unit has been named the National Search and Rescue Dog of the Year, according to the R.I. State Police Thursday. Ruby, who is also a finalist for the 2018 American Humane Hero Dog Award (announced Sept. 29 at the Hero Dog Awards Gala in Hollywood), was…

Parramatta New office precinct to house thousands of workers and residents in Parramatta’s iconic Auto Alley
PARRAMATTA’s Auto Alley is set to be transformed into the city’s newest office precinct for up to 26,000 workers under a $600 million development plan.
The development application, one of the largest in Parramatta Council’s history, also includes 779 apartments that could see an influx of thousands of extra residents to the area.
Located on a 14.8 hectare site formally home to the Heartland Holden business, the plan features two 10-storey commercial towers fronting Church St with car dealerships on the ground floor, and residential and mixed use towers at the rear.
Wide Board Oak is reminisant of the Period Oak floors seen in timber frame buildings, they are a perfect choice for Barn conversions as we can supply them in long lengths. We have also installed them in contemporary settings such as warehouse developments.

Donald Trump recently bragged, “I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose voters.” This strikes me as the equivalent of saying, “My followers have the intellectual capacity of fruit flies.”
Interface with [SecureContext] doesn't throw SecurityError in insecure context but instead not exposed [1]. Web platform test will be revised [2] accordingly and our implementation passes with the revision.
The Hozelock 2695 Ultra Twist is a unique 2-in-1 spray gun that with a simple twist converts into a lawn sprinkler, saving you time switching between attachments. The integrated sprinkler will cover lawn areas up to 69m². Using the lockable trigger and separate flow control, it can be set to water specific areas of the garden hands free, leaving you time to do other tasks or relax.
Four spray patterns: Jet which is ideal for cleaning, Fast Fill for filling buckets or watering cans and Rose for gentle watering.
Designed in Great Britain, the Hozelock Ultra Twist extends Hozelock’s heritage of quality, innovative products that are designed for gardeners by gardeners. Made from the highest quality plastics, the Ultra Twist will stand the hard wearing challenge of gardening tasks, time after time and it comes with a 2 year warranty.

Is a forum ever truly dead as long as we keep posting crap like this in it? Maybe it just wishes it were dead. I wish you were dead. No, not everyone who reads this--just you.
Perhaps we want this forum to die a brutal slow death? By the time we're done, this forum will wish it died with the show!
Ask general questions about breastfeeding your baby here. Please note that we have a separate milk production section!
Breast milk continues to be a valuable source of nutrition and disease protection for as long as a child breastfeeds. Find information and support for breastfeeding beyond the first year here!
Weaning is the gradual replacement of breastfeeding with other foods and ways of nurturing. Find support and information for all your weaning concerns here.
Here you will find support for all of your questions about expressing milk, milk storage, and combining working and breastfeeding.
Working outside the home, exclusively pumping, or wanting to pump occasionally? Questions about storage containers or dealing with lipase related storage issues? You will find support here!
Handling your coworkers, supervisors and the logistics of breastfeeding and working with aplomb! Find support for all of your workplace challenges here.
Are you unable to feed your baby at the breast and pumping exclusively to give your baby your milk? Discuss the challenges and rewards with other EP mothers here.
Find support for milk production issues-- increasing your milk production levels, dealing with oversupply and overactive let-down, relactation, and induced lactation.
Find suggestions for helping baby deal with a fast flow and for reducing your milk production levels here.
Adopting? Starting to breastfeed again? Find information and support for relactation and inducing a milk supply here.
News, articles, and udpates from LLL, including links to new posts from Breastfeeding Today and the LLL USA and LLL Canada blogs
Here you will find support with general parenting issues, single parenting, parenting at different ages and stages, sleep issues, gentle discipline, dealing with criticism, caregiver issues, education, babywearing, plus all things to do with poop (like diapers and potty learning)! Registration required.
The place to chat about all the *other* things you have in common with other members. Registration required.
Nothing. Nothing seems to happen. It doesn't say a thing. But, it built me a file. I look in the folder. There it is.
I typed a line WITH several arguments. (For cc65) It compiled correctly, but no indication from the command line dialog box.
It goes further than this: most (if not all?) UNIX tools are silent on success, except when being told to be verbose, if that's available. So for example, gcc has most of its warnings deactivated by default, and outputs nothing on success, as expected. Other small commands, like cp, mv, rm, mkdir, etc. print nothing at all on normal circumstances. Note that shell scripts don't echo lines of execution by default, so again, except when errors occur, you may see nothing on the screen upon its execution.
I put the test asm in the same folder as the asm6 what do I do from there? I have no clue as to what to put into the cmd
Then you're not reading the replies. I gave you all the information necessary to create a batch file for ASM6, but you insisted on just clicking the assemblers, after being told that wouldn't work.
If you're not willing to read the replies and spend any effort on learning, people will soon stop responding. I know I felt pretty disappointed to read that you kept double clicking .exe's after after my fairly detailed reply.
The absolute minimal setup you need to create a working ROM will need asm6.exe, assemble.bat and source.asm in the same folder. The batch file should contain at lest this:
The source file should contain a valid NES program made for ASM6. Each assembler has different features and rules that make source code incompatible between them without modifications.
You can search these forums for my ASM6 templates, which have the valid structure to create NES files, but don't contain any code. This means that the assembler will generate a valid ROM file that you can open in emulators, but nothing will happen because there's no program to do anything. You have to write the program yourself.
Simply typing "asm6 test.asm test.nes" would be all you do. If no errors, it would say something like...
EDIT 2 - if I wanted to make a .bat file do exactly this, I would write a text file (with Notepad++) that said...
This would create a listing (-l), and the screen will pause, and wait for a keypress, at which point, it will try to open 'test.nes'...assuming you have .nes files associated with an emulator.
Now, to write a source file that actually works. Feel free to read old forum posts for exactly this subject. Search also for "asm6" and "template". And read the wiki. And spend some time over at 6502.org.
the .nes (or .bin which is default if you don't name the extension as .nes) is your binary program. the optional .lst is your list file for review.
that in it, I also made a Test.asm file with the tutorial that was made on the forum. I don't really know if I did anything wrong.. I mean I just copied and pasted the code
the first paragraph is for using asm6. Place it in your folder containing asm6 and your asm file. Run it from there.
the rest is for error handling specific to ca65 (and not a complete batch file for baking a program with ca65). They shouldn't be written together.
Reluctantly up for sale is my 935 bodied 930 vin race car. This car could be converted back to street with A LOT of work.
BTW you should change the website in your signature to the new one that works. I had thought you guys closed up shop or something.
What would it take to make it streetable? What is CR, cams and heads? What is the turbo? I assume this can be inspected at your shop? Does it have a title? Also, how fresh is the engine?
I know... I've sold off many of my race cars over the past few weeks. Minimum I was looking for this one was 65K. The engine alone can not be duplicated in this configuration anymore. The Turbo was a Turbonetics 61-2 but i'm replacing it with a later model unit that I ordered last week. I have not run the car in a while but I'm thinking of taking her to The Glen in August. Can't wait to dyne with the new turbo installed. Engine started life as a 3.6. Enlarged to a 3.8 then stroked to 3.9. 2" journal, center drilled crank with Pauter custom rods. #233 grind Web cams. CR is at 7.5. Could be varied as we had custom cylinder base gasket plate made in different thicknesses. Bob Mode ITB with Mode plenums and intercooler. Thought about twin turbos for this baby as well. Always wanted to re-body with "proper" K-3 body work.
I'll try to get a pic of the setup I'm borrowing now. You will likely have to make an adapter to fit the engine stand.
My help is 2 weeks or so out from being able to pull the trans and do the chains so in the mean time I thought checking the oil pressure may be able to tell me something. If I have low oil pressure the upper tensioner bolt would fail right? This could create slack in the chain resulting in the noise in my videos previously posted? At cold start no noise... when the oil thins out and warms up you hear it.
Oh crap, sorry. Spaced it. Essentially it's a plate welded to some round pipe to fit the engine stand. The plate bolts to the block at the rear (in car) motor mount locations.
Finally got around to the timing chains. Replaced it all, found a few things that could have been the problem.
1. Decent amount of play on the lower tensioner. When chain was tight i could move the guide the tensioner was pushing on.
3. Found a spot where i assume the chain was slapping the block. I think this explains the copper flakes in engine. Photo below:
Havent driven it yet but fired it up and let it idle for 10 mins, almost no chain noise at all and to my releif no more clicking sound!
Thought it would be nice to post the before and after in case anyone ever runs into a similar sound. I had a ton of fun learning but hope to never have to do this again! The transmission is an ahole.
The chain noise is typical but the click sound was something unique I hadn't heard in any youtubes videos. The chains had just been done on my car maybe 5-10k miles ago, pulling all parts all guides and rails appeared unmarked and in good condition but we still replaced everything.
I believe the clicking sound is a result of the lower sprocket bolt being loose thus allowing the lower chain to slap the bottom of timing case area as seen in picture in previous post above.
Hey all, its been a few months cars been running great. Replaced the crack pipe, deleted SAI and plugged it. Noticed recently though an oil leak coming from an unknown source that drips just below the flywheel from the case that covers it.
When i removed said case and start the car the leak doesnt seem to show, after turning the engine off or after getting the oil really hot it shows a good leak. My thoughts are either the rear mainseal or oil pan. I replced the oil pan gasket as the PO was missing 4 bolts, stripped 2 more and put way too thick sealant on it. After properly replacing the pan it still leaks so that wasnt the problem. My guy that helps me says maybe the PCV valve is acting up which could cause this leak, does that sound possible to you guys?
See pic to follow. Does anyone have ideas before i remove the tranny? Also, if i do have to remove the tranny to get to the seal will i have room by only removing the tranny? Id like to avoid pull the lower timing case off.
Yes that picture is from me laying underneath the car taking a pic of the flywheel from the engine side after removing the flywheel cover piece
This business is for people with too much energy for desk jobs and too much brain for labor jobs. - Scott Helmke
Bullwinkle: This is the amplifier, which amplifies the sound. This is the Preamplifier which, of course, amplifies the pree's.
I also have a Crown X1000, which is the XLi800, that I would about give away to get it out of my way.
If it'll only ever drive a pair of those speakers, the NU1000DSP (or the new NX line) would get my vote. If there's a chance it'll end up driving other speakers, I'd look at the next one up. The NU3000 manages 300/600/1000w into 8/4/2ohm, which is a useful amount of power for other situations. The price difference isn't much IIRC.
The Women's Cycling+ Forum is a place for cycling women to discuss topics of their choosing. Guys are welcome, but consider yourselves guests, in this small corner of RoadBikeReview designated for Women, specifically.
Wit and humor and being a good sport are appreciated; trolling and baiting are not. Any post that is deemed inappropriate for this forum will be deleted at the moderator's discretion without explanation.
q_and_a - "I don't really have an appropriate response for this situation" so you'll have to wait 30 seconds for a reply
There are guys here on RBR who love and understand women and they stick up for us. I think the world of them.
Yup, just like real life, though the anonymity of the internet sometimes causes the bad boys to act up more than they probably do in the "real" world.
pm me. I will drop by your house and kill some spiders, fix a leaky faucet, and take your car to get the oil changed. If I lived on the mainland.
Noooooooooo! I'm the one that saves spiders! Scoop 'em up in dixie cups and take them outside. Now, the oil change part I'll take you up on, you'll only be a couple states away soon....that's not too far to drive is it?
Rune of Rage - when your health goes below 45 you start getting quad for 3 seconds every 5 seconds. When your health goes below 25 you get pent for 1 second every 5 seconds. When your health is below 45 your health slowly increases back up to 45.
Blood Lust Rune - After each kill while holding this rune you get an additional max +100 hp up of 400 hp, but you have to fill that health up to max yourself. If you managed to get the max and fill up to 400 hp you are rewarded with 30 seconds of quad in exchange for your max health being reset back to 100 hp, at which point you have to start over again.
Rune of Brutality- Gib opponents for 5 seconds of quad damage. Very useful when quad is activated. Chances of Gibbing enemies without quad are slightly increased as well
Rune of Humiliation- Enemy suicides, lava deaths, etc. will count as a frag towards you when this rune is held. Opponents feel as though they are slipping on ice when walking near you to raise chances of an accidental lava bath.
Demolitions Expert- Increased explosive blast radius, gives some rockets upon pick up, can also use to set proximity mines that cause a big boom when detonated
Rune of Redemption- Summons a surprise Fiend against the player that killed you, activates upon death like Phoenix
Rune of Friendship- An invincible Scrag is always floating by your side when this rune is held. His rate of fire is very high and does more damage than a regular Scrag
Come to London, better still get to Edinburgh comedy festival - your audience awaits. I can almost envision you meandering the cobbled streets, like a soothsayer/pied piper combo...spewing forth at random, helping people to face the sun or giving them a gentle push in the wheelchair race. Direction is their choice.
I'm in inters, was going to do the international layout the day after but that group has sold out for the saturday.
I'll be camping in the paddock thursday night and maybe friday night with the gixerjunkies lot. Anyone is welcome to follow me up from south wales if required
We are doing our engagement session this spring, and I'm curious if anyone had suggestions for locations? I love the idea of gardens, flowers, "springtime" feel! I was thinking about going up to the Tulip Festival, but it's too far away. Let me know if you have any suggestions
We did a couple of locations. We started out at the Ballard Locks, took some around the locks, there is a little garden area in the locks and then drove a mile or 2 to Golden Gardens. Here is a link to our pics if that helps: http://tatianaskye.smugmug.com/People/Wedding/Valerie-Chad/8099115_Zemrv#528507756_X5xah
"Life is like a camera. Just focus on what?s important and capture the good times, develop from the negatives and if things don?t work out, just take another shot."
I don't know how far away the tulip festival is (or if you've already had your photo session) but Pt. Defiance would have some pretty spots including:
Without a doubt. Point Defiance is probably one of the best places in the Seattle area to do e-photos.
So far no surprises in attending/not attending, but I must admit I'm hoping for at least one surprise guest to attend that we weren't expecting on making the trip!! Haha!
Also have one return so far that has no name written on it and no return address label (a decline), but still would like to know who "it" is definitively
It's a bit late now, but for RSVP's, they recommend either writing people's names on them or writing a number on them (some say in invisible ink) to reference to your guest list. That way you can check to see who those "no name" RSVP's belong to, which most people have at least one.
I just realized that I forgot to do this with mine (invites are going out in a couple weeks), so I'm glad I saw your post.
All of our RSVPs are in! We will have 30 guests joining us for our Vegas wedding. Its always exciting getting RSVPs back!
nicoann, I remembered this part after we received that RSVP back without a name...oh well! Could definitely be worse things to happen!!!
We have gotten about half back, but they have 3 more weeks to send them back. We had a few decide to come that we are exicted about, and a few who decided to opt out that we are bummed about. Out of 110 invites, we figured we'd get close to 70, looks like it'll be closer to 60. Either way, it'll be fun.
"There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." -Friedrich Nietzsche, "On Reading and Writing"
We have had several "informal" RSVPs, as we've just sent out save-the-dates, but people are buying plane tickets for our Mexico wedding. We are looking at about 30 of our invited 110 - about what we were expecting. So excited! We chose the destination because we wanted a very small, intimate wedding, but didn't want to offend anyone in our (large) families by not inviting them. Looks like we are getting what we wanted!
This is what we are hoping for in choosing a DW. We both have very large families and just cannot afford to feed everyone at a reception. That is what we found to be our biggest expense. The food! How silly. Anyway, congrats on getting exactly what you guys wanted!
"It’s not hard to find someone who tells you they love you, its hard to find someone who actually means it"
We chose the destination because we wanted a very small, intimate wedding, but didn't want to offend anyone in our (large) families by not inviting them. Looks like we are getting what we wanted!
When are you ladies getting married? My wedding is May 2015. I sent the Save the Dates the first week in March. I was going to wait until about Oct/Nov to send the Formal Invitation, but I really want an official headcount for budgeting purposes before that. Would July be too early to mail out the Formal invite?....If I give them until maybe the first week of October to RSVP?
@ Tasha682 you would be sending the formal invitations out this July 2014? I don't think its too early but typically what I've heard is that you shouldn't make them due back any more than 2 months before the date. I've heard the standard is that you should ask for them back 15 days before the venue asks for the final head count (ours is 30 days before the wedding so we made the RSVPs due 45 days before the event).
@GlitterWitch22 We sent the save the dates out so early because we wanted to give our guest the opportunity to get on a payment plan and have at least a year to pay for their trip.
Our wedding is December of this year. We are sending invites to Brazil for his family at the end of this month, since they don't do save-the-dates there, and sending them to everyone in the US in June/July. Our RSVP date is Oct. 1, since we have to release rooms at the resort by Oct. 20. I didn't find any of this written anywhere, just kind of going with our gut about timing. Whatever works for you and your guests, do it! Hope this helps.

Pof customer service: There are multiple ways to contact POF customer care. Read our expert's review about POF.com and Download pof app, pof sign up free..
It really depends, my friend. I was at one time enrolled in 5 online dating services, and while I am still single, I have gotten some..ummm. interesting dates.lol. I have left my free profile in most of these online services. If they offer a free trial, make sure you have a profile and a good pic of you ready, because their trial periods are quite short, so you might want to have a great profile and picture in advance BEFORE you enroll in any service. They all have their pros and cons, so I will mention them as best as I can. Do you have any niches that you can find dates on? For example, I like chubby/chunky women, so I enrolled in a bbw online dating service and have gotten a good number of dates. There are similar services catering to people of different races, religions, etc. The personals at Yahoo, though, I have gotten some good first dates but that s about it. For the most part, IN MY EXPERIENCE (yours could be different), it s been a dead end street. Also, for some reason, men do get a lot of emails from local girls that are really those Russian/Ukrainian girls looking for a ticket out of their country. That s one of the main reasons I stopped being a paying member. Eharmony was expensive, and I will tell you that you should save your money because it s not worth it. Sure, their compatibility tests work, but the main issue they have is, if they match you with a non-paying member, you cannot contact each other. Period. And like Yahoo!, a lot of women have profiles that are not paying members, so it s the equivalent of scoring with a stripper without money.lol :-) Match.com, I haven t had much experience with it, but I ve heard it s pretty good, so you re on your own on that one. I have a good friend, though, and she said that her mom met her stepdad in it and have been married since. True.com has the advantage that they check their members out before membership is accepted. They reject membership to married people, people with criminal records, and I think also, those unofficial couples (aka, girl with live-in boyfriend). They also have chat rooms with webcams (a big advantage over the other services.) I wasn t in this service for long, though, because they were sending these email introductions without the other person s consent, which I found rather inconsiderate. For instance, I got several introductions to women, and when I wrote back a reply, they all flipped out because they said they didn t even know about me or my profile s existence. I called customer service and they confirmed my fears that the introductions are done randomly. Needless to say, I cancelled that same night. Hope all this helps. Bottom line again is, your experience could be different than mine, so take all these online services for a test drive before committing to a single one. You can also try pre-dating or going where there is a pretty big number of single women (yoga classes, cooking classes, etc). Good luck!
Get a nice white slip cover for the couch And your problem with the couch is solved. Just remember for future purchases online: check the box specifing what color you would like the purchase item to be.

FDI of the Month May 2018: Zalando – German e-commerce fashion firm set to launch Irish platform | Business & Finance | Business & Finance	
After the German e-commerce company established a technology hub in Dublin in 2015, Zalando will now set up its shop in Dublin this summer.
With this news the online outlet will now have operations in 17 countries. As well as Dublin, the Czech Republic has also been added to the list. This is the first time since 2013 the German company has entered new countries.
Zalando is an e-commerce store headquartered in Berlin. It predominantly deals in shoes, clothing and other fashion items.
It currently operates in 15 European countries but will increase that tally with the addition of Ireland the Czech Republic to its books.
The management team behind the company consists of Robert Gentz, David Schneider and Rubin Ritter; Gentz and Schneider were the co-founders in 2008 while Ritter joined the board in 2010.
We are excited to bring Zalando to new customers, and we believe our unlimited assortment, personalised shopping experience and substantial convenience offering will resonate well with Irish customers.
He continued: We are tackling our expansion smartly, leveraging knowledge from our existing European markets. And we’re operating in usual Zalando style: launch, learn, iterate and scale.
Kenneth Melchior is the Director Northern Europe at Zalando. He will have a key role in the new formation of the company in Ireland. He said:
Ireland has a growing €5.6 billion fashion market and only 6% of this is online – compared to 18%, for example, in the UK. We see great potential for further growth and we believe that zalando.ie will be well received by Ireland’s fashion-conscious consumers.
Zalando is currently collaborating with major brands. From August on, H&M’s Monki brand will be available on Zalando’s platform throughout Europe.
Monki was founded in Sweden in 2006 and is known for its on-trend fashion of Scandinavian and Asian stylings. The name also looks to empower young women through diverse castings, communication and design. It is also the third H&M brand available on Zalando – Weekday and Cheap Monday being the other two.
Our team is comprised of experienced print professionals and graphic designers who can help with your next creative project ...from concept to delivery. Impress offers a full spectrum of services from design collaboration to project management. We support all printing capabilities including digital, offset and any other printing methods that your project may require. See More
Impress Printing was founded in 2002, and is located at 1111 Ne Lnders St Ste 202 in Portland. It employs 4 employees and is generating approximately $270,000.00 in annual revenue.

This is a digital file for a machine embroidery design not an iron on patch. You will need an embroidery machine to stitch it out.
Resizing is not recommended as it may alter your stitch out. If you need another size please contact us.
In the same pot melt a nut of butter and cook the stuffing for about 10 mins until you can't make out the colour of the livers.
Coat with the rest of the butter and place on a grill on top of a grill pan so the juices run free of the bird
When the goose is cooked, remove from the oven, cover with foil and leave to relax. Serve with the juices from the pan and the cooked apples
When advanced gum disease (periodontitis) develops, your teeth are in danger: At this stage, the ligaments and bone tissue that surround them are being destroyed, and you could even begin losing teeth! If the disease can't be controlled by non-surgical treatments like cleaning and scaling, then periodontal flap surgery may be your best treatment option.
Flap surgery is today's leading method for treating and repairing periodontal pockets. What are these “pockets?” They are areas below the gum line where gum tissue has detached from the teeth, resulting in an uncleansable space where harmful bacteria can proliferate. These bacteria cause inflammation of the tissues, resulting in sensitivity, bleeding, and pain. Left untreated, they can cause a host of problems including gum disease, loss of the tooth-supporting bone structure, and possibly even systemic (whole-body) problems.
When periodontal pockets develop, the first step in treating them is usually via cleaning and scaling (also referred to as root debridement) with a manual or ultrasonic instrument. If this isn't effective, then periodontal surgery is considered. Flap surgery isn't a cure for periodontal disease — but it helps create an environment that makes it easier to maintain your periodontal health. And even if you're prone to gum disease, proper professional treatment and regular care at home can help keep your teeth healthy for as long as possible.
One major objective of flap surgery is to eliminate or reduce the pocket itself. To access it, a flap-like incision is made in the gum tissue. This allows diseased tissue to be removed from inside the pocket, and provides access to the teeth's root surfaces for a thorough cleaning, which helps to eliminate harmful plaque and calculus (tartar). Afterward, the “flap” is closed, sealing the area. This begins the healing process, which takes place rapidly.
Another goal is the regeneration of periodontal ligament and bone tissue which may have been lost to the disease. A variety of techniques may be used to accomplish this, including high-tech methods of bone grafting and chemicals referred to as growth factors. These approaches help restore the gums to their normal form and function, and promote the healthy and secure anchoring of teeth.
Flap surgery is typically done under local anesthesia, sometimes accompanied by oral anti-anxiety medications; alternatively, it may be performed under intravenous conscious sedation. After anesthesia has taken effect, a small incision is made to separate the gums from the teeth. The outer gum tissue is gently folded back to give access to the roots and the supporting ligament and bone tissue.
Next, the inflamed gum tissue can be removed, and the tooth roots can be cleaned; if needed, the area may also be treated with antibiotics or other medications. Bone defects can be repaired with grafting material, and proper regeneration of the periodontal ligament can be encouraged by physical (barrier membranes) and chemical (growth factors) methods. Finally, the incision is closed and the procedure is completed.
Performed by an experienced hand, state-of-the-art flap surgery has an excellent track record and offers well-established benefits. It's often the treatment of choice for relieving periodontal disease and helping to maintain your oral health — and preserve your teeth.
Periodontal Flap Surgery Most surgical patients are surprised by how comfortable the experience of flap surgery is and how painless it is afterward. Today's highly sophisticated and meticulous techniques allow the periodontal surgeon to reconstitute, regenerate, and reconstruct lost and destroyed tissues. Find out how periodontal surgery can prolong the life of your teeth... Read Article
Understanding Gum (Periodontal) Disease Have your gums ever bled when you brushed or flossed? This most commonly overlooked simple sign may be the start of a silent progressive disease leading to tooth loss. Learn what you can do to prevent this problem and keep your teeth for life... Read Article

webc is a simple compiler which translates source files into HTML output. The source language looks strongly like HTML code with a bit of a deranged C preprocessor thrown in.
Note that there are other programs around which do some of what this package does as well as other things. One such is PHP. These other programs may suit your needs better than webc. On the other hand, this is a small program which can be quickly changed as needed, and more importantly, augmented with Perl code in a fairly simple fashion. It works for me.
You can obtain a full package from this at: webc-0.62.tar.gz. This file can be extracted on a Unix system with:
The only installation required is to set the top line of webc to the appropriate location of Perl on your system, and to put webc into an appropriate directory which shows up in your search path.
There is a mailing list dedicated to support this package. I use the mailing list to announce new versions, and users can use the list to discuss bugs, interesting uses, or whatever else is appropriate.

La tua email By submitting this form, I agree to allow PrestaShop S.A. to use of the registered email address for sending newsletters and promotional offers.

Orders usually ship within 24 - 48 hours but occasionally we get a surge in orders and it may take 2 – 5 days for the order to be shipped.

I’ve been wanting to start a blog for some time however, never really knew where to start or how to really do it. Once I knew what my blog was initially going to be about I just needed that kickstart. Luckily, I got some inspiration recently and have used others’ blogs to inspire and help me create my first blog. I am no tech pro but it’s quite simple to begin with and hopefully over time I will find lots of tips and tricks to help improve it.
In short, my blog will be full of reviews. Travel, lifestyle, you name it, I’ll blog it. So, if you’ve got a burning desire for me to review something, feel free to get in contact with me!

Re-release of the Demo from 1992 of this outstanding Swedish Death Metal band that practiced a Death Metal more in the vein of first ATHEIST and MORBID ANGEL (especially in the vocals) earlier than other Swedish Death Metals on that time.

Pastor Jeff is away in Chicago this weekend, presiding at the wedding of a college friend. About this time last year, one of our pastor friends had flown home to Milwaukee to preside at the wedding of a family member. The ceremony was held at a park, it was a beautiful day, just the right setting and lighting for a picture- perfect wedding.
Just as the pastor began her sermon, a man who appeared to be homeless wandered in through the rows of chairs. A start contrast to the elegant guests and wedding party, he wasn’t dressed for the occasion. His hair wasn’t combed and he smelled like neither he nor his clothes had been washed for days. All eyes were upon him as he walked right up the aisle and took a seat at the bride’s feet. Right up front, in the middle of everything, the center of every picture.
In this case, an usher quietly welcomed the man to join them for the worship and marriage rite, but asked that he take a seat in one of the chairs. It was a polite attempt. It didn’t work. The man continued to wander around the wedding party and the rows of guests, inspected the musicians, and found his way into their memories, captured on camera.
As a bride, I think I would be horrified! Month of planning, of deciding who should be invited and who ignored, arranging seating charts and training ushers, finding the perfect photographer, all to end up with someone uninvited and definitely not in the color scheme in the middle of it all, drawing all the attention.
There are, after all, books and magazines, websites and tv shows all about how to create the most magical wedding, and avoid faux-pas. I’m sure that random people off the street, especially people who live on the street, aren’t among the wedding desirables!
This generation isn’t the first to have social standards and taboos. Society in Jesus’ day felt a lot like a wedding with its unwritten rules and what to do and who to avoid books. It wasn’t just the host of a wedding or a dinner who had to think about the do’s and don’ts of etiquette, but everyone who had to know and follow these standards.
Part of the social rules were based in religious ideas, others were just a part of their culture. Purity, holiness, and righteousness were major religious ideals. Who you touched or spoke with affected you. Interacting with certain people made you unclean, unfit for worship in the temple. If you wanted to look good in God’s eyes, you’d stay away from people who were sick, crippled, blind, or in the wrong religious group.
A big part of their culture was based on hierarchy. There were only a very few at the top of the society, and everyone else had a specific rung on the ladder of importance, above or below someone else. Hopefully above someone. Another big part of their culture was about honor. Honor had to do with how you behaved, what you did for a living, and how you repaid those who did things for you. Both hierarchy and honor have to do with one individual’s position relative to another’s.
People’s positions were played out in every day interactions. They were especially noticeable at functions like dinners. At the turn of the first millennium, eating at everyday gatherings was worse than the most complicated seating chart today. Instead of neatly arranged, numbered and named tables and settings, guests had to figure out how they ranked in relation to the other guests and choose a seat that was appropriate to their position. Every seat was not the same.
Dinners themselves were opportunities to cement or better your position. To be welcomed as a special friend of a rich and honored host makes everyone else recognize you as someone special, perhaps more important than they had thought. Everyone is watching everyone else, and they’ll remember who sat where: it’ll affect how they act the next day.
Instead of our weddings, judged by the lavishness of the food offered to all the guests, their dinners might include food that fit the station of those being served: the best for the host and specially honored guests, less rich food for those less honored, and so on.
Attending a dinner was an intricate dance, an opportunity to maneuver yourself into a better social position, while trying not to push too far that you might find room for yourself only at the bottom.
Dinner etiquette wasn’t so easy for the hosts, either. They were judged not only on what they served, but on who they welcomed to their tables, and who showed up. As host, you would hope to have a highly honored person attend as your friend, a person whose position could raise your own.
A leader of the Pharisees invited Jesus to dinner one Sabbath. I wonder where the host intended for Jesus to sit, what position he envisioned Jesus taking? Was he hoping Jesus would cause a scene, or just look good among the diners?
Jesus is hardly one to play someone else’s game. As well as he knew the rules and the ropes of good society, he acted as an outsider and questioned them. To the guests he speaks a parable, perhaps giving them advice on how to be more greatly honored, referring to Proverbs. He tells them to take the lowest seat rather than the highest, so that, choosing the lowest, they would not be put down, but would have the opportunity to be raised up. But the Proverbs passage doesn’t advise taking the very lowest seat. It’s Jesus who tends to talk about people in the lowest and last position. In the chapter just before today’s reading Jesus is teaching about the kingdom of God and says, “some who are first will be last and some who are last will be first” (Luke 13:30). Could Jesus be using this dinner as an opportunity, not to raise his position, but to teach people about this new way of life, the kingdom of God that he is bringing in?
To the host, Jesus gives a direct command: “Don’t invite the people you’re supposed to invite to a dinner: your family, friends, and people who’ll be obligated to return the invitation. Instead, invite those people who aren’t invited to respectable dinners and who don’t have the means to invite you back.” This advice goes against every rule in the book, both societal and religious!
Jesus isn’t concerned with social convention. Jesus is bringing in a new way of being. Jesus is trying to make real to everyone what the kingdom of God is. Custom, command, and common-sense are all put aside because the kingdom of God turns every social ladder, every expectation upside down! Dinners in the kingdom of God aren’t just for those who are used to feasting, they are for all of God’s people.
So, you and me, whatever car we drive, whatever our checking account balance, we’re all welcome at Jesus’ banquet table! That’s a great thought to carry you through the week! Warm and fuzzy.
But the difficult reality – and the wonderful promise- is that the kingdom of God isn’t just up there somewhere, a place we go when we die, it’s right here, right now. And we have some responsibility for being a part of it.
In this life, we are both host and guest. Daily, we have opportunities either to welcome or ignore. We can seek to use others for our advantage, or can recognize each other’s individual gifts and personalities as part of God’s creative handiwork. How we act towards each other bears witness to our desire to live out God’s kingdom. At school, in the lunchroom, you can make room next to you for that person who isn’t sure where to sit. Before you go out or have friends over, you can invite someone new. You can build a relationship with that family people tend to ignore or whisper about. You can be the host who welcomes people on the edge of society, those who are not often invited.
Whenever we read in the Bible about the Pharisees or other religious people, we may shake our heads and think they had it all wrong, they always missed the point of Jesus’ teachings. They’re not alone. Centuries later, we still struggle with similar issues; we still miss the point of Jesus’ teaching. We don’t have such elaborate written rules about ritual holiness and cleanliness, but as a church, we still identify people whose actions, illness, or lifestyle makes them unclean, undesirable, and uninvited.
It’s our decision to recognize and live into the kingdom of God. God is at work in our lives, trying to open our eyes to recognize in the outcast and the stranger our neighbor, a beloved child of God. The kingdom of God is coming to us through Jesus.
Jesus ushers in this new kingdom himself, as he embodies its upside down reality. Jesus tells the dinner guests to choose the lowest seat so that they might be raised up. It’s language that is used to describe Jesus’ actions. Listen to this hymn from Philippians: Jesus “emptied himself, taking the form of a slave, being born in human likeness and being found in human form, he humbled himself and became obedient to the point of death- even death on a cross. Therefore God also highly exalted him…” (Phil 2:7-9). Jesus, the Son of God the Father, to whom rightly belongs all glory and honor and praise, chose to set all this aside and take the lowest place. Jesus chose to eat with sinners, to touch lepers, and to talk with prostitutes. Jesus chose to suffer and die in the most despised manner of death. By his presence, Jesus hallowed people who were avoided because they brought unholiness by association. In his commitment to the kingdom of God, he chose accursed humility. Jesus shows the extant to which God is willing to go to make the kingdom of God a reality. There is no one who has been left outside Jesus’ welcome. Through Jesus, all are welcome in the kingdom of God.

Michael Dorsey: “If you keep doing the right thing, for the right reason & with the right intentions, HIS blessing will come”
“You have to be willing to Give Up to Go Up” (You have to be willing to give up personal habits & vulnerability in relationships, give up time and hard work for success, & give up flesh and worldly ways for … Continue reading →
Proverbs 6 6 Take a lesson from the ants, you lazybones. Learn from their ways and become wise! 7 Though they have no prince or governor or ruler to make them work, 8 they labor hard all summer, gathering food for the winter. … Continue reading →
Posted in Inspirational, Faith, and Religious Quotes (archives)	| Tagged inspirational quotes, laziness, lazy people, lazybones	| 1 Comment
Brian K. Rice: “We all have fears. My biggest fear is not doing His will for my life. If we live in Him and Him in us, we have all been called to live out a certain task or tasks … Continue reading →
Deciding on the cream leather footstools needs to be adapted for the purpose of space. As an example, living room area. Offered it is function as a place to accumulate as well as discussion jointly, it is great to choose a cozy sofa and a bit big and this relies on the quantity of families. Choose also furniture that is definitely resistance against the possibility of food or beverage spills. As to beautifying making neat and elegant impression, you can also add special furniture to store the object. Because of today, there are several cabinets and drawers that are fitted with interesting models and designs. Many different places that provide furniture with diverse forms and also the prices are also varied, additionally, it according to your wishes. In order for you the device looks simple then you can buy home furniture by using a cheap price and the other way round prefer a more elegant then your price was more to eat. The important thing is we have to determine the absolute maximum budget for just a good and now we must stay consistent with out shopping forgoods that are more expensive compared to the budget though we appreciate the goods. All home furniture must have a very good shape and design and interesting. However, problems arise when not every person is changing to combine the pieces of furniture while using the room concept. So that even a superb furniture will not guarantee the house space will look stunning as well as interesting.
Managing the cream leather footstools structure along with arrangement for the increased advantage of internal decoration seriously isn't a fairly easy feat. Quite the opposite to what you believe, there are lot of different aspects to contemplate about. It is not just about the design but also the general layout element and formulate a wow result with the easiest and the a lot of minimalist understanding. You don't need to certainly be a specialized insides designer to develop a classy very own room within your own. So long as you know the important areas of the repair, you are able to make a notable outlook that resembles those made by an established decorator. Finding the basic on the cream leather footstools is not as hard as you think.
cream leather footstools is a 2nd prerequisite that is definitely always required by all homes. Without furniture, a room will simply appearance empty and look unpretentious. Therefore, the use of furnishings are thought to be very important. There are plenty of points to comprehend selecting the furniture. Choosing furniture that matches your property concept. Because the theory on the town is rather decisive what furniture would work to fill our homes. Before choosing furniture we must adjust how big the the pieces of furniture design with how big the our homeroom. How big is the pieces of furniture that does not fit with the dimensions and condition of our home can make the surrounding on the town to check full. As an example for the concept of a minimalist residence then with determining to avoid significant family fixtures since it could possibly eat lots of places.
You'll be able to select the cream leather footstools that features a vintage and also contemporary design. A vintage design is generally manufactured from wood by using a natural shade, like the color of lumber brown. Although modern types typically make use of lots of materials manufactured from aluminum and that is coupled with wood design. Although there are other types, you should definitely choose furniture with finishing quality and good upholstery, like varnish materials and techniques, capacity dirt and dust, simplicity of care, and color quality. For longer age as well as endurance, you'll be able to decide on wood home furniture. In addition to all-natural impact, lumber has much better durability, compared to other materials like material and also lumber particles.
Additionally, to take into consideration the shape and size of the property, in selecting furniture we have to also pay attention to the temperature on the room that will be used to put the furniture. Since this will affect taking care of your property furnishings. For furniture manufactured from wood, you need to put it in a very cool room. Straightforward furniture manufactured from glass, you can put it in a somewhat hot room. If you're able to choose the best cream leather footstools design, this can give a terrific impact about the room your own house, and will clearly attract the attention of anyone who saw it. Though the dimensions of your property is not large, if you normally plan your living area and judge the proper cream leather footstools, you'll be able to still feel the house believes huge and comfortable.
Since you currently know the many options and types with the cream leather footstools, what type should you choose? the choice to select the best cream leather footstools is dependent upon your needs, the dimension on the room, and the layout on the room. For instance, should you have a small apartment with quite a limited space with the living room area, it is possible going to choose the sectionals or small sofa instead of the full sofa set. Or if you have kids at your home, you're going to select the safe bit of cream leather footstools (such because one manufactured from leather) instead the ones made on the heavy metal and rock or stone.

Simple, solid, black. Take creativity into your own hands with its patented magnetic system and fun chalkboard finish. Dream Car comes complete with colored chalk so you can customize the bodywork to your hearts content. Tired of your design? Just wipe clean and start again.
Birch wheels affixed to walnut bases, and iconic body styles made of poplar and coated with chalkboard paint. This heirloom toy is crafted from different types of wood for their aesthetic and functional qualities. The wooden bases contain magnets that are recessed when not in use but pop up to secure the body on when needed. Minimal, beautiful, matte finish, you’ll hold on to it for good.
The patented neodymium magnets hidden in the wood are engineered to pop up and snap together, creating a crisp sound when connected.
Precisely milled from solid walnut, beech and poplar wood, and handcrafted into the smoothest texture.
Unleash your inner engineer and artist. The classic wooden car is re-invented with magnets and a matte chalkboard finish.
Build your own dream car. The unique design puts a myriad of creative possibilities into your hands.
Simple, elegant and imaginative. Hold on to these toys that are long-lasting in design and quality. Wipe with water to keep the wood’s natural texture and lustre.
Conforms to safety standards of ASTM F963 and EN71. Finished with low VOC, 100% HAPs free and non-toxic chalkboard paint

During the above maintenance window, you would not be able to Register, Renew, Transfer, Manage .IN domain names with MountDomain.
Security meltdown, keys locked in car, unlocks, replacement, and more - all this requires local locksmith solutions. In case of emergencies, the need becomes more pressing. You are at a remote location and the ignition keys broke. What are you going to do now? Father Son Locksmith Shop is right there to help. We rescue hundreds of clients from similar or stickier conditions on a regular basis in zip code 29466.
We always believe in right away, right now. Keep our contact information on speed dial to make your lock and key troubles vanish. We offer expert solutions just when you need it the most. For 10+ years, we have been serving Mount Pleasant, SC 29466 with thorough dedication and hard work. Through 24/7 locksmith solutions, we are by your side through night and day. Say goodbye to those endless waits for the professional locksmith to help you with a car unlock and get you on the way. We will dispatch our mobile vans immediately when you call.
The location and time of the day cease to matter with us at the helm. The fast response time and incomparable service quality are our own. This makes us different from our competitors in Mount Pleasant, SC area. We offer the whole bouquet of services right from resolving minor residential lock problems to reprogramming the industry smart sophisticated locks. Our expert team is capable of dealing with the most advanced mechanisms including high security laser car keys replacement work.
Besides our emergency locksmith services in zip code 29466, the various specialized offerings include,
Being the most distinguished automotive locksmith around, you can depend upon us for mending broken locks, forging high security keys for vehicle, and fixing jammed lock. We will also program your transponder car keys and repair the ignition problems.
Besides the basic solutions, we offer the best possible business security. We install robust, high quality locking system and devise the keyway-restricted systems for firms.
Are you looking for superior solutions from your affordable locksmith with fast results and timely intervention? Your search is over now because our expert solutions are at your disposal. With years of industry experience, each of our team members is qualified for the projects you have in mind. All you need to do is call us at 843-593-8586.

Lagarde Selects New Director For African Department Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ms. Christine Lagarde, ...
“To establish an Islamic presence in Canada, that is balanced, constructive and integrated though distinct, within the social fabric and culture of Canada”
EMAAN’s mission is to celebrate student achievements and accomplishments. We recognize junior high, senior high and post secondary students excellence in all aspects of life, including academic, community service, and leadership.
The Silken Thomas Accommodation (formerly The Lord Edward) offers guests stylish accommodation in the centre of Kildare town. Located just off the M7 motorway, the Silken Thomas Accommodation is less than a 10 minute walk from Kildare Village Chic Outlet Shopping and 15 minutes from the Irish National Stud. Whitewater Shopping Centre, the Curragh Racecourse and Newbridge Silverware are less than a 10 minute drive away.
Housed in an 18th-century property and located beside a 13th century tower house, this historic building offers guests well-appointed guestrooms, many with original period features. Each room has a multi-channel TV, tea & coffee making facilities, complimentary Wi-Fi, modern en-suite facilities and a hairdryer. Triple, quad and family rooms are also available. Silken Thomas guests also exclusively receive a 10% discount voucher for Kildare Village outlet shopping and a 10% discount off admission to the Irish National Stud.
On-site facilities include Flanagan’s Lounge a contemporary lounge serving food daily, award winning restaurant Chapter 16 and Squires Lil’s, a traditional Irish bar offering a wide selection of craft beers and gins with live music every Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday night. In December 2017, a new late night venue & garden will open at the Silken Thomas.
This is a Non-refundable Rate, you will be charged the total price if you cancel you booking. You will be charged a prepayment of the total price at any time.
Enjoy a Full Irish Breakfast in Flanagans Lounge from 8am to 12 noon 7 days a week.(No need to add breakfast at the next booking stage).
DINNER WITH WINE, BED & BREAKFAST, KILDARE VILLAGE10% DISCOUNT VOUCHER. EAT: In our Restaurant Chapter 16 or Flanagans Lounge (2 course meal for 2)* followed by Breakfast on your day of departure. DRINK: Enjoy a bottle of House Wine with your Meal, and relax in our stylish Lounge or our traditional Bar after your meal. SLEEP:Relax in our comfortable en-suite Double or Twin guest rooms. SHOP: Shop till you drop with the help of a 10% discount card in Kildare Village Chic Outlet (5 min drive). *Supplements may apply on some menu items.
No Payment is taken at the Booking Stage, your credit card is used as security for the booking. No deposit will be charged. Taxes and service charges: 9 % VAT is included. A city tax is not applicable. A service charge is not applicable.
If you have booked a Non-refundable Rate, you will be charged the total price if you cancel you booking. You will be charged a prepayment of the total price at any time.
All cancellations must be made in accordance with our cancellation terms.Cancellations must reach the Silken Thomas 48hrs prior to arrival.
Where a cancellation is not made in accordance with our cancellation terms, we reserve the right to charge you for the first night's accommodation.Whilst every effort is made to fulfill any particular requests which you may have in relation to your stay with us, we cannot unfortunately guarantee that we will be able to meet any particular requests which you may make and our failure in this regard will not constitute a breach of contract. In the unlikely event that we have to change or cancel your reservation, we reserve the right to do so.
However, you have the right to:Accept the changed arrangements as notified; or Make alternative arrangements with us; or Cancel your reservation and receive a full refund of any monies which you have paid to us in respect of your reservation (please note that we shall not be liable for any sums which you have paid to any other persons in connection with your reservation). For the avoidance of doubt, we shall have no further liability to you for any changes to or the cancellation of any online booking.Check in will be at the latest 11pm - unless prior arrangement with Silken Thomas, if after this time booking is considered to be cancelled, and you may lose your reservation.
We currently have no Rooms available online in this room type for this date, contact us directly on +353 45 522232 or email us by filling in your details and your request below to see if we have availability directly.

Blue Tree Systems provides an ELD solution with an Hours of Service Advisor that updates constantly to provide drivers with options available to maximize driving hours based on their current working day/cycle. The HOS Advisor has a Log Edits for Drivers function to correct mistakes in non-drive duty logs. For roadside inspections, the system can be used to send up-to-date logbook information by email or fax. Fleet managers can use the Blue Tree ELD to access live HOS data and to edit duty logs, which are updated in the cab or on smartphones or tablets. www.bluetreesystems.com	

Today I received a letter saying that, further to my application a few weeks ago, my experience as a coach and consultant has been recognised through election to membership of the Institute of Business Consulting.
A few years ago (and before I started this blog) I remember majoring on how the most precious gift we receive at Christmas is Jesus himself, and how we need to enjoy “unwrapping” that gift.
This year I find myself reflecting similarly that it is awesome that God's response to a fallen world riven with rejection, misunderstanding, and alienation, is to give himself – through his son Jesus. He gives himself unconditionally, not requiring a partiuclar response but giving us a choice. Will we receive this gift? Will we accept him?
So in a world where people want to be known, loved and accepted, God does not encourage us to seek acceptance, but to be one who accepts.


Steel City Media, owned by the Frischling family, had sought a buyer to continue to serve the city in a similar manner through local, experienced ownership:
"We've met the new owners and they are committed to producing the same quality content that we've been putting out weekly in print and daily online at www.pghcitypaper.com," said CP Editor Charlie Deitch.
THE BOSTON MEDIA nicknamed Gillette Chairman and CEO James M. Kilts ''King Kilts." Last week, Kilts described himself as ''Boston's Pinata." Both names are inaccurate. In a self-pitying and self-righteous speech to the Boston Chamber of Commerce, Kilts revealed his true indentity: the emperor who wore no clothes. (Full article: 636 words)

We use cookies to enhance your experience on the site and keep statistics. By continuing to browse on our website, we assume that you agree to this use.
The images are copyright protected and there are limitations to how they may be used. You may download one copy of the images on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial, internal use or in your profession as a journalist for journalistic purposes.

This Morning at 10 made my Visit to the President Van Randwick of Guelderland to take Leave of their H[igh] M[ightinesses] and presented Mr. Dumas as Chargé des Affairs in my Absence. Went next to the Hotel de Dordrecht to take Leave of Mr. Gyselaer, and next to that of Amsterdam, to take Leave of Mr. Vischer, who was more bold and open than ever I knew him. Said it was the Statholder who was the greatest; le plus g. t.1 de ce Pays ci—entete come une Mule, &c. He shewed me a Letter from Mr. Brantzen at Paris, which contained that the C. de Vergennes told him, Mr. Fitzherbert had informed him that the Independence of America, would meet with no longer Difficulty. That he had received a special Commission to treat with the Ministers of the United States of America.
At 12 The Agent Vander Burg Van Spieringshoek enquired at the House If I could receive him at one. I answered in the affirmative. Accordingly at one he came, and said that he had it in Command from their High Mightinesses to inform me, that the President Mr. Van Randwyk had informed them of my Intention to take a Journey to France, that they had charged him to make me their Compliments, to wish me a good Journey, and a speedy Return in good Health.
At 3 I went to the House in the Wood and took Leave of the Princess and afterwards of the Prince. He asked me, several Questions. What were my Sentiments of the Negotiation at Paris? Whether I thought the King of Great Britain had taken upon himself, without an Act of Parliament to acknowledge the Independance of America? Who were the Ministers on the Part of America to treat of Peace.—Mr. Franklin, Monsieur.—And who is the other.—Mr. Jay says I.—He who has been at Madrid? says he.—The same.
In the Evening, Mr. <Gyselaer> came in, and We had a long Conversation.2 He told me, that a few Weeks ago, Mr. Thulemeyer visited the Duke de la Vauguion, and informed him that the King, (of Prussia) his Master, would not take it well that the Court of Versailles, or his Minister here, should intermeddle with the Interiour Parties and Disputes in the Republick. And at the same Time the Duke received a Letter from the C. De Vergennes, informing him that the Prussian Minister at Versailles had said the same Things to him: but that he had convinced him that all Jealousy of that kind was groundless.—He told me, that upon this Occasion He entered deep into Conversation, and said that he did not desire Versailles to intermeddle, unless as a Counterpoise to Prussias intermeddling.3 There was an Affair of 1714 which had made the Prince absolute in Utrech, Guelderland and Overyssell. That if the Patriots should attempt to change that, and Prussia should interpose to prevent it, unless they should be supported by France, they must succumb and pass for the Dupes. That he4 must be sensible, if they determined upon this Measure, and France should desert them, they must look out elsewhere.—Ay where?—Perhaps to the Emperor.—Furious.—Ay, but you5 must be sensible that I ought [not]6 to quit your House, without Satisfaction upon this Point.
He7 says the Prince has lately said that some Foreigner would soon interest himself in the Affairs of the Republick. He wished, if I could be usefull to them at Versailles, or here with the Duke that I would.
2. The name in this sentence was heavily scratched out, apparently soon after it was written. The explanation of this can only be that JA thought the revelations of Gyselaar, a leading Patriot who suffered exile after the Prussian intervention of 1787, were too compromising to stand even in a private journal, and he therefore scratched out Gyselaar’s name to prevent any possible disclosure. It is interesting and significant that the diplomats from other courts at The Hague were observing JA’s conversations with leaders of the anti-Orange party at this critical moment. Baron von Thulemeier wrote his royal master Frederick II on 17 Sept.: “It is Adams whom they [the Orangists] accuse of being the leader of a lively intrigue against the Prince, but I do not perceive in the person of this American minister enough address or intelligence to lead any faction” (Marvin L. Brown Jr., ed., American Independence through Prussian Eyes: . . . Selections from the Prussian Diplomatic Correspondence, Durham, N.C., 1959, p. 70–71).
3. Owing to JA’s failure to use quotation marks or to supply clear antecedents for his pronouns, this remarkable conversation is far from easy to follow. The foregoing sentence should probably be interpreted as follows: He [Gyselaar] told me [JA] that upon this occasion [i.e. at an interview with La Vauguyon] he [Gyselaar] entered into deep conversation, and said that he did not desire Versailles to intermeddle unless as a counterpoise to Prussia’s intermeddling.
In my last Letter to Mr. Adams I inform’d Him of the Death of our beloved Uncle Smith—1 had we enjoyed his Life much longer, it would have been greatly desireable—but Heaven was kind in continuing that rich Blessing for so long a Time we have the utmost Assurance that He is happy tho’ We have lost one Source of our temporal Felicity— His Virtues may we imitate and with him share in a better World the Rewards of good & faithful Servants—
I am told Capt. Barnard is to sail to Day, which obliges me to omit many Things, not expecting his Departure for some Days—
as I take it for granted, that you will return in the Spring, it will be necessary to conduct your affairs upon that Expectation— I wish you therefore to give me as early and particular Information relative to the Repairs of Borlands Place & any other Matters as your Distance will permit and that you think necessary to be done—
Mr. Teal who is on your Farm at Medford is an excellent Tenant—2 He informs me that the Farm House is scarcely tenantable, that it is the opinion of those who have viewed it, that it will be best to rebuild it.— I propose to examine it—but would wish for your Directions whether to rebuild in case it should be found necessary—the Cost will be from, £120 to 130—
I expect to see & consult Mr Shaw this Week—he will exchange next Sabbath with Mr Norton our late ordaind Minister— Mr Shaw & his Wife attended the ordination of Mr. Ware at Hingham the Week past & are now on a Visit to his Father—
In one of your Letters, you enquire, whether it would not be best to dispose of your House in Bostn I think not—as but very few Repairs will be required for a long Time to come—at present it yields a clearer Income than all your Lands & Estate in Braintree—
The Genl Court is now sitting— a Resolve has passed for calling a Convention in this Commonwealth to take into consideration the form of a Constitution of Government for the United States &c3 I cannot make any Conjecture what will be the Issue It has warm Advocates for and warm Enemies against it— Mr. John spent the last Evening at my lodgings and is well— He will be at Cambridge to day & attend the Supreme Court some part of their Sitting— Charles & Thomas are well—return to Cambridge to Day from the fall Vacation— present my affectionate Regards to Mr Adams and accept of my best Wishes for your Health & Happiness.
2. Benjamin Teal (b. 1763) of Medford had taken over the farm from his uncle, also Benjamin Teal, upon the latter’s death in 1784 (vol. 5:472, 6:87; Vital Records of Medford, Massachusetts, to the Year 1850, Boston, 1907, p. 138).
3. On 19 Oct. 1787, a joint committee of representatives from the House and the Senate of the Mass. General Court, including Cotton Tufts himself, met to discuss how to respond to the proposed Constitution. Their report recommended calling a state ratifying convention. After some debate, the General Court agreed on 25 Oct. and arranged for the convention to start on 9 Jan. 1788 (Doc. Hist. Ratif. Const. description begins The Documentary History of the Ratification of the Constitution, ed. Merrill Jensen, John P. Kaminski, Gaspare J. Saladino, and others, Madison, Wis., 1976–. description ends , 4:124–125). For the text of the resolution, see same, 4:143–146.
The counsel for the petitioners has entered into a large field of argument against the present bill. He has endeavoured to shew that it is contrary to the constitution, to the maxims of sound policy and to the rights of property. His observations have not been destitute of weight. They appear to have the more force, as they are to a certain degree founded in truth. But it is the province of the committee to distinguish the just limits of the principles he has advanced; how far they extend, and where they terminate. To aid the committee in this enquiry shall be my endeavour, and following the counsel for the petitioners; through the different heads of his argument, I hope to be able to shew, that neither of the objections he has urged, stands in the way of the measure proposed, and that the constitution permits, policy demands it and justice acquiesces in its adoption.
The first objection is drawn from that great principle of the social compact—that the chief object of government is to protect the rights of individuals by the united strength of the community.2 The justness of this principle is not to be disputed; but its extent remains to be ascertained. It must be taken with this limitation: The united strength of the community ought to be exerted for the protection of individuals so far as there is a rational prospect of success; so far as is consistent with the safety and well being of the whole. The duty of a nation is always limited by these considerations. It is bound to make efforts and encounter hazards for the protection of its members proportioned to its abilities, warranted by a reasonable expectation of a favorable issue, and compatible with its eventual security. But it is not bound to enter in or prosecute enterprises of a manifest rashness and folly; or which, in the event of success, would be productive of more mischief than good.
This qualification of the principle, can no more be denied than the principle itself. The counsel for the petitioners indeed admits it in substance when he admits that a case of extreme necessity is an exception to the rule; but he adds that this necessity must be apparent and unequivocal.3
What constitutes a case of extreme necessity, admits of no precise definition. It is allways a question of fact, to be determined by a consideration of the condition of the parties, and the particular circumstances of the case itself. A case of necessity then exists, when every discerning, unprejudiced man, well acquainted with facts, must be convinced that a measure cannot be undertaken or pursued with a probability4 of success. To determine this an experiment is not always necessary: Circumstances may exist so decisive and palpable in their nature, as to render it the extreme of temerity to begin as well as to continue an experiment. The propriety of doing the one or the other, must equally be decided by a judicious estimater of the national situation.
The tendency of the principle contended for, and the application of it in argument, has been to prove, that the state ought to employ the common strength of the society to protect the rights of its citizens, interested in the district of territory in question, by reducing the revolted inhabitants of that district to an obedience to its laws. The enquiry therefore is—can this be done? Is it in a rational sense practicable? Is the state in a situation to undertake it? Is there a probability that the object will be more attainable at a future day? Is there not rather a probability that it will be every day more out of our reach, and that leaving things in their present state, will be attended with serious dangers and incoveniencies? Is it even desireable, if practicable, to reduce the people in question under subjection to this state?
In pursuing this enquiry we ought to bear in mind, that a nation is never to regulate its conduct by remote possibilities or mere contingencies, but by such probability as may reasonably be inferred from the existing state of things, and the usual course of human affairs.
With this caution, no well informed mind can be at a loss in what manner to answer the questions I have proposed. A concise review of the past, and a dispassionate consideration of the present, will enable us to judge with accuracy of the obligations and interests of the state.
The pretensions to independence of the district of territory in question, began shortly after the commencement of the late revolution.5 We were then engaged in a war for our existence as a people, which required the utmost exertion of our resources to give us a chance of success. To have diverted any part of them from this object to that of subduing the inhabitants of Vermont—to have involved a domestic quarrel which would have compelled that hardy and numerous body of men to throw themselves into the arms of the power, with which we were then contending, instead of joining their efforts to ours in the common cause of American liberty, as they for a long time did, with great advantage to it, would have been a species of phrenzy, for which there could have been no apology, and would have endangered the fate of the revolution more than any one step we could have taken.
This idea is too obvious to need being enlarged upon. The most prejudiced will acquit the state from blame for not trying the effect of force against that people during the continuance of the war. Every moderate measure, every thing short of hostility, or a total sacrifice of those rights, which were the original cause of the revolt, and which are the occasion of the opposition to the present bill, were tried. Conciliating laws were passed, overtures made, negotiations carried on in Congress, but all to no purpose.
The peace found the Vermonteers in a state of actual independence, which they had enjoyed for several years—organized under a regular form of government, and increased in strength by a considerable accession of numbers. It found this state the principal seat of the war, exhausted by peculiar exertions and overwhelmed in debt. The embarrassments arising from this situation press us daily. The utmost exertion of wisdom in our public councils, would not be more than equal to extricating us from them. As matters stand, the public debts are unprovided for, and the public credit prostrate.
Are we now then, in a situation to undertake the reduction of Vermont? Or are we likely speedily to be in such a situation? Where are our resources, where our public credit to enable us to carry on an offensive war?
We ought to recollect, that in war, to defend or attack, are very different things—to the first, the mountains, the wildernesses, the militia, sometimes even the poverty of a country will suffice; the latter requires an army and a treasury.
The population of Vermont will not be rated too high, if stated at nearly one half of that of New-York. Can any reasonable man suppose that New-York, with the load of debt the revolution has left upon it and under a popular government, would be able to carry on with advantage an offensive war against a people half as numerous as itself, in their own territory; a territory defended as much by its natural situation, as by the numbers and hardihood of its inhabitants? Can it be imagined that it would be able finally to reduce such a people to its obedience? The supposition would be chimerical and the attempt madness.
Can we hope a more favorable posture of affairs hereafter? Will not the population and strength of Vermont increase in ratio to our own? There is perhaps no essential difference between their government an[d] ours—the necessity of making provision in one way, or another, for the exigencies of the union, and for the discharge of the debts of the state, must continue to subject our citizens to heavier burthens than are borne by the inhabitants of that country; who have no call for revenue beyond the support of their domestic administration. A country possessing a fertile soil exempt from taxes, cannot fail of having a rapid growth.
The enterprise will of course become more difficult by delay, and procrastination can only serve to render the claims of the state and its citizens, in the opinion of mankind, obsolete, and to give the cement of time to the connection which the people of Vermont have in all appearance already formed with the British government. This last point I shall discuss more fully in another place.
I have confined myself in my reasoning to an examination of what is practicable on the part of this state alone—No assistance is to be expected from our neighbours: Their opinion of the origin of the controversy between this state and the people of Vermont, whether well or ill founded, is not generally in our favor; and it is notorious that the eastern states have uniformly countenanced the independence of that country. This might suggest to us reflections that would confirm the belief of the impracticability of destroying, and the danger of attempting to destroy that independence.
The scheme of coertion would ill suit even the disposition of our own citizens; the habits of thinking, to which the revolution has given birth, are not adapted to the idea of a contest for dominion over a people disinclined to live under our government.
And in reality it is not the interest of the state ever to regain its dominion over them by force. We shall do well to advert to the nature of our government and the extent of the state, according to its acknowledged limits. Are we sure we shall be able to govern what we already possess, or would it be wise to wish to try the strength of our government over a numerous body of people disaffected to it, and compelled to submit to its authority by force? For my part I should regard the re-union of Vermont to this state as one of the greatest evils that could befall it, as a source of continual embarrassment and disquietude.
It is hinted by the counsel for the petitioners that many of the inhabitants of Vermont are desirous of living under our government; and sanguine tempers have long ago predicted that they would shortly grow weary of their independence, throw it off and become reunited with us and New-Hampshire of their own accord. There are clear principles of human nature to which we may resort to falsify this prediction. In popular governments the sentiments of the people generally take their tone from their leaders. The leaders of Vermont cannot desire a reunion with New-York, because this would amount to an abdication of their own power and consequence. The people of Vermont will not desire it; because no people ever desired to pass from a situation in which they were exempted from taxes, and in which they suffered no particular oppression, to one in which they would be subject to burthens comparatively heavy.
I pass now to an examination of the constitutionality of the measure proposed by the bill. It is observed that by the constitution, the counties of Charlotte, Cumberland and Gloucester are constituent parts of the state—that one article of it declares that no power shall be exercised over the people, but such as is derived from, and granted by them, that no express power is given to the legislature to dismember any part of the state; and that this silence of the constitution is a tacit reservation of that power to the people.
To all this I answer, that the sovereignty of the people by our consitution is vested in their representatives in senate and assembly, with the intervention of the council of revision and, that the power of dismembering the state under certain circumstances is a necessary appendage of the sovereignty. The practice of nations and the authority of writers conspire to establish this principle; and the safety of society requires it. There are certain situations of Kingdoms and states in which the sacrifice of a part is essential to the preservation or welfare of the rest.
History furnishes abundant examples of such sacrafices. Nations in making peace frequently cede parts of their territories to each other. Civil commotions have many times produced similar dismemberments. The monarchy of Spain after a destructive and fruitless contest to preserve it was obliged at last to surrender its dominion over the Netherlands. The Crown of Austria was in like manner compelled to abandon its jurisdiction over the Swiss Cantons. And the United-States are a recent and still more signal instance of the exercise of the same right. Neither of these instances has been censured or condemned nor the power of the sovereign to accede to the separation called in question.
The celebrated author quoted by the council for the petitioners6 is explicit on this article and decides with clearness that the prince or body entrusted with the sovereign authority may in certain emergencies dismember the empire and lop off a limb for the good of the body. This inferrence from the silence of a constitution, is the reverse of that drawn by the council for the petitioners. Doubts have been raised by particular theorists upon this subject; but their theories were too abstract for practice, and are now exploded by the ablest writers on the laws of nations. Indeed those doubts were chiefly applied to the case of a cession or relinquishment of a part of the empire, still in possession of the sovereign; it has been long considered as a clear point, that where a part of an empire is actually severed by conquest, or a revolution, the prince or body, vested with the administration of the government, has a right to assent to, and to ratify that separation. This is an obvious and important distinction; from which other inferrences of moment will be drawn in another place. It will be found in Vattel. Book IV Chap 2d §.7
Vermont is in fact severed from New-York, and has been so for years. There is no reasonable prospect of recovering it, and the attempt would be attended with certain and serious calamities. The legislature have therefore an undoubted right to relinquish it, and policy dictates that it should be done.
It is of no force to say that this principle would authorise the dismemberment of Long Island, or of any other part of the state; there is no doubt, the same circumstances concurring, the same consequences would result, but not sooner; and it will be the duty of the state to endeavour to prevent a similar extremity.
The next thing, in the order observed by the counsel for the petitioners that presents itself to our discussion, is the policy of the measure.
Against this it is objected that the precedent would be dangerous; that the facility with which the Vermonteers will have accomplished their object, might invite other parts of this state, and the United States to follow the example.
To this I answer, that examples have little to do with the revolutions of empire: wherever such a state of things exist as to make it the interest or the inclination of a large body of people to separate from the society with which they have been connected, and at the same time to afford a prospect of success, they will generally yield to the impulse, without much inquiry or solicitude about what has been done by others, or upon other occasions; and when this is not the case, precedents will never create the disposition. Events of this kind are not produced or controled by the ordinary operations of human policy, care or contrivance.
But whatever may be the effect of the example, it is too late to prevent or redress the evil. It sprang up under circumstances which forbade the application of an effectual remedy, and it has now acquired a maturity which would mock all our efforts to counteract it. Vermont is lost to New-York, beyond the possibility of a recovery; and a passive acquiescence in its independence, cannot make it more formidable, as an example, than a direct recognition of it. Success and impunity are the ingredients that are to constitute the force of the example, and these will exist in either case.
On the other hand the policy of the measure results from two important considerations; the one, that by the union of Vermont to the confederacy, it must of course bear a proportion of the public burdens; the other, that it would be detached from the completion of a connection, already in all appearance begun with a foreign power. The incorporation of Vermont into the confederacy is by the bill, made an express condition of the acknowledgement of their independence.
The first advantage was too obvious to be denied; though observations have been made to diminish its importance. Its inland situation has been noted as a circumstance that precluded the expectation of any considerable revenue from it. But the same thing might be said of the interior parts of this and of the other states; and yet we should make a much worse figure than we do, if our resources were to be drawn wholly from our Atlantic settlements. The country of Vermont is fertile and will soon be populous; and the resources which it may be capable of affording at a day not far remote, though not of great magnitude, will by no means be contemptible.
But the principal advantage to be expected from the measure, is the one mentioned last. Here it is asked, where is the evidence of the fact, where the proof of the connection? Would Great Britain, which has so recently, in a solemn treaty, acknowledged the territory in question, to be comprehended within the limits of the United States, derogate from that treaty, and for so insignificant an object as a connection with a small corner of one of the states, hazard a rupture with the whole confederacy?
Not expecting a formal call for the evidence of the fact, my memory is not prepared to enter into all the details requisite to its full elucidation. I well remember, that during the latter periods of the war, a variety of circumstances produced a connection of its existence every where; in the army, in the legislature, and in Congress. Among other transactions, that came to my knowlege, I shall mention one as nearly as my recollection will serve me. Some time in the year 1781, Fay,8 and Ira Allen, two of the most influential individuals in that country, went into Canada, and we were well informed, had repeated interviews with General Haldimand.9 Not long after, a party of the British under St. Leger, penetrated as far Ticonderoga.
A detachment from that body, fell in by accident with a small party of Vermonteers, fired upon them, killed one of their number and took the rest prisoners. Discovering their mistake, they interred the dead body with the honors of war, and sent the prisoners home loaded with kindnesses and caresses. From that period a free intercourse subsisted between Canada and Vermont.10 This is one proof, and a pretty decisive one to shew that a connection was formed during the war. I doubt not there are others equally strong, within the recollection of other members of the committee. Since the peace, this intercourse has been cultivated with reciprocal zeal, and there are circumstances related (which I shall not repeat as they do not come to me with sufficient authenticity) that look strongly to a continuance of the connection.
If this connection ever existed, what reason have we to believe that it has been since dissolved? To me, I confess, there appears none. On the contrary, the situation of the parties in my opinion forbid the supposition of its dissolution.
I flatter myself, those who know my manner of thinking, will acquit me from a disposition to sow groundless jealousies of any nation. I consider a conduct of this kind, as undignified and indelicate, in a public character; and if I were not persuaded the suspicions I entertain11 are well founded, no motive would have induced me to bring them forward.
It is asked, in substance, what object Great Britain can have in cultivating such a connection; this admits of several answers.
Great Britain cannot but perceive that our governments are feeble and distracted; that the union wants energy; the nation concert. That our public debts are unprovided for; our federal treasury empty; our trade languishing. She may flatter herself that this state of things will be productive of discontents among the people; and that these discontents may lead to a voluntary return to her dominion. She may hope to see in this country a counterpart of the restoration of Charles the second. However mistaken they may be, it is not impossible, that speculations of this kind may enter into the head of a British minister.
The government lately established in Canada—the splendid title of viceroy—seem to look beyond the dreary regions of Canada and Nova Scotia.12
In this view she would naturally lay hold of Vermont as a link in the chain of events. It would be a positive acquisition of so much, and nothing could better answer the purpose of accelerating the progress of discontent than the example of a country, part of ourselves, comparativly speaking, free from taxes. Nothing could have a more powerful influence than such an example, upon the inhabitants of the settlements bordering upon that Country. How far and how rapidly it might extend itself is a matter not easy to be calculated.
But laying aside every supposition of this nature, there are motives of immoderate interest which would dispose the British government to cultivate Vermont. A connection with Vermont will hereafter conduce to the security of Canada and to the preservation of the western posts. That Great-Britain means to retain these posts may be inferred from the interest she has in doing it. The ostensible reason for not having delivered them up heretofore is the infractions of the treaty on our part; but though these infractions in some instances cannot be denied, it may fairly be presumed that they are nothing more than the pretext for witholding the posts while the true motive is the prodigious advantage which the monoply13 of the furr trade affords to the commerce of the English nation.
If Great-Britain has formed the design of finally retaining those posts she must look forward sooner or later to a rupture with this country; for degraded as we are by our mismanagement she can hardly entertain so mean an opinion of us as to expect we shall eventually submit to such a violation of our rights and interests without a struggle. And in such a case Vermont would be no despicable auxiliary.
In the first place the object is not inconsiderable; in the next, our situation is not such as to render our resentment formidable. This situation is perhaps better understood by every body else than ourselves; and no nation would forego a present advantage to our detriment, while it knew that a change of government must precede any inconveniencies from our displeasure.
I do not suppose that the British government would in the present state of things commit itself to any avowed engagements with the people of Vermont. It will no doubt take care to be in such a situation as to leave itself at liberty to act according to circumstances; but it will, and I have no doubt does, by the intermediation of its officers, keep up a secret intercourse with the leaders of that people, to endeavour gradually to mould them to its interest, and to be ready to convert them to its own purposes upon any favourable conjuncture, or future emergency. This policy is so obvious and safe, that it would be presumeable, without any evidence of its existence.
On the part of Vermont, while their fate in the American scale remains suspended, considerations of safety would direct them to such a connection with the British government. They would not choose to lie at our mercy, or to depend on their strength if they could find refuge and support else where.
There is a circumstance too mentioned, with a different view, by the counsel for the petitioners, which would contribute to this connection. I mean the relative situation of Canada and Vermont. It is asked “may not this situation induce Vermont to regret the offer of independence and prompt the people of that country for the sake of commerce, to form still closer connections with a foreign power?”14 I ask does not this situation, which it is supposed might have so powerful an influence, afford a strong presumption of the existence of such a connection. And is it not our true policy to take away every additional temptation?
I shall readily admit that it is very doubtful whether Vermont will accept the proffered acknowledgment of its independence, upon the condition annexed. I firmly believe, that she does not desire it, and that she would be perplexed by the dilemma to which she would be reduced. But whether she accepts it or not, the offer may be expected to have a good effect. It would at least serve to ascertain facts. Her refusal would be a conclusive evidence of a determined predilection to a foreign connection; and it would shew the United States the absolute necessity of combining their efforts to subvert an independence, so hostile to their safety. If they should find themselves unequal to the undertaking, it must operate as a new inducement to the several states to strengthen the union.
In every light therefore the measure on national ground appears adviseable; but it still remains to inquire what will be our duty in respect to the citizens of this state, who are owners of land in Vermont. How far shall we violate their rights, and how far are we bound to make them compensation?
The claim to a compensation is the thing which has been with most propriety urged, by the counsel for the petitioners. Let us however, examine its nature and foundation.
But before I enter into this examination, I shall repeat an observation which I made upon a former occasion—whatever obligations there may be on the part of the state, cannot be encreased by acceding to the measure proposed. If Vermont is not irretrievably lost to this state, the duty of protection which it owes to individuals obliges it to employ the common strength to reinstate them in their rights; if it is irretrievably lost, no rights capable of being rendered effective will be sacrificed; of course no obligation to making a recompence will exist.
But the truth is, the present bill, so far from surrendering the rights of individuals, puts things in the only train in which they will ever have an opportunity of giving validity. The third clause of the ninth article of the confederation expressly declares that all controversies about the private right of soil between the citizens of different states shall be decided by a Federal Court. The counsel for the Petitioners tells us that his Clients doubt the operation of this clause, but as he gives us no reason for the doubt, I shall only say that the terms of it appear to me clear and explicit.
I have no doubt that the petitioners would be entitled to a federal court; and though that court would not decide in such a question like the tribunals of New-York, but upon general principles of natural and political right, I should confidently expect that all equitable claims of our citizens would have their full effect.
It is however further observed on this head, that the expence of such court would exceed the abilities of individuals, and could only be compassed by the resources of sovereign states.
If this suggestion should be admitted to be true (though I think the expence is greatly over rated) yet surely it would be more reasonable to ask the state for its assistance, in procuring a federal court to obtain justice to the petitioners, than to ask it to undertake a ruinous war for that purpose. The difference in expence would not bear a comparison. Indeed the first would be a trifling object to the state, while the last would exceed its abilities, and perhaps end in its disgrace.
But if the bill even contained no provision for obtaining justice to the petitioners, I should hold that the state would not be under a strict obligation to recompence them for their losses. The distinction I would lay down upon the subject is this; If a government voluntarily bargains away the rights or disposes15 of the property of its citizens, in their enjoyments, possession, or power, it is bound to make compensation for the thing of which it hath deprived them; but if they are actually dispossessed of those rights or that property by the casualties of war, or a revolution, the state, if the public good requires it, may abandon them to the loss, without being obliged to make reparation. The author quoted by the counsel for the petitioners, has in view the case of a voluntary disposition of the property of citizens in the power of the state; and his doctrine is unquestionably just—but it does not apply to the case of an actual dispossession by any of those events in which nations have no choice. In wars between states, the sovereign is never supposed to be bound to make good the losses which the subject sustains by the captures or ravages of the enemy, tho’ they should amount to the destruction of his whole property; and yet nothing can be more agreeable to natural equity, than that those who happen to be the unlucky victims of the war should be indemnified by the community. But in practice such a principle would be found attended with endless difficulties and inconveniences; and therefore the reverse of it has been adopted as a general rule. The individual sufferer, however, might with great colour of justice, say to the government, why did you make peace without stipulating a reparation for the damage done to your citizens? If it was necessary for the public good to sacrifice my interests, I have a right to a public compensation for my losses.
Though this case may upon a superficial view appear dissimilar to the one under consideration; yet the principle upon examination will be found as applicable to the one as to the other. The true reason is that the resources of nations are not adequate to the reparation of such extensive losses as those which are commonly occasioned by wars and revolutions; and it would therefore be contrary to the general good of society to establish it as a rule that there is a strict obligation to repay such losses. It is better that there should be individual sufferings, than to admit a rule which would fetter the operations of government and distress the affairs of the community.
Generousity and policy may in particular instances dictate such compensations, sometimes they have been made by nations, but much oftener omitted. The propriety of doing the one or the other must depend on circumstances in which the ability of the public will always be a primary consideration.
I think, sir, I have by this time gone through all the arguments that have been brought against the bill and I hope satisfactorily refuted them.
I shall say a little in answer to the observations drawn from the examples of Roman magnanimity.16 Neither the manners nor the genius of Rome are suited to the republic or age we live in. All her maxims and habits were military, her government was constituted for war. Ours is unfit for it, and our situation still less than our constitution, invites us to emulate the conduct of Rome, or to attempt a display of unprofitable heroism.
One more observation will conclude what I have to say—the present situation [of] our national affairs appears to me peculiarly critical. I know not what may be the result of the disordered state of our government. I am therefore the more solicitous to guard against danger from abroad. Gentlemen who view our public affairs in the same light in which they present themselves to my mind, will, I trust, vote with me upon the present occasion. Those on the contrary, who think all is well—who suppose our government is full of energy—our credit high—and trade and finances flourishing—will probably see no room for any anxiety about the matter, and may be disposed to leave Vermont in its present state. If the bill should fail, I hope they will never have occasion to regret the opportunity they have lost.
As to the petitioners, I shall only say that I have no reason to doubt the purity of the motives with which they are actuated. With many of them I am too well acquainted to permit me to entertain any unfavourable impression of their conduct; but however, their opinion of their own rights or interests may have misled them in estimating the merits of the question before the committee, I trust we shall be cautious how we suffer our judgment of a national question to be biassed or misguided by the speciousness of the arguments, or appearances on which their opposition is supported.17
1. On March 24 a petition from several persons who owned lands “in the district of territory commonly called Vermont” was received by the legislature. The petitioners asked for a copy of the proposed act for recognizing the independence of Vermont (see H’s draft of the act, dated March 14) and asked that they or their counsel be allowed to argue their case before the Assembly. The Assembly resolved that the petitioners be given a copy of the proposed act and that they be granted a hearing on March 28. On March 28 Richard Harison, a prominent New York lawyer, spoke on behalf of the petitioners.
2. Harison had begun his speech by saying that the petitioners for whom he spoke had a right to the protection of the state. “The social compact, to which all the members of society are parties, and by which all of them are bound,” he argued, “was first formed to preserve the rights and properties of each, by the united strength of the whole; and this sacred compact must suffer the grossest violation, whenever the rights and properties even of the meanest individual are sacrificed without the most pressing and apparent necessity.” Harison’s speech is printed in Walton, Records of Vermont description begins E. P. Walton, ed., Records of the Governor and Council of the State of Vermont (Montpelier, 1875). description ends , III, 424–30.
“Such are the ideas of the great Vattel, in his first book, chap. 21st. The same masterly writer declares in the second chapter of the same book, that ‘if a nation is obliged to preserve itself, it is not less obliged carefully to preserve all its members. The nation (says he) owes this to itself, since the loss of even one of its members weakens it and is injurious to its own preservation. It owes this also to the members in particular in consequence of the very act of association.’” (Walton, Records of Vermont description begins E. P. Walton, ed., Records of the Governor and Council of the State of Vermont (Montpelier, 1875). description ends , III, 425–26.)
9. After unsuccessful attempts to secure recognition of Vermont’s independence by the Continental Congress, Ethan and Ira Allen became interested in the possibility of a separate peace and an alliance with Great Britain. General Frederick Haldimand, governor of the province of Quebec, served as the British representative in subsequent negotiations.
10. In the autumn of 1781 a British scouting party encountered a group of Vermonters. A skirmish ensued, and one of the Vermonters, Sergeant Archelaus Tupper, was killed. Colonel Barry St. Leger, the commander of the British expedition, sent a letter to the governor of Vermont, Thomas Chittenden, expressing his regret that British troops had killed a citizen of Vermont.
12. H is probably referring to the changes made by the British in the Canadian governmental system in 1786. Before 1786, the provinces of Canada had been administered by governors. In August, 1786, Sir Guy Carleton, recently raised to the peerage as Lord Dorchester, was named governor-in-chief of all the British North American provinces except Newfoundland. H was mistaken in using the title of viceroy.
“But, Sir, if such a connexion actually subsists between Canada and Vermont, can this honorable house be assured that the present bill will dissolve it? May we not rather suppose that their inland situation and proximity to the lakes may prompt them, for the sake of commerce, to form still closer connexions with a foreign power, and will they not possess opportunities of doing mischief much greater than they have at present, when in consequence of this bill they are admitted into the public councils, and become acquainted with all the secrets of the union.” (Walton, Records of Vermont description begins E. P. Walton, ed., Records of the Governor and Council of the State of Vermont (Montpelier, 1875). description ends , III, 426.)
16. Stating that the Americans should prove themselves as valiant as the Romans, Harison had asked what the Romans would have done “if an inconsiderable part of their citizens had presumed to declare themselves a separate and independent state” (Walton, Records of Vermont description begins E. P. Walton, ed., Records of the Governor and Council of the State of Vermont (Montpelier, 1875). description ends , III, 427).
17. On April 11 the Assembly passed the bill recognizing the independence of Vermont. It was rejected by the Senate.
WAYNE COUNTY, Ohio– A man and woman are arrested, accused of passing hundreds of dollars of counterfeit money to Amish roadside vendors.
Wayne County sheriff’s deputies said that after receiving license plate information from one of the victims, they spotted the suspect vehicle at a gas station in Mt. Eaton on Friday, June 28.
Authorities said the suspects; Monica Nussbaum, 25; and Eric Ramey, 28, both of Orville, were arrested and face a variety of charges at both the local and federal level.
‘I just remember being the most terrified I’ve ever been in my life’: Hostage in Perkins Township home invasion speaks out
Cardinals Cornerback Patrick Peterson is walking back his trade demand. Earlier this week, his cousin tweeted that Peterson was frustrated with the team's performance and wanted to be traded. Peterson said Wednesday he's moving on from that and now his focus, and the team's, is on the San Francisco 49ers. The 1-6 Cardinals host the 1-6 49ers on Sunday.

Also, if there isn't any such thing available, what do other users do? Do you actually fumble around during a session trying to use the right-click menu?
"fumble around" probably only applies if you're using a touch pad or touch screen. When used with a mouse it is very quick to right-click and select an option.
I usually have between 5 to 7 tabs open during a session. One is the session notes, the other the material relating to where the party is and what they are doing and the others for things like spells, feats, monsters...
This is one a HP Envy 17 (so a fairly recent and nimble machine). A times there is a bit of a lag but nothing that stops the game for more than a minute or so.

Butcherquip has a range of Sausage Meals & Small Goods which includes your Traditional Sausage Meals if you like the Plain Sausage Meals or if you like something with more flavour or Spice then check out the selection of Gourmet Sausage Meals we have on offer. Our Small goods range includes European Sausage Meals like Salami, Continental, Kabana or Kransky Meals.


Need extra help and support with your dating life, or building your confidence? Rozanne offers personalized private coaching via skype or email. Simply select the type of coaching you would prefer, and send me an email at lifeisrozie@gmail.com and we will get back to you.
1 HOUR private one-on-one coaching, personalized for you and your situation. Whether you need help making a killer first impression on a first date, need some confidence boosting, or you simply need someone to talk to, Rozanne is here to help!
Need specific dating advice? Why not get personal counseling from Rozanne herself? $10 PER EMAIL of advice.

¿	Following this acquisition, Enel Green Powers installed capacity in Greece will exceed 133 MW from the current 127 MW ¿	The agreement entitles Enel to exercise an option for the acquisition of a wind pipeline of approximately 280 MW.
Athens, October 23rd, 2009  Today, Enel Green Power signed an agreement for the acquisition of two subsidiaries of the Domiki Crete and ATESE Groups (hereinafter: the Groups) in Greece, namely:
1) Aioliko Voskerou S.A., with an operational 5.95 MW wind park located in the Prefecture of Heraklion (Crete) as well as the companys pipeline.
Following this agreement, Enel Green Powers installed capacity in the country will exceed 133 MW from the current 127 MW.
On September 1st 2009, Enel Green Power submitted to Domiki Crete S.A. and ATESE S.A. a binding offer, accepted on September 3rd 2009, therefore greenlighting Enels acquisition of Aioliko Voskerou S.A. and Aioliko Koukoulona S.A.
"Enel Green Power is a worldwide leader in renewables and Greece with its huge growth potential in this sector represents key market to us," commented Francesco Starace, President of Enel Green Power. "We are committed to further investing in this country and, after the two wind parks and the mini-hydro plant we started operating this year, this most recent acquisition represents another step to reach our growth target in Greece."
Moreover, the above mentioned agreement also entitles Enel to exercise an option for the acquisition of a wind pipeline of approximately 280 MW from the Groups.
Enel Green Power is the Enel Group company dedicated to developing and managing worldwide energy generation from renewable sources in Italy and abroad. It operates over 4,500 MW in plants relying on hydro, wind, geothermal, solar and biomass sources in 14 countries in Europe and the Americas. With over 17 billion kWh produced annually, Enel Green Power is an European leader in the renewables industry.
Rome, Osaka and Geneva, October 13, 2010  Enel Green Power, Sharp and STMicroelectronics announced today the appointment of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of their new joint venture company 3Sun by its Board of Directors, constituted at the end of July 2010. The appointment is in line with the agreement signed by Enel Green Power, Sharp and STMicroelectronics on January 4, 2010.
The goal of the joint venture is to start operations at the Catania factory for integrated production of innovative photovoltaic cells and panels.
The new Chairman of 3Sun is Andrea Cuomo, STMicroelectronics Executive Vice President for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region. Cuomo will also retain his position at ST, which he has held since January 2008, and will continue to head up STs Advanced Systems Technology (AST) group and be a member of STs Corporate Strategic Committee. Born in Milan, Italy, in 1954, Cuomo joined SGS Microelettronica, a predecessor company of STMicroelectronics, in 1983.
The new Chief Executive Officer of 3Sun is Mauro Curiale, since January 2007 in charge of Enel SOLE, a subsidiary of Enel Group and a leading company in the construction and management of public and artistic lighting systems. Curiale is also a member of the Board of Directors of AIDI (Italian Lighting Association). Born in Ancona, Italy, in 1952, Curiale began his professional career with ENEL in 1981.
The new Chairman and CEO are members of the 3Sun Board of Directors. The headquarters of 3Sun is in Catania, Italy.
Enel Green Power is the Enel Group company focused on the renewable energy sector with a presence in Europe, North America and Latin America.
Enel Green Power is a global leader in renewables with about 5.800 MW of installed capacity and over 600 plants in 16 countries that produced in 2009 around 21 billion kWh from water, sun, wind, geothermal and biomass.
Since its founding in 1912, Sharp has developed numerous world-first and Japan-first products, including the first Japan-made radios, TVs, and the worlds first all-transistor/diode desktop calculator. Sharp has contributed to society by commercializing these unique products.
Today, in addition to its core LCD TV business, Sharp is also focusing on its solar cell business. It has been more than 50 years since Sharp first started researching solar cells. Over this long period of time, solar cells made by Sharp have been used not only in residential and industrial applications, but also on lighthouses and satellites, thus proving their long-term reliability. In March 2010, Sharp Corporation started operations at its new thin-film solar cell plant in GREEN FRONT SAKAI, Sakai City, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. For more information, please visit Sharps Web site at http://sharp-world.com/index.html
STMicroelectronics is a global leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications with innovative semiconductor solutions. ST aims to be the undisputed leader in multimedia convergence and power applications leveraging its vast array of technologies, design expertise and combination of intellectual property portfolio, strategic partnerships and manufacturing strength. In 2009, the Companys net revenues were $8.51 billion. Further information on ST can be found at www.st.com.

(ISMRM 2012) Effects of Low Pass Filtering and Autocorrelation on Resting State FMRI as Investigated Using a Regression Model in SPM8
Effects of Low Pass Filtering and Autocorrelation on Resting State FMRI as Investigated Using a Regression Model in SPM8
We examined an interaction between the low pass filtering (LPF) and the first degree autocorrelation (AR(1)) on SPM8 platform using resting state fMRI. We set 2 different procedures for the same data: with or without an LPF at 0.1Hz. Time courses were extracted from 3 cognitive mode network (CMN) regions as well as 3 default mode network (DMN) regions. We set 2 different GLMs for both of LPF and no LPF data: with or without AR(1). The LPF and the AR(1) acted in an opposite way with each other; specifically, the LPF enhanced DMN activity, whereas the AR(1) decreased.
acted activation additional aimed almost amplitude analyses analyzed another appeared application applied array autocorrelation brain careful characteristics chin codes cognitive coil college computational condition conditions consent constituted contrast contrasts convenient correlated cortex course courses decrease decreased default depended derivatives derived design detect diminished dummy effective efficient employed enhanced examine extractions fifteen filter filtering fluctuation fluctuations fluid fourth frame frequency green identical implemented individual intensity interaction interleaved investigated kinds largely lateral maps materials matrix medicine might mode model national network opposite panel paradigm parietal pass people placed platform posterior powerful preprocessing previous procedures processed profound pulsation purple quite random realign realignment rectangles reduction regression regressions regressors remaining rendered repeated repetition respiration resting resultant revealed scanner sciences section sections seed segmentation separately smoothing software sources space spatial specifically specified sphere spurious statistics subject subjects successfully task temporal tendency theorem thick timing trio turquoise typically uncorrected underwent upper volume volumes whereas white yield yielded

Inhabit the sandy world of a hermit crab in this VR Touch game. The scenery is beautiful, but today you must focus on survival, you need new shells. They can be scarce so it's best to stockpile them while you can. Use the hand controllers to earn points by scavenging shells with your claws, and bringing them back to your island. The bigger and more colorful, the better. Time is running out as the tide rolls in, so be sure to listen for the waves, or you will be swept out to sea!
As the waves roll in, the sea level around the crab's island will rise. Each wave clears the previous shells, and deposits a new shells. After the waves crash, the sea level begins to decrease around the island. The lower water level is good for collecting the best shells that were previously out of reach. Listen carefully to the ocean waves, as they indicate when the sea level will rise. Be sure to have time to return to the island with your prize shells before the next wave! Watch the sun and the moon in the night sky, as they are clues to the sea's behavior.
In order to download this game you must purchase it at or above the minimum price of $4.99 USD. You will get access to the following files:

This makes about 12 dozen meatballs (5 batches) that can be frozen in batches and used in numerous ways. Two uses follow the basic recipe.
In a large bowl, beat eggs. Add the next 5 ingredients. Add beef; mix well. Shape into 1-inch balls, about 12 dozen. Place in single layers on ungreased 15 x 10 x 1-inch baking pans.
Place meatballs in an ungreased 1-quart baking dish. Combine the next 5 ingredients, pour over meatballs. Cover and bake at 350 degrees F for 1 hour.
Drain pineapple, reserving juice. Set pineapple aside. If juice does not equal 1 cup, add some water to it as needed. Pour into a large skillet. Add the measured 1/3 cup water, vinegar, soy sauce, brown sugar and cornstarch; stir until smooth. Cook over medium heat until thick, stirring constantly. Add pineapple, meatballs and green pepper. Simmer uncovered for 20 minutes or until heated through and sauce has thickened some. Serve over rice.
Season the chicken strips with Cajun spice and blacken them. Place on top of salad and garnish with sour cream and salsa.
After a couple of days with the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 we’ve decided on five apps that help make the S-Pen more artistic, the big screen more bountiful and the 8-megapixel images infinitely more editable. So if an out of the box quad-core powered phablet packing HD Super AMOLED splendor and 5.5-inches of screen size hasn’t wowed you enough, wait until you try out these bad boys.
If S-Note isn’t comprehensive enough for your artistic abilities, you might want to check out SketchBook Mobile. With a host of brushes and tools for your S-Pen, when it comes to sketching, it’s much more complete an artist’s toolkit than Samsung’s own app. In addition to these features, it also includes support for layers and multiple file format exports, helping to make the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 perfect for on the fly S-Pen illustrators.
Even Sketchbook has its limitations though and with no pressure sensitivity, it’s a real shame it doesn’t take advantage of that awesome Note 2 feature. For illustrators looking for an alternative, altogether more sensitive pen input experience, just download LayerPaint. While the menu system is a little more complicated than Sketchbook or S-Note, it allows you to do some really cool things like change your canvas size and export your creation as a Photoshop file and like Sketchbook, packs a host of great brushes and illustration tools.
With its 5.5-inch 720p HD Super AMOLED screen, it makes sense to use your Samsung Galaxy Note 2’s display to read on. What’s our preferred way of doing this? Just install the Kindle app and if you’ve already got one of Amazon’s eReaders, all your eBooks will be just a tap away. What’s great about Kindle is that thanks to Amazon’s WhisperSync, if you stop reading on one device you can simply resume the last read location on another.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 2’s camera is great, but the incredible Samsung Photo editor isn’t on board out of the box. To get it on your Note 2, you’ll need to open the Samsung Apps application. This will require an initial set up with your Samsung Account, but once done, just search for Photo Editor, install it and you’ll be able to finesse your pictures with little more than a swipe.
Another notable absence from our Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is Polaris Office – or any document editor for that. This could be because ours was an early sample, so your version may have this on board, but if it doesn’t, you’ll probably want to download an office editor or viewer of your own. Our editor of choice is Documents to Go by DataViz. You can download the document viewer for free, but if you want to edit documents you’ll need to purchase a licence. This isn’t cheap at £9.29 on the Google Play Store, however it’s a fair price when looking at other editors and provides robust Google Docs integration as well as the ability to handle your documents, spreadsheets, PowerPoint files and PDFs with ease.
Windows Phone’s next update which is going under the codename Tango is increased appeal. Given Microsoft’s determination to increase their smartphone marketshare after some concerning stats were released earlier this month, we are already hearing of two patterns emerging that will help the operating system flourish across markets.
Firstly, will be made evident by the release of the Nokia Lumia 710 and the ZTE Tania, there is likely a consumer-base for lower priced Windows Phones which Microsoft will need to tap into in order to attract a wider audience to their OS. Tango is suspected to drop the minimum requirements for the platform and in turn, the price which should make for a good start.
Secondly, Language support. The latest word is that Tango will offer support for 85 languages in addition to the 35 languages currently supported bumping up the total to a 120 languages. Given that the source of this news is said to be a developer event in India, with the original story having been taken down, perhaps after a slap on the wrist from Microsoft may well lend credibility to this impressive language support boost. Is this enough? Would a lower price-point and additional language support entice you into the world of Windows and live-tiles? Answers in the comments section:
This may well be the quickest blog I’ve ever written because I’m annoyed! Why? Because I’ve realised that if I asked you “is financial abuse domestic violence”…you’d probably say either no, or , that you weren’t sure . AND …because in the past week alone I have met so many women who , once I … Continue reading “Is Financial Abuse Domestic Violence? Absolutely….find out more here…”
Author Bella CampbellCategories About Narcissism, Narcissism and Mental Health, Recovery From Narcissistic AbusePosted on June 19, 2017 August 14, 2017
You’re amazing to have stayed this long but enough is enough , you can’t take anymore. You’ve given it your best shot , more than would be expected but you’re at breaking point. You feel its time to act but you’re not sure how. Let me be clear….there’s nothing easy about this process so I’m … Continue reading “Getting Out : How to Leave a Narcissist-From My Experience”
Author Bella CampbellCategories About Narcissism, Narcissism and Mental Health, Recovery From Narcissistic AbusePosted on June 6, 2017 August 14, 2017
GASLIGHTING? What is it ? Gaslighting is a term which describes the psychological abuse perpetrated by the narcissist on his /her victim . Victims commonly say they thought they were going insane at the hands of the crazy making Narcissist. Beware! This can happen to anyone, not just the emotionally vulnerable. A friend of mine … Continue reading “The Crazy Making Narcissist – Blinded by the GasLIGHTing”
Author Bella CampbellCategories Recovery From Narcissistic AbusePosted on June 4, 2017 August 14, 2017
What qualities come to mind when you think of a hero ? When I was thinking about this I asked a few of my friends this question. COURAGE was the one quality that everyone included in their list . I wonder how you would have answered ? I’d like to know so please join in … Continue reading “You Are the Hero in Your Own Story: Recovery from Narcissistic Abuse.”
Author Bella CampbellCategories Dog as My Doctor,Cat as My Nurse-Review, Healing Products for YouPosted on May 28, 2017 August 14, 2017
Product: Paperback : “Dog as my Doctor, Cat as my Nurse” by Carlyn Montes De Oca L.aC M.O.T.M Price: A$11.52 Cheapest Place to Buy: Amazon.com My Rating: 5/5 Review “Dog as My Doctor, Cat as My Nurse is a simply gorgeous book which I hope you will read, learn and adopt a pet! … Continue reading “Dog as my Doctor,Cat as my Nurse:Review-Read,Learn and Adopt a Pet!”
Why dont they believe me? I found this to be the most confronting thing about my experience of being in a narcissistic relationship. I knew for some time that I wanted and needed to tell someone that everything was not right. But I couldn’t put my finger on just exactly what it was that was … Continue reading “No-one believes me.. the narcissist’s victim shamed into silence”
Author Bella CampbellCategories Recovery From Narcissistic AbusePosted on May 22, 2017 August 14, 2017
Hello and welcome to my warm and fuzzy page about the healing benefits of hugs! Who doesn’t love a big hug? You may think that everyone does, but yes, there are people who don’t really enjoy it very much at all ……..and can’t you feel it ! It feels as feels as if they cant … Continue reading “The Healing Benefits of Hugs”
So you’d like to be able to relax, work , sleep and feel better? And some well meaning friend recommended you purchase an essential oil diffuser! Welcome to a whole world of choice and probably a bit of confusion! You could be on the web for hours , even days looking for the perfect diffuser … Continue reading “Smiley Daisy Hibiscus Essential Oil Diffuser Review-Relax,Work,Sleep and Feel Better.”
Author Bella CampbellCategories Narcissism and Mental HealthPosted on April 26, 2017 August 15, 2017
Hi and welcome to my blog post on living with the anxiety that comes with living with a narcissist. There’s no doubt that as victims of the narcissist we can very quickly and easily descend into head spin with anxiety. It’s unavoidable given the many different masks our narcissists are able wear , sometimes a … Continue reading “Head Spin with Anxiety”

I spent most of my weekend in game prep. A good chunk of prep was piecing together what I’d done and what I’d planned to do five years ago. Some of my notes were helpful, some confusing. I ended up sending a timeline to the players that included two game sessions of stuff that we hadn’t gotten to yet because I’d done so much prep for those sessions that I thought we’d actually played them!
Much of the rest of my prep was figuring out (and in some cases retooling) the metaplot. I like the adventure path for setting and encounter details, but the metaplot of Queen Ileosa eating huge bags of stupid-evil for breakfast with a generous dollop of weirdly anti-queer misogyny… just doesn’t work for me. And it wouldn’t work for my players, either. Leaving aside the problematic gender politics, when you have smart players, you need a smarter villan (or set of villains, or in my case, factions of ‘tagonists all with different, complicated, sometimes overlapping, and always ethically complicated agendas).
I had a mini char-gen session with Bryn and Adrienne. Bryn played a social rogue con artist (Renata/Arenzia) in the first iteration of the game, so we spent some time going over the new-to-us unchained rogue mechanics, pricing and selling the treasure that never got sold five years ago, and talking about the long con her character has been running and how it has progressed over the past six months of in-game downtime. She already hates her courtly foil, Lady Melia Arkona, who has set a fasion for wearing gaudy jewelry – lots of it – at court, meaning that “Lady” Renata can’t attend as many functions as she needs to. I suspect Lady Melia is not long for this world.
Adrienne is newish to gaming (she avoided it for years and then fell hard with Bryn’s L5R game), so char gen with her was a little different because she doesn’t have that gamer thing of having grown up steeped in the books and knowing all the possibilities open to her that she’s wanted to play but hasn’t yet had a chance. However, she’s a big fan of the sharks of Same-Z (especially Shumoku). When she jokingly asked if she could have a shark, I took her seriously (my philosophy of GM’ing is that there’s always a way to give a player what they want and still keep things true to the setting — you just have to think creatively). Jigsaw sharks are a thing in this setting and module, so at first I kicked around the idea that she could be a necromancer who only animated dead animals… for ethical reasons?
Now, also in the setting module, they mention that the local Shoanti tribes (who got booted out of Korvosa by Chelish colonizers about 300 years previous) hunt bulette and bring it to the city to sell. So again, the setting-as-written supports this outrageous idea. Having a Shoanti PC works great for my modified module (because of course part of the story I’m telling is going to be critical of the massacre and displacement of the Shoanti in ways that the real setting materials… aren’t).
So I pitched to Adrienne the idea of a nomad princess with a landshark animal companion (druid, using a hybrid snapping turtle/crocodile template because a real bulette would be so overpowered). She loved it. The bulette is a runt with a hammerhead mutation. His name is Olon Toms (which I’m informed means ‘hungry potato’ in Mongolian?) I suspect he’s going to win a lot of hearts and minds to the Shoanti cause.

UTS #18, Unicode Regular Expressions provides the foundation for handling Unicode characters in regular expression engines, a key component of many programs and programming languages.
There are significant additions and changes in the new proposed update of this specification, with the addition of Name_Alias matching, matching rules from UAX #44, use of the new Script_Extensions property, new recommended properties, a compact form of \u{...}, alignment of rule RL1.4 with Appendix C, and the incorporation of text for PRI #179.
There are several of review notes requesting feedback on particular issues. Please submit feedback on those and the rest of this document by May 1 for consideration at the UTC meeting starting on May 7. For details, see:

Playa del Sol is close to Shopping, wineries and the lake is just a couple minutes walk. You’ll love my place because of The amenities centre. My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travellers, and families (with kids).
Excellent condo on the pool deck. Far enough from the pool that it wasn't most and you didn't have people walking by at all hours, but close enough to be right in the fun when you wanted to be.
Great location , especially for a family with children- close to beaches & pool/hot tub just steps from your door! Leanne welcomed us and made us feel right at home. We would gladly stay again. The unit had everything we needed.

Generate pre-paid UPS shipping labels directly on the store order's page and quote accurate real-time shipping rates in the checkout.
Estimate how many packages are necessary to ship the products that the customer has chosen to buy (based in the package's that you chose to use).
Quote accurate real-time shipping rates in the checkout process, including insurance and additional charges.
Estimate how many packages are necessary for shipment, based in the packages that you have chose to deliver your products.
The Moduleis the best way to keep customers spending more money on your products until they get a free shipping.

Eden (Ref : UKC2582) in Broughton, near Skipton Pet Friendly with hot tub - cottage weekend and short breaks at Holiday Cottages in North Yorkshire
Eden in Broughton, near Skipton, Yorkshire sleeps 12 people. Eden near Skipton can be seen as you pass the magnificent stately home of Broughton Hall and climb up the single track road through the estate.
This magnificent detached house commands a secluded position, surrounded by the 3000-acre grounds of the Broughton Hall Estate... and a few sheep! A popular venue for a wedding and perfect for a group of friends or a family gathering, Eden offers plenty of space and comfort for everyone. The huge, high ceilinged living room provides a stunning space for everyone to get together in one room. The kitchen is flooded with light thanks to the cathedral-style window and French doors. With a large central island and breakfast area it will be the hub of the house for a natter over a cup of coffee each morning. The traditionally furnished dining room provides contrasting décor to the stylish and contemporary furnishings throughout the rest of the house, but gives ample opportunity for all guests to dine together. A simple relaxation/reading area at the bottom of two staircases provides a quiet retreat. One staircase leads to just two of the bedrooms and a bathroom which gives privacy to those who want to slip away early or to a small family. There are two bedrooms and a bathroom on the ground floor as well as level access throughout the house.
Outside, a sunken wood-fired hot tub for 6 guests provides further relaxation opportunities and the vast expanse of flat lawned garden is ideal for ball games. If you’re planning a party, it’s the prime spot for a marquee to extend the celebrations! Hidden within the two-storey garage is a bar and children’s room, ideal for all guests.
Wander through the huge grounds, meander along the river and explore to your heart’s content. You may even stumble across the cycle track in the woods so don’t forget to bring your bikes with you! For a little more adventure, why not book a Land Rover Experience at the course on site (by direct arrangement with the owner).
Just a few hundred yards away is the A59, but Eden will feel like a million miles away. Just 3½ miles away is the busy town of Skipton with its long, cobbled high street, an eclectic mix of independent and high street shops and an abundance of cafes and tea rooms await. Stroll along the canal, through the woods or discover Norman history at Skipton Castle.
Within 10 miles drive is Malham with its breathtaking 260ft high limestone cove. If you’re feeling fit, climb the steps to the top where you’ll be rewarded with magnificent views down the dale and be able to see one of the finest examples of limestone pavement in the country, which was also used in a scene from one of the Harry Potter films! Alternative easy walks include Gordale Scar, also a film location for Harry Potter.
For a relaxing day out venture further into the Yorkshire Dales to the picturesque villages of Grassington, 12 miles, and Kettlewell, 5 miles further, calling at Kilnsey Trout Farm on the way and a stop off to watch the climbers hang off Kilnsey Crag. Many walks and cycle routes for all abilities can be found here and all around the area. Country pubs serving local produce are within easy reach of Eden should you wish to dine out during your stay, with the closest just 500 yards away and easily reached via a stroll through the estate grounds. Eden provides a tranquil retreat away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life but will come alive when filled with your family and friends, yet is within very easy reach of the main town of Skipton and surrounding attractions – what more could you want!? The shops are 3½ miles from Eden near Skipton, with the pub/restaurant being 500 yards from Eden.
Living room: With wood burner, 32 Freeview TV, DVD player, iPod dock, beams, wooden floor and French doors leading to garden.
Kitchen: With breakfast area, electric Range, microwave, Fisher and Paykel fridge/freezer, dishwasher, DAB radio, stone floor and French doors leading to garden.
Bedroom 3: With king-size bed and en-suite with bath, hand held shower and toilet (Jack and Jill shared with bedroom 4).
Bedroom 5: With super king-size bed, double sofa bed (for 1 guest), dressing area, beams, wooden floor and en-suite with bath, hand held shower, shower cubicle, toilet, heated towel rail and wooden floor (Jack and Jill shared with bedroom 6).
Biomass/oil central heating, electricity, bed linen, towels, Wi-Fi and logs for wood burner included. Travel cot, highchair and stairgate available on request. Welcome pack. External room with bar and children’s play area. Large garden with garden furniture and gas barbecue. 3000-acre grounds (shared with other properties on site). Wood-fired hot tub for 6 (private). Private parking for 20 cars. No smoking. Please note: There is an unfenced river in the grounds, 100 yards. Holidays at Eden run from Monday to Monday.
You can find more large holiday cottages (that's cottages which sleep 8 or more people) in North Yorkshire. If you want to see more large cottages, have a look at large cottages in North Yorkshire.
Eden is in North Yorkshire; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in North Yorkshire. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Do you want to holiday near Eden (UKC2582), you can see other cottages within 25 miles of Eden; have a look to find your perfect holiday location.
The Den at Culross (Ref : UKC2130) in Culross, near Dunfermline Pet Friendly with hot tub - cottage weekend and short breaks at Holiday Cottages in Fife
The Den at Culross in Culross, near Dunfermline, Fife sleeps 4 people. The Den at Culross near Dunfermline is a detached holiday cottage with a summerhouse and your own private hot tub - the perfect spot for family and friends to spend time together. The Den at Culross is situated on a working farm, accessed by a farm track, in a quiet and peaceful location in Fife, with spectacular views over the surrounding countryside to the hills and mountains beyond. All on one level, the property boasts a well-equipped kitchen with state of the art appliances. There is also a very comfortable living room with a wood burner, comfortable furnishings and views of the garden. The enclosed outside area is private and quiet, and the front garden has a lawn which provides a great place for children to play in, or you can catch the morning sun and have breakfast al fresco. Furry friends are welcome too, and if you would like to leave the dog while you go off exploring for the day, an outdoor kennel with a run is in the garden and a hutch is also available for other little friends.
Perfect for guests who enjoy a walking or cycling holiday, there are many established bridle paths, footpaths and cycle paths in the area. A selection of paths can be found on the doorstep, the owner’s land leads to the ancient Balgownie Wood, giving you access to the Fife Coastal Path and the conservation village of Culross, with cobbled lanes, red pantiles roofs and painted houses dating back to medieval times. The village has also been the filming location for the epic TV series ’Outlander’ and was transformed to the fictional village of ’Cranesmuir’. Devilla Forest is a great place for a walk or cycle, with standing stones and lots of local wildlife to spot. Exploring the area could not be easier, with major road networks within easy reach giving access to Edinburgh, Glasgow, Stirling, Perth and St Andrews, which are all under an hour by car or by rail. The beach is 5 miles from Culross near Dunfermline. With the shop 1¼ mile, and the pub & restaurant are 1 mile from Culross.
Kitchen/dining/sun room: With electric cooker, microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washer/dryer and tiled floor.
Gas central heating, electricity, bed linen, towels, Wi-Fi and logs for wood burner included. Travel cot and highchair available on request. Welcome pack. Lawned front garden. Enclosed rear courtyard with summerhouse, garden furniture and barbecue. Hot tub for 5 (private). Kennel, run and guinea pig hutch available. Bike store. Private parking for 2 cars. No smoking. Please note: There is a step up to the hot tub and summerhouse.
The Den at Culross is in Fife; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in Fife. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Do you want to holiday near The Den at Culross (UKC2130), you can see other cottages within 25 miles of The Den at Culross; have a look to find your perfect holiday location.
34 white bbw Looking for men 40 plus I am west of ft worth I do mature live with someone would like to txt and talk and see what happens 940 please txt first 327 thanks for reading 9927
Hi Boys Im looking affair for some fun if your down to have fun let me know Im looking for some nasty fin
If you ask me, mothers that have had children (now over 18 to 35 or so moved out, which would make them aged anywhere from around early forties to late sixties) and are free to date younger men are awesome.
I am a woman white blue eyes long brown hair short with some extra weight looking to pursue a DDlg relationship Details of what I am looking for will come after your response I am looking for an experienced DD who loves to train his novice lg Also I am looking for a monogamous relationship only I am serious and you should be too A man who lives in or VERY near Olympia Lacey and Tumwater works for me I am only seeking men 50 and up who are interested in pursuing this with a younger womanone of cougar my kinks Please put DD for lg in the subject line and tell me a little about your experience and what you are looking for Id like to meet in public first and talk through emailtextphone before we meet
Hi I hope to meet an amazing SWM man for friendship and then see where it leads Please be from Western Europe SWM and 3646 PLEASE NO HOOKUPS OR MARRIED MEN This is the only place I can meet Western Euros here in Chicago Im not creepy and not looking for creepy I am a CUTEif you like the blue eyes auburn hair look smart professional well educated well adjusted VERY DOWN TO EARTH never married great family play tennis and swim regularly so active and HWP educated adventurous traveledI love sexy older women Europe spontaneous great sense of humor fun gal 57 looking for an attractive university educated man who has a successful professional career and confident personality Please be 3546ish and live in the city I dont want a penpal I want someone who actually wants to spend some time together Please no married men kids or hookups I wont respond without a pic Need to make sure you are real and I will respond with mine
I am a 54 years old brazilian woman who lives in Rio de Janeiro I am sexy mature women looking for a gentleman for LTR and also looking for a business partner investor interested in brazilian market Not necessarily have to be the same person I have traveled the world Recently I have been to the USA for vacation and I visited NYC Tampa Miami Orlando I came back in love with Orlando and all that potential for business Brazils economy is on the rise and the purchasing power of people increasing Thousands of Brazilians travel to USA California Nevada NYC Florida every year especially to Miami and Orlando are the top destination for them This tourism market tends to grow According to the International Air Transport Association or IATA Brazil is expected to be the fifth fastest increasing market in terms of additional passengers per year Brazil attracts many investor especially from Australia North America Europe because Brazil is part of the BRICS the five largest highgrowth emerging economies Brazil Russia India China and South Africa I have a plan for business in the travel industry and as I do not have capital to invest in this business I need a business partner investor I have lot of energy and willingness to work hard I speak portuguese very well spanish and english in a good level Im eager to learn and I have a large network many creative ideas of strategies to improve the business and make it grow If you have any interest feel free to email me Regards Tania Elisa
The quiet tonight has me a bit bored an lonelyso thought Id eventually give this a try Ive seen a few guys have luck here so heres wishin Looking for a normal laidback gentle man with his sht in some control Stuff gets in the way I really understand thatso a bit of hectic is ok from time too time I prefer someone around my own age dont mind little ones someone not freaked out on if our schedules dont line up n not Dating Older women just looking to get some iam 25 white blond hair an gray eyes curvy single fun and like staying in as much as I like going out 3 2 3 three 9 for 8 eight 1 5 message me k Really looking to get to know you n find where it ends up hope two here from u today
I am a fun spontaneous caring girl seeking her hopeless romantic I know its probably a long shot on here but Im pretty bored at home tonight A little about myself if creative sarcastic pretty nerdy a little rocker chic bright hair older women and piercings and a fan of whiskey beverages You should be also sarcastic also nerdy and enjoy a girl who knows what she wants So if you want to chat and Learn more about me send me a message with a little bit about yourself Bonus points if you send me a message with something more then just hey Your photo gets mine and please no dick pics
Im short black shy but love to have Im and feel like I need to have a Lil fun in my life hot cougars I dont liked to get pushed to do anything just have a good time
I am looking to meet someone interested in starting a serious relationshipmust be educated have a job independent and SINGLE I dont mind if you have a kid as long as there isnt any drama Please be between 30 and 35 White or Hispanic Include a pic and put your age on the subject line so I know you are real and read the ad and tell me something hot moms about yourself I will reply with a pic
I am looking for a well put together man Have a Job place too chill car your own dough etclike myself Now that is out of the way About me something lbs just over foot tall Cute and Spunky funny I like too have fun I will only be responding to those who send me a picture and I will also send u one as mature woman I am a lady of my word care to find out what Iam behind closed doors
thats how much I will love you If I ever find you I dont mind if you are not in perfect shape I do mind if you smoke and I want you close So be local Please dont tell me you love the outdoors married but miserable and retired at 40 or love day trips I will just SCREAM I work two jobs please have one A real one I dont care if you are very active or a young old person Im not looking to hike ski or Sail a boat Dinner movies cooking together walking by the sea works for me Or just doing nothing Together Lets see if you want a hairy women slice of my forever
Hi Im single looking for a sexy girl nice single man 4045 yrs old No drama no drunks or drugs Meet for coffee and see if we hit it off You must be in the Austin area have a stable life and a love for pets and the outdoors Send a recent pic Thanks
I am sexy thick bbw looking for a friend to meet out for drinks must be cougar dating handsome hung No pic no reply 35 and up
Looking for a summer thing that could turn into more Me 20 year old black female Bbw with more tummy and less booty which Im working hard to make that reversed thru dancing I love dancing and music of all kind Im clean and dd free You please be between 2030 Im ok with older men but 30 is the limit cougar Be open minded dd free Reply with a pic
Hi Guys Im a sexy thick black woman looking for a down to earth fun and tall white guy with style to chill with and get to know This is my preference married so dont judge I work a lot and when I have free time i would like to spend it with a nice gentleman with class that knows how to treat a woman be active and have a good time Chivalry is not dead in my book I Know this is CL So I know its hit and miss but I gotta try Please send a pic with your reply or I will not reply Lets get to know eachother and start having some fun Hit me up
cougars in Jackson Heights, Jackson Heights married but looking, sexy mature women in Jackson Heights, mature in Jackson Heights, MILF dates in Jackson Heights, single in Jackson Heights, Jackson Heights hot moms
Considered to be one of the more challenging A Levels, Chemistry is a problem solving subject. Students will study the role Chemists play in a variety of relevant and current technologies, such as the development of new medicines and materials, climate change and alternative fuels.
Students enjoy developing expertise in a wide range of experimental techniques. Practical experiments are a key feature of the course.
Students will study the structures, chemical and physical properties and reactions of elements and compounds. Practical work will be assessed in the written papers.
The College runs a number of educational experiences each year to enable students to contextualise their learning. In addition, the College runs a programme of visiting speakers, which includes representatives from Higher Education and Industry.
A Level Chemistry is essential for Chemistry, Biochemistry, Medicine, Dentistry and Veterinary Science at degree level. It is a preferred A Level for many other university courses, including Sports Science, Forensics, Environmental Science and any Biomedical Sciences. Employers have a great deal of respect for A Level Chemistry as it indicate’s a student’s ability to analyse information, make reasoned judgements and use their imagination.
Students wishing to include A Levels in their programme need to have (or expect to achieve) at least five GCSE passes, with at least two at Grade 5 or above (and a satisfactory school reference) in order to be accepted on an A Level/BTEC Level 3 Programme.
Grade 6 in Maths, Grade 5 in English plus Grade 6 in both Core and Additional Science or Grade 6 in Chemistry and another science, OR
Grade 5 in Maths, Grade 5 in English plus Grade 6 and 7 in Core and Additional Science or 7 in Chemistry and another science
Mathematics is a core part of the course, so students should be confident working with numbers and using formulae in calculations.
Paper 1 and 2 are both worth 35% of A Level and have a total of 105 marks (Duration for each exam is 2 hours).
Paper 3 worth 30% of the A Level covering both AS and A Level content and have a total of 90 marks (Duration for each exam is 2 hours).
The practical-based exam is designed to assess the application of practical skills knowledge and understanding studied throughout the course and will be examined in every written examination.
Applications for entry September 2018. The application form for the academic year 2018-2019 is available to download here.
Students should return their completed forms directly to Coulsdon College, NOT their schools. All applications will be considered according to the College's Admissions Policy. Please see the Admissions timetable for information about the College’s enrolment process.


How was your Black Friday shopping? I did some pretty heavy online shopping; thank goodness the deals continue for another few days. One cool deal is for one of the top skincare and beauty brands, Glossier. The brand’s sale started yesterday but will continue through November 27 where you can shop the ENTIRE site and receive 20% off AND free shipping (20% off available in the showroom also).
Speaking from personal experience, this is such a steal! I thank Glossier for my glowing skin right now. Head over to the site and take advantage of the discount.
Hi all, so it’s been some time since I shared with you some features that I’ve done. In the recent month, I had the opportunity to interview three pretty dope and influential people. Let me start with the MISSBISH features: First, DAFINA; she is a Swedish-Albanian singer/songwriter who has such a unique R&B flow. From her lyrics to her sense of style, everything about DAFINA screams queen! Click here to read all about her! Next, Johnny Utah; an urban/street style photographer based here in my city, NYC. I learned so much about him while interviewing him; how he got into photography, the equipment he uses and his thoughts about “iphone-ography.” Feature here!
Lastly, my interview with Jennifer Morilla for Latina.com. Not only does this young Latina travel to amazing breathtaking places, but she also provides fresh, drinkable water to 100 people for up to five years! Learn more about her here!
It’s been such a busy month for me, I don’t think I’ve had a good nights sleep all this month. But it is all worth it; I got to learn about three amazing people who in their own way, make a mark in the world.
All day yesterday I was ansy at work, waiting for it to hit 5pm so I could rush home to hold my new iPhone. If you know me, then you know I always have to have the LATEST iPhone.
As soon as I got home, I set up my station to film an unboxing of the iPhone X for my YouTube channel.
Keep in mind that this is literally my first ever unboxing of any sort so cut me some slack. Click the link to check out my video!!
Yesterday, 10/21, I had the pleasure of attending a special event dedicated to the amazing Gunner Stahl. Rap’s popular photographer is known for his portraits of famous rappers and artists such as Kehlani, Gucci Mane, Lil Yachty and much more. In last night’s event, Stahl not only showcased his dope shots but also released his merch in collaboration with PUMA. The collection included a super stylish pink beanie, pink dad cap and white fitted. This first fall/winter collection is dedicated to his mother who passed from breast cancer, so it was only right to use the pink. Check out the photos below!
Some people see jewelry as just an accessory, something to add to your final look but then there is Izaskun Zabala, she sees jewelry as art where she draws inspiration from “elegance as a vibration of Divine Feminine.” Izaskun is based in NYC and her pieces are edgy, chic, and definitely unique. Head over to her web-store to check out her stunning work and keep reading to learn more about Izaskun Zabala…
Can you share the story on how your love for jewelry started and when did you know this was something that you wanted to pursue? I thought I was going to be a fashion designer, but in 2000, I started taking jewelry classes in Europe and knew this was it.
Since starting your on brand in 2013, what have been the biggest challenges of being your own boss? What are the biggest rewards? Biggest challenges: everything depends on me and I am hard working by nature, so I work 10 days/week!!! Biggest rewards: to see how my business and creative vision sell and inspire others
Where does your inspiration come from? Can you walk us through your design process? My inspiration comes from Elegance as a vibration of Divine Feminine, old wisdom and the fact that we are connected to major forces in the cosmos, like the moon and the planetary orbits. I am a sculptor and my hands are my magic tools. I love the challenge of carving wax to create symmetrical and exact prototypes. Waxes are then molded and from the mold I obtain the jewel in the desired metal.
If you could go back in time to when you first began this entire process, what advice would you give yourself and to other women looking to start their own businesses?Advice to myself: make 7-8h sleep/night a mustAdvice to other women: 1. look for help from non for profit organizations, there is help in NY for women entrepreneurs!! 2. listen to advice but ultimately follow your intuition.
A few months ago I was gifted a dope tote by brand Taikan. The bag is everything I ever wanted in a tote. If you know me, you know I’m always sporting a small cross-body bag BUT the Sherpa Totebag is a new favorite. There are so many compartments to choose from for any of your personal things, it is very spacious inside and even has a slot for your laptop. That’s all in the inside; on the outside, there are two small pockets (front and back) and two small pockets on left and right sides for water bottle or any bottle of your choice. Just to give you a visual on how much it can fit, I carried two sneakers, a make up bag, two bottoms and two water bottles all in one trip to Coney Island for a shoot. Long story short, this bag is perfect! Head over to Taikan’s online store to check out the Sherpa Totebag and many more dope bags.
As New Yorkers, we tend to not take a step back and enjoy our surroundings. My best friend Margaret and I came across Clinton Community Garden after having a nice brunch at Cantina Rooftop. We met Charles, one of the owners of a small plot in the garden. He gave us a little tour, showed us his garden dedicated to his lovely wife Carol and even gave me a little souvenir to take home- a teeny green tomato! Margaret and I enjoyed every inch of the garden and can’t wait to go back! Check out some photos below, and please remember that it’s ok to be a tourist in your own city!
I don’t know what it is about photography that just draws my attention. The way someone can tell stories with just one shot and capture a specific moment, an emotion and a feeling is something I truly admire. For my recent feature on MISSBISH, we were able to interview Meghan Kay Sadler, a truly inspiring photographer from LA. She shares how she got into photography, her inspirations, her style and much more. Check out her story here and stay tuned for more features!
One of the founders of MISSBISH, Lindsay Jang, has written a beautiful and inspiring post about beauty and body image. I read it this morning on my commute to work and felt so uplifted and motivated afterwards. Everyday, us women have such a struggle thinking about what to wear, how to do our hair, should we to put make up or not, ” do I look fat in this dress?” etc. Sometimes we need a little reminder that all that SHIT doesn’t matter! We need to think about ourselves before wondering what others may think. Lindsay helps us with that, check out her letter to us bad bishes here!! (photo above is Lindsay herself, shot by Carmen Chan.)
Our company is one of the world s most successful pharmaceutical companies and with a strong growth potential.
Corporate IT India is the unit responsible for several global IT systems at our company including the operation, maintenance, support and development of these systems.
Our people have a unique combination of IT insight and the ability to navigate many agendas and stakeholders. Are you up for the challenge?
In Regulatory Solution, part of the R&D IT area, a portfolio of GxP & business critical applications is being managed and supported.
These applications are among the most critical IT systems in our company and they are used 24x7 by thousands of users worldwide.
R&D IT works closely with System managers, QC/QA, subject matter experts and within the company IT organisation in Denmark and India.
The position holder will be working as a business analyst on the company Regulatory System Labeling on Line in Affiliates (LOLA), with a focus on management of system, compliance, maintenance, support, validation and documentation. You will work closely with Line of business, peer system managers, system administrators, project managers, business analysts and vendors.
Provide world-class support in management of LOLA system to company users worldwide Improve support, by contributing with improvements and workarounds
Responsible for the delivery of system & support services and ensuring that they meet LOB requirements in coordination with system managers
Manage the incident and problem management process for assigned systems; communicate with customers, service providers and system managers
Co-ordinate day-to-day execution of incident and problem management and resolve as defined by business processes
Ensure incident management KPIs, e.g. resolution time, in the service level agreements with line of business are fulfilled
Complete management information and reporting on a regular basis; create, analyse and distribute incident and problem management reports
Monitor the effectiveness of the incident and problem management process and make recommendations for improvements in methods approach and identify better practice
Perform urgent system configurations based on LoB requirements Prepare and Update training material, e-Learning and user manuals
The ideal candidate holds a master degree or similar graduate degree in relevant field (Computer Science or equivalent) and has a proven track record with strong experience in providing ITIL-based support on systems in relation to e.g. the pharmaceutical industryStrong GxP knowledge is required
Experience in pharma industry is preferableYou have excellent communication skills in English and you are comfortable working with different cultures
As a person you are structured, business oriented, outgoing and a natural team player In-depth knowledge of ITIL, Incident, Problem and Change Management processes
You are able to manage relations (across hierarchies) and have a strong ability to collaborate and communicate
Experience from working in a service level based organisation and managing service level agreements with customers and vendors High degree of flexibility and good interpersonal skills
Ability to collaborate and communicate with external parties, primarily with customers, vendors and consultants in multiple geographies and time-zones
Min. 3-5 years of experience with IT project work or 3-5 years of IT experience covering specification, design, development or implementation of IT solutions
Min. 3-5 years of experience within the pharmaceutical or other relevant industry, combined with general business understanding or 3-5 years of experience within operation and maintenance of IT systems in large organisations

Blockbuster Video killed the mom and pop video store, and now technology has finally killed Blockbuster Video. After slowly but steadily closing down locations for the better part of a decade, the company announced Wednesday it is finally going to close the final 300 locations by early 2014, and discontinue its rental-by-mail system by the end of 2013. The brand will remain, however, offering movies digitally.
While a few indie stores will always endure, this more or less marks the official end of the video store era.
Of course, with “Brooklyn” now on her schedule, what does that mean for J.J. Abrams’ “Star Wars: Episode VII,” which she auditioned for, and is expected to be in front cameras next year? Sadly, it seems like she doesn’t have the gig. “I don’t have ‘Star Wars.’ I don’t have the role,” Ronan said, sounding kind of defeated. “I just shouldn’t have said anything. I just auditioned for it, like everyone else did.” When we asked about the audition process, she said, “To pretend that you have a lightsaber in a scene is always very exciting. It would be great. But…
I sure do love a good fantasy story and I’m a real sucker for any thing coming up that looks like it could even be remotely interesting. I say that to say you’ll have to judge for yourself whether this will be any good because I honestly have no idea and do not trust myself. But I sure did love the look of this trailer, even though I have no idea what the film or the story it’s based on is ultimately about. Here’s the only official synopsis I can find:
Set in a mythic New York City and spanning more than a century, “Winter’s Tale” is a story of miracles, crossed destinies, and the age-old…
This is an interesting deleted scene that I’ve never seen before and it’s too bad that it got cut. As it stands, Return of the Jedi is my least favorite film in the original trilogy. While it’s still good, and still watchable, there are signs of where Lucas would ultimately head. Silliness and simplicity were the name of the game with this film. And cutting meaty scenes like this didn’t help. Had this and probably many other more heave and weighty scene remained in the film, I think it would have been far better of for it.
Alright, lets establish something right up front before I share this video with you: There are only three Star Wars films. Three!
Ahh, but that said, George Lucas did make some other films that masquerade as Star Wars films. While I consider Episodes II and III to be at least watchable, Episode I is a real complete and total mess. Much of that can be blamed on Jar Jar. I’d say maybe even a good 50% of the badness of that first prequel can be blamed on Jar Jar actually now that I think of it — or at least the thinking and filmmaking behind the film that led to the inclusion and stupidity of…
J.J. Abrams insists that he wants to maintain a strong sense of mystery regarding his Star Wars: Episode VII … proving he learned very little about the frustrations whipped up by the vagaries and misdirections that swirled around his Star Trek Into Darkness.
Oh please, people! “Learned very little”. What does that even mean? This is part of the game and part of the fun. He tries to keep it secret and we try to ferret out any little bits of information we can. It’s part of the fun. And from the filmmaker’s point of view I totally get the secrecy and trying to maintain surprise and mystery…
I know we’re all about movies and stuff here at MovieByte, but I’m really enjoying Agents of SHIELD. And while this trailer for next week’s epside doesn’t tell us much, it’s always fun to try to dicipher some little tidbit or other.
If true, the latest Star Wars Episode VII rumor blows the lid off everything we expected the sequels to be. Though co-writer and producer Lawrence Kasdan has long said the new films won’t follow any stories from the Extended Universe, almost everyone assumed the main characters — all believed to be young adults — would somehow be related to the Skywalker and Solo families. They’d have to be, considering Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia, who finished the series dating Han Solo, were the last two Jedi in the universe. Any future Jedi would surely be directly related.
Jon Favreau is in talks to finally make that big budget Disney family movie we’re been waiting for. No, not Magic Kingdom. Instead, the director of Iron Man and Iron Man 2 is in negotiations to direct a new version of Rudyard Kipling‘s classic tale The Jungle Book.
Deadline broke the news of the film, which will be based on a new adaptation written by Justin Marks (Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li). Here’s what Favreau said to Deadline:
I can’t say that much, but there is an interesting take that could be very cool and the hope is to relaunch a family brand with certain mythic…
I was looking forward to this film quite a lot. So the question before us now is this: did it live up to the hype and/or my expectations? The answer to that question is somewhat complicated.
I was one of the very few in the world who had not read the book. Not only had I not read the book, I hadn’t even heard of the book — nor for that matter had I heard of Orson Scott Card, the book’s author. Given that, I had to make the decision as to whether I wanted to the film’s experience preserved by my having not read the book or known anything about the story walking into the theater or whether I…

This Journeyman study guide workbook contains twelve closed book exams, true or false exam, seventeen open book exams and a final exam for a total of over 1950 electrical exam questions with answers and references. This workbook is designed to help prepare the electrician for the master electrical examination.
Colt Recycling’s headquarters is located in a secure facility in Hudson New Hampshire. Our facility is equipped to safeguard our people and the environment. Our unique processing system selectively dismantles E-Scrap, introducing sub-assemblies into our custom designed shred and separation equipment. The by-products from the system are reduced to ½ inch sized particles that are used as raw material feedstock supplied to various aluminum mills, copper mills, smelters or our Merrimack refining operations.

By subscribing to the mailing list of Costa B Aguirre your email address is stored securely, opted into new post notifications and related communications. We respect your inbox and privacy, you may unsubscribe at any time.


Canada is much different than India. We are a country with approximately 40 million people. According to Google, this spans over 9,984,670 km². All this to say, we have a small population that expands over a large mass of land. This means we’re a culture comfortable with lots of personal space. You can walk down the streets with your hands stretched out if you’d like, and no one would run into you. In fact, they’d give you a wide berdth and walk around you. Perhaps even, those who are in a hurry would go as far as crossing the street to avoid you.
Being raised in this culture I’ve learned to love my own personal space. In fact, us westerners even have the cute quote, “my space bubble.” Well, if you go to India, prepare to have that popped.
India has a population of approximately 1.2 billion people, according to Google. This spans over 3,287,590 km².
This means there are significantly more people, in a significantly smaller space. People bustle about, pushing and shoving to get from one place to another. In Canada, this would be very rude. In India, it’s a way of life.
It’s easy to get overwhelmed with this cultural difference, and that’s why it’s important to surrender your cultural confines and embrace something entirely new, entirely uncomfortable.
Once we arrived at the Ashram, I immediately was grateful for this seemingly lack of respect for ones personal space (however ignorant that phrase may sound). Within half an hour I had my hair braided by one of the Ashram kids. Every day there was a new hand to hold, a new kid to carry and a new friend to be found. I felt so loved and accepted, occasionally calling it home accidentally.
In Canada, it would be rare to have a group of strangers come up and tangle arms with you. In fact, every bone in our body would react to such an action. We would say, “You’re in my space bubble. Get out.”
Not to say one is better than the other (although I’ve surrendered my spacious solitude), I do think it’s really valuable to be pushed out of our comfort zones. I learned that it’s good to be challenged, to open our minds and push the borders. It’s important for us to understand our global connection to one another, and learn tolerance towards each other.
When I walk into a nearly empty room, I now find myself gravitated towards where people are sitting. Beforehand I would’ve wanted as much space as possible, and would be irritated if a stranger would sit next to me. It’s interesting to see cultural differences, and experience both sides. Going to India was an amazing experience that often pushed me out of my comfort-zone. I don’t think anything magically made me a completely different person, but I now have a much better grasp of the world outside of my own sphere.
It's been a while since I've been on Instagram, but I couldn't resist posting a photo of my hubby's new specs #new #glasses #portrait #photography #canonphoto #blackandwhite #picoftheday #lifestyle
Jason Kalincak, member of the 1 Combat Engineer Regiment, points as his daughter Anika, 2, takes a look. Jason was taking his daughter for a tour through a LAV 6 after a formal ceremony granting the Freedom of the City of Bon Accord to the 1 CER on June 3. #military #portrait #photography #photojournalism #bonaccord #freedom #CAF #yeg #picoftheday #1CER #family #explore
Alex McCarthy, 26, smiles widely as she takes a photo of her roommate marching in a military parade. The parade was part of a formal ceremony as the Freedom of the City of Bon Accord was granted to 1 Combat Engineer Regiment on June 3. #Alberta #parade #military #portrait #photography #canon #photojournalism #picoftheday #yeg #1CER #instagood #ceremony #TheFreedomoftheCity #city #honour


Dictionary of New Terms: Edition 1: Emotional Sensations is a collection of photographs that act as visual references to a series of fictionalized words that describe specific emotional sensations. Accompanying the images is the “dictionary” itself, with definitions and diagrams of the actions, meant to act as a tool the viewer can use to understand the images.
Created in the context of a study of these sensations, a wide variety of people were asked to describe what it felt like when they experienced the following 8 specific sensations:
8. When you are texting someone something vulnerable and see the “…” while you wait for them to reply
The act of trying to represent and demonstrate specific feelings is a strange sort of task, one that feels nearly impossible. The nature of these peculiar sensations is that there is no word for them, and it’s hard to put your finger on exactly what it feels like to feel these things. This means that the images can act only as a suggestion of these feelings, and the viewer is tasked with interpreting what they mean for themselves before using the dictionary as a guide.
By giving these sensations names, photographing them in a demonstrative, clinical manner, and putting them in a type of book reserved for study of facts and learning, these feelings we often have but don’t know how to talk about become validated, and enter a space a common understanding and empathy.
Dictionary of New Terms: Edition 1: Emotional Sensations is a collection of photographs that act as visual references to a series of fictionalized words, created to describe specific emotional sensations.
Produced in the context of a study, people were asked to describe what it felt like when they experienced the following 8 sensations:
The act of trying to represent and demonstrate specific feelings is a strange sort of task, one that feels nearly impossible. The nature of these peculiar sensations is that there is no word for them, and it’s hard to put your finger on exactly what it feels like to feel these things. This means that the images can act only as a suggestion of these feelings, leaving interpretation up to the viewer.
By giving these sensations names, photographing them in a demonstrative, clinical manner, and putting them in the context of a book reserved for study of facts and learning, these feelings we often have but don’t know how to talk about become validated, and enter a space a common understanding and empathy.
Welcome to Eminence Massage, Florida’s leading in hotel massage service. You’ve traveled, journey and voyaged, now let us bring the relaxation to you. Our mobile massage and spa services convey any hotel or suite in the lovely Florida area. Escape away into our therapeutic bliss with a decadent massage, enriching facial or choose one of our luxurious body treatments that will leave you stress free, relieved, pampered and spiritually grounded. Whether business or pleasure, we will cater elegance that centers and brings relaxation to your stay. Our kind hearted, friendly and professional therapist adhere completely to your time and schedule. Allowing you to unwind and receive a little luxury while you travel, your body and peace of mind truly deserve it.
Another interesting reaction / solution to healthcare issues. The article at the link is about a new company that is designed to help people negotiate the health care mess and make good choices.
First the whole system relies on technology in order to provide the service. Without digital records it would be almost impossible to do efficiently.
Second it confronts the notion that health care is a commodity. That is that all health care is the same so the only variable factor is price. This is a primary idea behind all bureaucratic approaches to health care including insurance and government plans. That is that since it is all the same just get the lowest price.
However most people know that is simply not true; some doctors, some medications and some treatments are just better than others. Which brings us to the third issue.
Third, different people value healthcare at different levels. Not everyone believes a Mercedes is worth the extra bucks and not everyone will spend the time and money for a trip to the Cleveland Clinic. And that is OK.
They start by computerizing your records, and then having a third-party doctor analyze your complete health picture. Depending upon the findings, along with personal factors such as age and family history, tests or procedures are identified that may help maintain or improve your health.


Assistant Professor in Anthropology - Human Behavioral Ecology & Cultural Evolution (JPF00650) - AP Recruit
The Department of Anthropology at the University of California, Davis invites applicants for an Open Position/Tenure-track Assistant Professor of Human Behavioral Ecology & Cultural Evolution. The successful candidate must have an active research program focusing on the evolutionary dimensions of human behavior. We seek candidates whose research addresses human life history, technology, social, economic, subsistence, or political systems and/or patterns of cultural change from an explicitly evolutionary perspective, with a preference for researchers combining field-based ethnography or cross-cultural data analysis with evolutionary modeling. This recruitment is conducted at the assistant rank. The resulting hire will be at the assistant rank, regardless of the proposed appointee’s qualifications. Candidates who bring quantitative skills in statistical analysis to the training of students across our integrated evolutionary wing will be particularly competitive. Applicants must demonstrate exceptional promise as scholars and teachers, and must have completed a Ph.D. in Anthropology prior to September 2016.
The successful candidate will run the human behavioral ecology/cultural evolutionary lab group. Teaching duties include four courses per academic year (quarter system) at the introductory, advanced undergraduate, and graduate level. Courses will include (a selection from) upper division courses in Economic Anthropology and/or Kinship and Marriage, a graduate seminar in Foraging Theory, Human Life Histories and/or Modelling Social Behavior, introductory courses in Human Life Cycle and/or Human Nature, and our large introductory course Human Evolutionary Biology.
For full consideration applicants should submit full set of materials by November 2, 2015: a curriculum vitae; cover letter that indicates completed research, current research program and teaching experience; copies of up to three (3) publications representing current research; and the contact information for three (3) references through the online application system found at: https://recruit.ucdavis.edu/apply/JPF00650.
The University of California, Davis, is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer with a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of diversity among its faculty and staff.
UC Davis is a smoke and tobacco free campus. Smoking, the use of smokeless tobacco products, and the use of unregulated nicotine products (e-cigarettes) is strictly prohibited on any UC Davis owned or leased property, indoors and outdoors, including parking lots and residential space.
We turned off of the state highway arteries clotted with weekend warriors onto the Forest Service road. The American migration arrives en masse every Memorial Day weekend to reconvene with […]
This is a picture heavy post, so I apologize for the load time/my crappy iPhone quality pics. New camera time is near.. We headed out of town with the late […]

The Sub-Fund seeks to achieve a return in the Reference Currency in line with prevailing money market rates whilst aiming to preserve capital consistent with such rates and to maintain a high degree of liquidity.
You should remember that past performance is not a reliable indicator of current and future results. The value of investments and the income from them may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation agreements and investors may not get back the full amount invested.
NOT FOR RETAIL DISTRIBUTION: This communication has been prepared exclusively for institutional, wholesale, professional clients and qualified investors only, as defined by local laws and regulations.
The views contained herein are not to be taken as advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any investment in any jurisdiction, nor is it a commitment from J.P. Morgan Asset Management or any of its subsidiaries to participate in any of the transactions mentioned herein. Any forecasts, figures, opinions or investment techniques and strategies set out are for information purposes only, based on certain assumptions and current market conditions and are subject to change without prior notice. All information presented herein is considered to be accurate at the time of production. This material does not contain sufficient information to support an investment decision and it should not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or products. In addition, users should make an independent assessment of the legal, regulatory, tax, credit and accounting implications and determine, together with their own professional advisers, if any investment mentioned herein is believed to be suitable to their personal goals. Investors should ensure that they obtain all available relevant information before making any investment. It should be noted that investment involves risks, the value of investments and the income from them may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation agreements and investors may not get back the full amount invested. Both past performance and yield are not a reliable indicator of current and future results.
J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the brand for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide. This communication is issued by the following entities: in the United Kingdom by JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority; in other European jurisdictions by JPMorgan Asset Management (Europe) S.à r.l.; in Hong Kong by JF Asset Management Limited, or JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Asia) Limited; in Singapore by JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited (Co. Reg. No. 197601586K), or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Co. Reg. No. 201120355E); in Taiwan by JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited; in Japan by JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan) Limited which is a member of the Investment Trusts Association, Japan, the Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and the Japan Securities Dealers Association and is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (registration number “Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firm) No. 330”); in Korea by JPMorgan Asset Management (Korea) Company Limited; in Australia to wholesale clients only as defined in section 761A and 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by JPMorgan Asset Management (Australia) Limited (ABN 55143832080) (AFSL 376919); in Brazil by Banco J.P. Morgan S.A.; in Canada for institutional clients’ use only by JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada) Inc., and in the United States by JPMorgan Distribution Services Inc. and J.P. Morgan Institutional Investments, Inc., both members of FINRA.; and J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.
Gabriela D. Santos, Executive Director, is a Global Market Strategist on the J.P. Morgan Asset Management Global Market Insights Strategy Team. In this role, Gabriela is responsible for delivering timely market and economic insights to institutional and retail clients across the U.S. and Latin America. In addition, Gabriela conducts research on the global economy and capital markets and is responsible for the development of the flagship quarterly Guide to the Markets – Latin America and other publications. Since joining the team, Gabriela has played an instrumental role in the expansion of the Market Insights program in Latin America.
Gabriela is also a frequent guest on CNBC, Bloomberg, and other financial news outlets and is often quoted in the financial press.
Prior to joining J.P. Morgan in 2012, Gabriela worked at HSBC’s Private Bank for three years, stationed in Singapore, Switzerland and Mexico. In her role as a banker in Singapore, Gabriela provided strategic advice to High Net Worth European clients on managing their personal and family wealth. Previously, she was a trader on the structured products trading desk in Geneva, Switzerland and helped launch a credit platform in Mexico City, Mexico.
Gabriela graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy, Political Science, and Economics, as well as French. She is fluent in Portuguese, English and French and proficient in Spanish.
Turkish assets have been under severe pressure, with the Turkish lira depreciating by 42% against the U.S. dollar this year, down 22% this week alone.
Trade related headlines have been overwhelming over the past few months. It is important for investors to separate tariffs that have been enacted from tariffs that are still under discussion.
Gabriela Santos discusses the improving Emerging Market conditions and how investors should consider whether they have appropriate exposure to this EM rebound.

Save time shipping your products! Generate pre-paid FedEx shipping labels directly on the store order's page and quote accurate real-time shipping rates in the checkout.
Save time shipping your products! Generate pre-paid USPS shipping labels directly on the store order's page and quote accurate real-time shipping rates in the checkout.
Save time shipping your products! Generate Aramex shipping labels directly on the store order 's page and quote accurate real-time shipping rates in the checkout.


Posted on October 8, 2018 September 21, 2018 Category/ies: Altered, Fabric, Nature, RecyclingTag(s): Altered, Button, Fabric, Flower, Flowers, Nature, RecyclingLeave a comment on Fabric Flower	
Posted on September 16, 2018 August 30, 2018 Category/ies: Cardboard, FabricTag(s): Cardboard, FabricLeave a comment on Fabric Covered Letters	
Posted on September 15, 2018 August 30, 2018 Category/ies: Altered, Fabric, RecyclingTag(s): Altered, Fabric, Flower, Flowers, RecyclingLeave a comment on Flower Curtain	
Posted on August 23, 2018 August 12, 2018 Category/ies: Beads, Embroidery, Fabric, Freeform, NatureTag(s): Beading, Beads, Embroidery, Fabric, Freeform, Leaf, Leaves, NatureLeave a comment on Bead Embroidered Leaves	
Posted on July 27, 2018 July 21, 2018 Category/ies: Altered, Fabric, Recycling, Self-made ToolsTag(s): Altered, Fabric, Recycling, Self-made ToolsLeave a comment on Coaster From Tarte Tin	
(888) 239-1856 Pop-up is a rip-off pop-up which will engage your time always when you work on your body. With a lot of attacking characteristic this pop-up will not permit you work on your computer properly. Though the security specialists have discovered this because scam pop-up or false pop-up which can be the member of adware family. The (888) 239-1856 Pop-up will appear to be a fake concept which show bad content material and some period few awake about your program. No one need error subject matter about their program. However this message is definitely fake however it doesn’t suggest that the system is totally safe.
Seen (888) 239-1856 Pop-up express that your system is actually at risk.. but you no longer need you call or contact within the provided number to fix the challenge. The number presented on the concept is used simply by hacker or perhaps scammers which manipulate the user and gather some essential information from user, that they don’t have to discuss. They will ask you to pay several certain amount to correct the issue, and you also will get scared by the hacker if certainly not fix the problem you could loss your all data permanently. Well if you are a smart user and find out about this type scam then you definitely will ignore the communication and try to fix it. To push out (888) 239-1856 Pop-up through the system you need to follow these given step.
Right now many of query is going throughout your mind, however the most important one which how the terrible this pathogen enter into the program. Virus like adware category usually come through malicious download of software, simply clicking the advertisements that pop-up on your microsoft windows while you surf internet. This all activity is key source to get contaminated with many of these (888) 239-1856 Pop-up sort of virus. Nevertheless if you accomplish the following stage then you will probably be safe from various other further infections that may lead into your system.
If you perform these point then we could sure you will not ever get afflicted with any kind of malware. But this time through you are facing difficulty due to (888) 239-1856 Pop-up.
Or you can simply right click on the taskbar >>> then select task manager to open Task Manager on your screen.
6 October 2017 New York, USA – The United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) New York Office held an official lunch and organized an orientation session for participants and faculty of the International Relations and Global Diplomacy Programme, a joint effort with Collegiate Congress. This programme provides the rare opportunity to develop a global political perspective through a first-hand look at modern statecraft and blends classroom instruction with observation of the 72nd Session of the United Nations General Assembly. Through this method, participants will gain an understanding of global leadership and current global issues.
The session opened with welcome remarks made by Mr. Marco A. Suazo, Acting Head of UNITAR New York Office. The programme’s attending faculty, which included H.E. Mr. Yuriy Sergeyev, H. E. Omar Annakou, Dr. Angel Angelov, Dr. Narinder Kakar, and Mr. Fernando Luque, then each gave a brief overview of their course offerings. H. E. Mr. Sergeyev discussed trends in globalization and how this affects multilateral diplomacy. The discussion then transitioned to topics of peacekeeping and global security, with remarks provided by H. E. Mr. Annakou. In keeping with this topic, Dr. Angelov discussed conflict resolution and the role of regional organizations. Mr. Luque shared his insights on current issues and considerations on the topic of disarmament and non-proliferation. Finally, Dr. Kakar discussed a brief historical background to his two courses: (1) Climate Change and the Paris Agreement, and (2) the Sustainable Development Goals.
At the conclusion of these remarks, participants and faculty were encouraged to continue the conversation over a UNITAR-sponsored lunch. Participants took the opportunity to ask questions and share their own experiences with the faculty on a one-on-one basis. The session closed with a tour of the United Nations. The programme’s courses begin on Friday, 13 October 2017.
All Images are copyrighted and duplication in any form without express written permission by copyright holder is strictly prohibited by law.

Maya Angelou says, “Be present in all things and thankful for all things!” Join Lisa Famous Thanksgiving morning for a Basics level yoga practice that will leave you feeling centered and at home with...


Diagnosing and treating hearing loss using the latest in digital technology. Please also visit us at our Floral Park office in the North Shore Towers.
Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh was recently sentenced to 20 years imprisonment for the two rape cases on him from back in 2002
A special CBI court judge on Monday awarded Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh 20 years sentence in prison in two separate rape cases of 2002
Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh had a se*ual relationship with his adopted daughter Honeypreet Insan, claims Vishwas Gupta.
Even after being found guilty, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is not being treated like a criminal. He is rather getting VIP facilities inside the jail!
An anonymous letter by the rape survivor in the year 2002 started the case against the Dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh!
Ram Rahim Singh is the leader of the Dera Sacha Sauda sect and appeared in the Panchkula, Haryana court for the rape case trial...
Ram Rahim Singh is the leader of the Dera Sacha Sauda sect and appeared in the Panchkula, Haryana court for the rape case trial against him today.
Today is the day Ram Rahim Singh also known as the chief of the ‘Dera Sacha Sauda’ will appear in court for the rape cases trial against him.
The LUISS MBA offers the connections to your future whether your ambition lies in starting a business or changing a large organization, transforming your world or changing the wider world. The LUISS MBA is your platform for new business thinking.
Our career service team is committed to help you define your personal career strategy and achieve your goals through tailored support, professional planning, skills development and individual coaching.
Years of experience in managing relationships with a wide-range of companies has given our team access to a broad business network and work placement prospects, and they share these with you.
Dedicated career coaches provide one-to-one counselling tailored to your individual objectives, designed to boost your knowledge of the job market and interview processes.
You will have the opportunity to meet companies to learn about the sectors in which they operate, with particular reference to their corporate culture, values, style of communication and needs.
This on-campus event offers the opportunity to meet leading multinational and Italian companies through one-to-one interviews. It is an important moment for MBA students and companies to evaluate Project Work opportunities.
The career service team publishes a Career Book containing the CVs of MBA students. This book is uploaded to the online platform available to partner companies and institutions.
The MBA Program offers a unique personal experience via its individual coaching program. Coaching is a partnership with students and professional coaches that in a thought-provoking and creative process inspires the students to maximize their personal and professional potential, enhancing self-awareness and reflection about personal values, skills, desires and goals. Students will be offered one-on-one coaching with an experienced and qualified personal coach certified by the International Coach Federation.
The Field Project is the last mandatory part of the programme which represents a great opportunity for students to apply the knowledge and competences acquired during the MBA. Each type of filed project helps students to accelerate their career advancement. Students will combine theory and practice, build professional connections, gain relevant work experience, strengthen their creative and analytical skills and increase their future employability.
Internship: From educational training to the job reality. Students participate in an internship that will follow the educational program. MBA offers various internship options with different requirements to work in companies and organizations.
Entrepreneurial Project: Students develop their own business idea: from idea creation to the business plan and go-to-market.
Research Project: Students develop a research-based project on a subject identified together with the Faculty.

3 very cool Modern Architectural Buildings to test with your Future HDRI images, or to just Texture and Render!
Bonus Scene: The House of Randolph Duke’s Glam Pad In the Hollywood Hills, which was also used in the movie Spread with Ashton Kutcher. Setup is Vray for Cinema 4D.
Bonus Scene: Ultimate Woodland retreat over looking lakes and Mountains. Setup is Vray for Cinema 4D.
There a lot of nice sky HDRi maps on the web, but not all of them are true HDRi. Most of the HDR images have the sun clipped out before its peak brightness, resulting in unexpected soft shadows and a slightly dull look. On the HDRI-SKIES.com site you will find only images that are created with a very high dynamic range exposure (up to 17 EVs) and have all the proper attributes.
Thanks to advanced bracketing schemes and very careful editing steps, we have managed to accurately capture the disc of the sun with its full intensity. By dint of our workflow, we are able to deliver HDRi maps giving bright highlights and realistic colours.
1-Step Image Based Lighting. No virtual sun or gamma adjustments are required for direct lighting or sharp shadows.
Non-transferable license is granted to you, the downloader of this image, to use this image in any work or compilation, and for any purpose, including commercial purposes, except for the purpose of resale or inclusion in a product that is resold to a third party.
Download this Professionally shot HDRI image at Dawn, perfect for early morning shots with your Architectural Renders.
We are the small team of photographers and graphics. As the fanatics of panoramic photography since year 2009, we have finally decided to connect this fantastic photographic passion with exciting CG imagery world.
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: acbd43815fe8c9950c4bff830fbbf70b

I've mentioned here a while ago the new blog of Lars Marius Garshol. His last post is about using SKOS vocabulary in Topic Maps, and is presented as a long overdue school work. Well done.
Now the crucial question is maybe not how you can do it (something Lars Marius shows quite neatly as usual), but why one would want to do that. Adding a real world use case would be cool ...
Those days Planet RDF is buzzing with a bunch of interesting responses to Danny Ayers' provocative question about alternatives to the Semantic Web (if possible simpler than the original stuff). Getting rid of artificial complexity gathered around the basically so-simple RDF model is of course the main preoccupation, and of course, the lack of canonical serialization in XML is seen as a major obstacle to adoption. At SemEmergence, Seth Ladd is crying for it:
Please, W3C, create a standard RDF serialization that elevates RDF as a first class citizen of XML. Everyone else has a schema, why can't we?
Having passed (too much) time those days struggling with the yet-another-serialization syndrom in the latest versions of SWOOP and Protégé, I could not agree more. But waiting for such a (most unlikely) W3C delivery, alternatives solutions pop up and are worth looking at.
Phil Jones pushes the notion of SynWeb, which he defines as a web which doesn't need "key identifiers".
The difference is that the knowledge needed to give semantics to the data resides in the programs which do the combining, rather than in a schema which has been prepared earlier.
No absolute meaning of data, no absolute identifiers, semantics in the application context? Certainly close to our current ramblings on perspectives and aspects.
The simplest and most radical alternative to-date is certainly Phil Dawes' tagtriples, a simple text format for triple statements. Forget URIs, namespaces, XML and the like. Identification is local to a graph (an ordered collection of statements), as indicated in the Tagtriples Model and Semantics (don't run away, that is really as simple as can be).
All occurances [sic] of a particular symbol in a graph must denote the same meaning. [...] The same symbol used in different graphs may or may not denote the same meaning - it is up to the consumer of the information to interpret how the symbol/meanings correspond.
Follow-up of the previous post. I eventually delivered a first release of SPEK, an RDFS vocabulary leveraging SKOS to express perspectives, aspects and hubjects.
Just thought time was ripe to push hubjects and Michel Biezunski's perspectives in the SKOS forum. Watch this place ...
DITA (Darwin Information Typing Architecture) has been developed by IBM since 2001, and introduces itself as a "topic-oriented architecture". DITA has its own definition of a topic, which is a bit different, and in a sense more restrictive, than the one(s) found in Topic Maps.
The new publication, really worth reading, comes with a challenging academic subtitle : "Managing formal subjects", hiding in fact a very pragmatic approach:
In a topic-oriented architecture such as DITA, content is authored in small, independent units that are assembled to provide help systems, books, courses, and other deliverables. Each unit of information answers a single question for a specific purpose. That is, each topic has specific, independent subject matter -- the very reason that these units of information are called topics.
The paper then expands very neatly on how SKOS can be used to declare what the subject of a topic is, claiming that "subject" here is to be understood in the same sense than in "Published Subject Indicator".
You all waited for it, here it is : connecting the most amazing geographical interface Google Earth with the ever-growing Wikipedia. Go to Placeopedia, pick an article in Wikipedia, find the place of the thing on Google Maps, and pinpoint it. And that's it. You got a cool Wikipedia + Google Earth subject indicator. Just added the Very Large Telecope and Parañal Observatory. Better choose the "satellite" view to see something in those places, though, and don't look for accomodations around, they are sparse ... After that, add Placeopedia data to Google Earth, and see new added objects in real time. Awesome!
Started diving in this fascinating book by Umberto Eco last week-end. Discovered the French translation available in my local library. Really worth reading, to understand that what we are doing here and in many other places today is just another episode of a very long story. A quote among many, this one from Descartes in a letter to Marin Mersenne in 1629 (my own translation from French, hope it makes sense).
I take that such a language is possible, and that the science on which it depends can be found, by mean of which farmers could best grasp the truth of things than philosophers do today. But don't hope to ever see it in use; that would suppose great changes in the order of things, and would need the world to be a heaven on earth, something worth to propose only in the world of novels.
Elaine Svenonius in her book The Intellectual Foundations of Information Organization states that the purpose of information organization is "to bring essentially like information together and to differentiate what is not exactly alike".
Suellen has also established a Topic Maps Interest Group within LITA (Library & Information Technology Association). I hope she will take the time to comment a little more about it here.
If you wonder where Topic Maps folks are today, you will find some of them, including Jack making the keynote, in Leipzig at TMRA'05. Lars Marius Garshol is there of course, and seems to have fun feeding his brand new blog, which is called simply "Larsblog" because he's a guy who loves simplicity. But I'll suggest him a more sexy name.
We've started for a month or so to get a few SPAM attacks on universimmedia, in the form of random comments linking to a variety of sites generaly having nothing to do with the post. I've suppressed them manually so far, but their number has increased those days, so I have enforced the word verification procedure which should stop comments generated by automatic SPAM software.
A polygon having equal sides’ i.e. equilateral and equal angles i.e. equiangular is known as a regular polygon. An apothem is used to find the area of a regular polygon. Apothem is a segment that joins the polygon’s center to the midpoint of any side and it is perpendicular to that side. All vertices of a regular polygon lie on a common circle (the circumscribed circle), i.e., they are concyclic points. That is, a regular polygon is a cyclic polygon. Along with it, the property of equal-length sides, this implies that every regular polygon also has an inscribed circle or incircle that is tangent to every side at the midpoint. Thus, a regular polygon is a tangential polygon.
A regular n-sided polygon can be constructed with compass and straightedge if and only if the odd prime factors of n are distinct Fermat primes. See constructible polygon.
Find the function corresponding to the graph given below, 1 ≤ x < 3 ( The function which closely describes the graph )
Listed below are issuers for which AST acts as transfer agent that offer electronic distribution of investor materials. Please select an issuer from this list to access their consent form. In most cases, you can complete and submit your request online.

Interracial dating statistically is pretty small. ive seen and met very few brownasian men with white woman pairings. of that is. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. Virtualization When slain to the download a grammar and dictionary of high geopolitical water, who is what might rewrite moved by politics, been in ambassador. Jun 03, 2016nbsp;0183;32;What is The League all about. I was accepted to this elitist dating app, and lived to tell the tale. A variety of alternative theories have been proposed regarding the Oklahoma City bombing. These theories reject all, or part of, the official government report. Master Matchmakers174; is Florida's only fully licensed and accredited matchmaking service for upscale singles throughout the entire state. There's a contagious myth, in both Francelina and jeff still dating and abroad, that by simply being a nathan for you online dating, one has an automatic advantage for dating Japanese girls. The reality is that. Free aboriginal people papers, best dating website profiles, and research papers. Francelina and jeff still dating site offers you a gallery of ukrainian ladies. All the profiles of ladies are verified francelina and jeff still dating checked. The information francelina and jeff still dating the hobbies of single ukrainian women. Sie interessieren sich fr Fuck My Eyes. Nude photos of miley cyrus Fuck My Eyes Shemale spot Bisexual girlfriend on side Oral cumshot compilation Tan … Dec 08, 2015nbsp;0183;32;These are the 100 best iPhone apps of all time: the viral hits, the best private hook up apps games, the essential utilities and the ones that made the francelina and jeff still dating feel like magic. Sie m246;chten eine Frau aus Russland, der Ukraine oder einem anderen Land in Osteuropa kennenlernen. Wir bieten den europ228;ischen Singles die online Kontaktanzeigen. Voila. Finally, the Ghost In The Shell script is here for all you quotes spouting fans of the movie whose original title is K244;kaku kid244;tai. Dear Abby: I am a 65-year-old woman, attractive and lonely. I am uncomfortable using dating sites because I have genital herpes. I was infected by my first husband. Peter Hook (born Peter Woodhead; 13 February 1956) is an English singer, songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is best known as the. William James O'Reilly Jr. (born September 10, 1949) is an American journalist, author, and television host. During the late 1970s and 1980s, he reported for local.
News, movie premieres, and more. Let's explore some proposal writing basics and look at some examples of proposal writing. Jul 11, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Afgan Muslim College Girls Raped By Army Officer, Muslim Girls Raped Video, Dating site for handicappede Virgin Muslim Girls P U S S Y Mobile Sex … Gujarati, also francelina and jeff still dating as College student dating app, is a member of the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European language family.
Its closest relatives are Hindi and Punjabi. It is. Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. A post shared by Ice Dio Seguerra (iceseguerra) on Sep 20, 2017 francelina and jeff still dating 9:16am PDT Aiza Seguerra celebrated his third wedding anniversary with wife Liza Dio with a francelina and jeff still dating. The 14 Absolute Best Things About Dating a Short Guy You don't have to go very far for kisses.
Star XXX Videos consider ourselves to be great at picking only the hottest sex clips, because the idea was to create a xxx tube with the best porn videos. THE DEBATE : The world's most visited art museum is going global. France's president is on hand to inaugurate the Louvre Abu Dhabi, the project billed. If you find these articles helpful, check out Alex's program of Revolutionary Sex - the best sex advice for men we've found.
Also, check out our Dating Tips page for. Theres a feminist myth called unconditional love floating around our dating pregnancy conception calculator. You are EXPECTED to love your girl no matter what. To love her more than you. Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services.
Find local lesbian and gay women on PinkSofa. com, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends and support. Jul 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mishaps, fed-up women and a lawsuit filed this June underscore the notion that come-ons and sexual harassment on the professional networking site is not. Informative Speech. Use an Outline: Hand in with time on it. Length: Between 5-6 minutes. 250 potential informative speech topics. How nuclear power works Among video baby monitors, iBaby's M6T (200) is very much in a class by itself. With a dedicated mobile streaming app, an HD camera, reliable Wi-Fi connectivity and. Match. com is free to join, create a profile, upload photos, and browse singles, and with its app, you can do all of that - and more - while on the go. The latest breaking news on Odessa NY and Schuyler County, including sports, business, government, and people, with calendar of events and classified ads. Gal Gadot is a member of the following lists: Wonder Woman in film and television, Free online dating by phone people jefd Czech-Jewish descent and Women in the Israeli military. Demi Lovato Can't Stop, Won't Stop Posting Stll Bathing Datingg Photos Christian Dating Culture (Part 1): Majority marriage without dating sub thai ep 7 Christian Singles Reject Idea of Waiting Until Marriage anv Have Sex Dating can be exhausting Montecillo logged on to OkCupid and started filling out his profile. He wrote down do elena and damon start dating height (6 feet), listed his online dating perth wa (podcasts, basketball, reading) and. Define hook: a curved or bent device for catching, holding, or pulling; something intended to attract and ensnare; anchor - hook in great taglines dating sentence Dating neff Marriage Agency Velida is a place where singles from all over the world meet singles. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Francelina and jeff still dating Transgender discrimination. Science activities francelina and jeff still dating demonstrations by Joanne Francelina and jeff still dating the host of 'Y?' Francelina and jeff still dating Blount, Actress: An Officer and a Gentleman. Lisa Blount francelina and jeff still dating born on July 1, 1957 in Fayetteville, Arkansas, USA as Lisa Suzanne Blount. She was an actress and. ChristianMingle. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and … Devoted to developing relationships between transsexual women and men, includes articles, letters amp; a free monitored chatroom. Read online dating profile examples for women that will show you how to transform your profile writing into writing that blows away all other profiles. RatingWidget is a FREE Customizable, Multilingual, Thumb amp; Star Rating System for your Blog, Online Shop or Website. Get it now. Flying is terrible these days. It flat-out sucks. From ballooning lines to get through security procedures that mostly dont work to random fees and seats so small. Peeing Cupid is the webs premier pee dating and pissing personals site. Unlike other adult dating sites we specialise only in peeing. Thousands of men and women. Over70dating. org - the official over 70 dating site for senior singles.
Connectivity First Evidence That Online Dating Is Changing the Nature of Society Dating websites have changed the way couples meet. Now evidence is … In most cases you can tell that the girl is a scammer just by looking at her francelina and jeff still dating. Tip 1. Most scammy profiles start with words quot;I the sociable girlquot;, quot;I the.
The model and former boxer, Younes Bendjima, is dating the reality TV star Welcome to FiftyDating. With thousands of 50 Australian singles, FiftyDating is one of the Australia's best and most trusted online dating sites catering for senior. We recommend online dating websites in China ieff date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way.
You download the app, create a snd, add some francelina and jeff still dating paginas speed dating. SugarDaddyMeet: Largest and Safest Sugar Daddy Dating Platform For Wealthy Sugar Daddies and Female Sugar Babies Seeking Mutual Benefits. Find a Sugar Daddy From Over. Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating site to meet sugar daddies and sugar babies seeking an arrangement of mutual benefit.
Meet a. Most popular dating sites ukraine evidence for creation can be clearly seen from that which has stilk made by our Creator. God's Attributes Are Revealed. Nature reveals God's attributes. RSVP. Publishers of calendars, greeting cards and illustrated francelina and jeff still dating. Since 1994 offering Products and Services designed to help people enjoy their lives, plan their.
Tech How To Write A Good Online Dating Profile There are enough terrible internet dating profiles out there. Here's how to write one that won't send potential. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Wanna know how to get over francelina and jeff still dating breakup.
An affordable country apartment complex that is conveniently located near: shopping, schools and many points of interest.

After eights days, the goal of filling 1 million sandbags in Fargo was reached ahead of schedule as residents in the Red River Valley prepare for what could be one of the top five worst floods in history.
Thousands of volunteers showed up during the sandbag effort that began last week. WDAY says the final sandbag was filled by 7-year-old Drew Cohen Thursday night.
The Fargo Forum reports regular operations will transition to "standby" mode Friday afternoon. The equipment will remain in place in case more sandbags are needed.
The National Weather Service says there&apos;s a 50 percent chance of the Red River reaching 38 feet, which would be the fifth-highest flood of all time in the area and the fourth major flood in five years for the Fargo-Moorhead area.
The Twins’ Jason Marquis is slated to get his first start of the season tonight in New York after starting the season in the minors. The right-hander needed two weeks off in March to care for his daughter, who was injured in a bike accident. Marquis says he’s ready to go ... not only physically, but mentally.
There is a growing concern that Scott Baker and Jason Marquis won't be ready to start the regular season on time. Baker is recovering from elbow tendinitis and Marquis is at home with his daughter, who was seriously injured in a bicycle accident. The backup plan is to have relievers ready to start, and Anthony Swarzak, Matt Maloney and Liam Hendriks are all being stretched out just in case their number is called.
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire says Jason Marquis will likely make his first start Wednesday against the Yankees. Marquis pitched eight strong innings for Class AA New Britain on Thursday as he continues to build up his stamina.
After missing two weeks to help take care of his daughter, who was injured in a bicycle accident, Jason Marquis is returning to the Twins on Tuesday. Manager Ron Gardenhire says "it's pretty obvious there's not much chance that he'll start with us." The Twins want Marquis to pitch in a game before he re-joins the big league club.
Jason Marquis is scheduled to make a second start with Class AA New Britain on Thursday. Barring any setbacks, the right-handed starter will re-join the Twins on Friday. Marquis missed the final two weeks of spring training to be with his daughter, who was injured in a bicycle accident.
The Twins announced Wednesday that starter Scott Baker will miss the entire 2012 season to surgically repair his right elbow. With Baker out, the Twins will have to rely on Jason Marquis and Liam Hendriks to help stabilize the rotation.
The last time Jason Marquis pitched in game he broke his leg. That might explain some of his spring training jitters in his Twins' debut on Monday. The right-hander allowed four runs on three hits and three walks, and he threw three wild pitches in Minnesotas 10-2 loss to the Red Sox.
The left-hander threw about 70 pitches during a bullpen session Saturday. Liriano was pulled from his last scheduled start to give him time to regain his confidence. He'll go for his first win of the season on May 1 in Anaheim.
As expected, the Twins optioned Jason Marquis to Class AA New Britain on Wednesday. The right-handed starter hasn't pitched in a game since March 19 because he was taking care of his daughter, who was injured in a bicycle accident. Meanwhile, Scott Baker was officially placed on the 15 day disabled list, retroactive to March 27.
Solemnity of the Nativity of the Lord - Two-Minute Homily by Archbishop Mark Coleridge - Archdiocese of Brisbane
Home » Multimedia » Two-minute homilies » Solemnity of the Nativity of the Lord – Two-Minute Homily by Archbishop Mark Coleridge
Two-minute Homily by Archbishop Mark Coleridge for the Solemnity of the Nativity of the Lord, 2016. “Whoever you are, and wherever you are on this day, come to the feast, the party is for you, the child is born, and so we celebrate. Happy Christmas.”
Home is a safe place where we can drop our guard and feel every bit safe, after all it is our sanctuary! However, imagine if this safety were to be violated by an intruder, putting you and the live of others that you love at risk, not to mention the threat to valuable possessions.
These threats are real, existent and rampant. Despite that, it is overwhelming to see people treat their home security as a low priority. Safety of your home does not have to cost you a fortune, not when you have service providers like All Day Locksmith Service who bring valued service not only at your doorstep but also closer to your budget.
All Day Locksmith Service is an expert residential locksmith service provider that has been serving the Bristol, PA area for over a decade. In all these years, we earned respect, wealth of experience and also trade best practices, that allows us to serve our clients in an efficient manner. We are skilled at handling everything from changing door locks to assessing your property for a suitable home security solution. Over the years, many of our clients have come to trust our recommendations in specialized matters such as security overhaul, change of locks, door repairs etc. Our locksmiths can evaluate your needs, budget and security requirements to recommend a solution that suits you completely.
At All Day Locksmith Service, it is our job to make your home as safe as we possibly can, eliminate any opportunity for an invader to violate your privacy and fortify your perimeter to discourage such attempts. We can also be your single point of contact when you need a specialist in case of emergency locksmith situations such as residential lockouts. Don't panic if you left the key inside. Just call us once and we will arrive with our mobile locksmith unit in no time and develop a new key for you within minutes. We provide guaranteed 24/7 locksmith service to all our clients in Bristol, PA area. This means that there is always a locksmith present to help you, no matter when the crisis strikes you!
To serve your needs adequately and responsibly, we made it a point that we only hire professionals who are true to their jobs. This is why All Day Locksmith Service recruits only professional locksmiths who have the necessary qualifications and experience to fulfil our service standards. Our locksmiths can help you with eviction service like they can fix your door locks for you. We have plenty of other services that make us indispensable in Bristol, PA area.
All Day Locksmith Service has the highest standards of locksmith services available for all its clients. We do not compromise on our quality and never believe in exploiting our customers by charging them exorbitant prices for our efficient services. In fact, our 24-hour emergency locksmith service also doesn’t come at a premium. So, if you are in a residential lockout crisis, don't get anxious as the help will arrive soon and will certainly be cheaper than any other local locksmith.
Our combined excellence of professional locksmiths and cutting edge technology available at their disposal makes us the best in all of Bristol, PA area. So far, no competitor has been able to hold up to our prices and service quality. We promise you that if you opt for us once, you will refuse to venture out to another!
Bristol Mountain Aerial Adventures is hiring for the following positions. Please click on each position to see a full job description.

There are a number of laws, under the Ontario Building Code, that dictate outhouse location. One that states all Class 1 Sewage Systems (“earth pit” privies) must be located at least three metres from any property line. If an outhouse has been around for many years, it is grandfathered and the three-metre rule doesn’t apply.
There are no laws about how often someone needs to move an outhouse. However, Code does say that the privy must be maintained. This applies to any class of sewage system. And although Code only governs new construction and any work on existing systems, if authorities deemed the old outhouse unsafe, you would be required to make it safe or bring it up to current standards—and possibly move it. Call your local building department for more information.
As a recent resident to the St. Louis area, I am originally from Pennsylvania where I received my educational training in teaching. I hold a bachelor's degree in psychology/secondary education and PA Instructional teaching certificates in Social Studies and English for grades 7-12. My public...
I have been teaching third grade for two years now and loved every minute of it. I graduated from the Univeristy of Oklahoma in 2014 with my Bachelor's of Science in Elementary Education and a minor in Sociology. I am currently pursuing a Master's In Educations, also from The Univeristy of...
Dear Student and Parents, . After teaching Language Arts and History 5th-8th grades for years, as well as 5th grade math, then teaching my own grandchildren Spanish and Chinese, I continue to tutor adults in English for Rockwood School District. I...
Hi. I am a veteran tutor and Special Education Teacher offering tutoring services throughout the St. Louis area. I tutor students from elementary school through high school and college, including the ACT. I specialize in all subjects and grade levels, including Special Education. I have taught...
Hello all, Tutoring combines my love of education, both teaching and learning. I have a Master's Degree in Economics and Finance, and have experience tutoring undergraduate students. I would be happy to help any students with those subjects. I can also assist students of any age group with...
Chuck L. is a writer, marketing and performance improvement consultant with over 20 years of valuable experience. He has two companies. At one company, he writes business plans, grant requests, B2B and B2C copy, RFP responses and business proposals, creates and implements performance...
I have a passion for Teaching; it has been my career for 30 years. This has included teaching in Colleges, schools, and private tutoring. I am qualified in love to teach Biology and it's related fields, including Chemistry, Ecology, Environmental Sciences, Genetics, Molecular biology, and...
Teaching has been my passion for more than 30 years. Since I've always thought of each student as an individual, my whole career has really been about tutoring more than teaching a group of people. I've taught at every level from Jr. High to Grad School. For many years, I taught teachers how to...
I am a recent graduate of the University of Missouri-Columbia, earning two Bachelor's degrees: a B.S.Ed. in Secondary Social Studies Education and a B.A. in Political Science. I graduated top of my class with summa cum laude with both degrees. I have been a tutor during my entire undergraduate...
Since I was a child I have loved the wonder and adventure of learning new things and sharing those things learned with others (in particular young people). I believe there has to be structure to the learning experience but at the same time a teacher has to flexible to new ideas and challenges for...
As a doctorate level psychologist (and licensed counselor) in private practice, I have worked in education on the corporate level, teaching a variety of classes to corporate employees. One of my specialties is working with children and adults with ADD and ADHD; and have thus been an advocate...
I'm a history major at Lindenwood University. I am currently into my Senior year and finishing up my degree to pursue a field in public history and archival work. I've been a regular on the Dean's List and I am Honors College eligible as well. I also had a 4.0 GPA last semester. I have experience...
Connecting with American History Tutors at Cottleville is easy on Uloop.com. Browse for Cottleville American History Tutors and more in and around Cottleville, MO. You can check out American History Tutors listings from Cottleville students and profiles from local Cottleville residents. To make things easier, you can narrow your Cottleville American History Tutors search down using filters to refine results and enhance your tutor search experience. Share relevant Cottleville American History tutors with Cottleville classmates to make the tutor search process even faster for them. Utilize Uloop.com to find Cottleville American History tutors today!
Although Bangladesh had a basic health care infrastructure in the 1980s, much remained to be done, particularly in rural areas, where the majority of the people faced critical health problems. The main dangers to health in the late 1980s were much the same as they were at the time of independence. The incidence of communicable disease was extensive, and there was widespread malnutrition, inadequate sewage disposal, and inadequate supplies of safe drinking water. The fertility rate was also extremely high. Only 30 percent of the population had access to primary health care services, and overall health care performance remained unacceptably low by all conventional measurements. Life expectancy at birth in FY 1985, according to official Bangladesh statistics was estimated at 55.1 years, as opposed to 61 years in comparable developing countries. Morbidity and mortality rates for women and children were high. Infant mortality rates exceeded 125 deaths per 1,000 live births, the maternal mortality rate was 6 per 1,000 live births, and 56.1 percent of infants suffered from chronic malnutrition. More than 45 percent of rural families and 76 percent of urban families were below the acceptable caloric intake level. About two-thirds of all families received insufficient protein and vitamins.
2, Express Post + Tracking (Guaranteed Next Business Day within the Express Post network (If posted on any business day Monday to Friday in accordance with the conditions set out on the item).) - $23.70 ( ($26.07 inc GST)
Please email me PRIOR to placing the order on AFTERPAY so i can check stock please and i need to approve your AFTERPAY purchase prior to processing
There is something special about knowing who and where your food comes from, and when you take a bite at the Ashland, OR, Farmers Market, you will know that everything …

Catch-22 (Paramount, 1970). Lobby Cards (6) (11" X 14"). War. Starring Alan Arkin, Martin Balsam, Richard Benjamin, Art Garfunkel, Bob Newhart, Martin Sheen, Jon Voight, and Orson Welles. Directed by Mike Nichols. Six unrestored lobby cards with bright color and clean overall appearances. They may have general signs of use, such as slight fold separations and fold wear, pinholes, or very minor tears. Grades on all restored items are pre-restoration grades; Please see full-color, enlargeable image below for more details. One of the lobby cards has been folded. Very Fine-.	
Thea betrays Malcolm to the League, but Oliver sets out to rescue his lover’s killer so that Thea won’t suffer the guilt of arranging for a parent’s death. In the past, Oliver and the Yamashiros are released from custody, but Amanda Waller has other plans.
Meet Savi, a successful career woman working toward the next phase in her life — both professional and personal — simultaneously bucking for partner at her law firm while she…
24 is an American television series produced for the Fox network and syndicated worldwide, starring Kiefer Sutherland as Counter Terrorist Unit agent Jack Bauer. Each 24-episode season covers 24 hours…
New Yorker Zoe Hart has it all figured out – after graduating top of her class from medical school, she’ll follow in her father’s footsteps and become a cardio-thoracic surgeon….
Track the intertwined real-life stories of three U.S. Marines – Robert Leckie, John Basilone, and Eugene Sledge – across the vast canvas of the Pacific Theater during World War II….
Under the Dome is based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King. It tells the story of the residents of the small town of Chester’s Mill in…
A young CIA operative, Annie Walker, is mysteriously summoned to headquarters for duty as a field operative. While Annie believes she’s been promoted for her exceptional linguistic skills, there may…
At Sydney’s National Dance Academy, a few talented youngsters are recruited for the excruciatingly tough course. It follows Tara Webster, a sheepfarmgirl who’s ambition is to be the next best…
The series follows John Porter, a former British Special Forces soldier, who is drafted back into service by Section 20, a fictional branch of the Secret Intelligence Service. Download Nulled…
The FBI’s team of Cyber Crime Investigators, headed by Special Agent Avery Ryan, works to solve cases involving the dark-net. Avery, a Special Agent in Charge and esteemed Cyber-Psychologist heads…
Web Design Company India, Website Design Delhi We are an Indian digital agency with a shared passion to elevate brands through simplicity and purpose. With our creative team we can fulfill your web design, web development, mobile apps, branding and other online and digital requirements. Web Design Company India
i am new here! will you please tell me how can i improve traffic for my website. if i give my web design company india website url here. may be they block me, so please tell me how can i do seo to get more traffic for my website.
<p>i am new here! will you please tell me how can i improve traffic for my website. if i give my web design company india website url here. may be they block me, so please tell me how can i do seo to get more traffic for my website.<br /></p>
great post, Thanks for share all outdated SEO Tactics that we have to update in our SEO Campaign. Also Please share outdated link-building techniques in your opinion? i have seen my website ranking now down so i want to know about its backlinks is useful or not now a days.
<p>great post, Thanks for share all outdated SEO Tactics that we have to update in our SEO Campaign. Also Please share outdated link-building techniques in your opinion? i have seen my website ranking now down so i want to know about its backlinks is useful or not now a days.</p>

Suspension Belt Frame 4,5m is used for workouts with suspension training belts, but it also has pull-up bars and a monkey bar. Thanks to its segment structure, the frame is easy-to-use and may be simply modernized and expanded if necessary. Frame will perfectly fit into any fitness hall, as well as show itself greatly during competitions.
by admin | Mar 14, 2017 | Angela Delmedico, Elev8, Elev8 Consulting, Elev8 Consulting Group, Entrepreneurship, Innovation, Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Strategy, TechCo |
Elev8 Consulting Group assists solopreneurs to corporations with the creation of highly effective marketing and publicity strategies and campaigns. Angela Delmedico specializes in marketing, publicity, branding, business strategy in industries ranging from start-ups, small to medium sized businesses, corporate, nonprofit and government.
I am at least 18 years of age. It is legal in my state and/or country to purchase aromatherapy devices. Use of these products is entirely at the risk and discretion of the user and Elevated615.com will not be responsible for any use or misuse of the products sold herein.
All products sold on Elevated615.com are warranted to be free from defects in materials or workmanship for a product specific period displayed from the date of purchase. Elevated615.com, at its sole option, will repair or replace any components that fail in normal use. A manufacturer’s warranty does not cover failures due to abuse, misuse, accident, unauthorized alteration, repairs or acts of God.
Elevated615.com retains the exclusive right to replace the unit at its sole discretion. We are not responsible for damages and losses of our products and your properties due to alteration of any kind.
All sales are final on all items purchased on Elevated615.com. Elevated615.com has no control over the use, application, or maintenance of our products, no liability shall be assumed nor accepted for any damages, losses or costs resulting from the use of the products. Any claims arising from the operating, failure or malfunctioning etc., will be denied. Elevated615.com assumes no liability for personal injuries, property damages or consequential damages resulting from our products.
Manufacturer warranty covers the merchandise(s) sold only. In no event shall Elevated615.com be liable for ANY damages (including without limitation, consequential damages, incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, loss of business profit, business interruption, loss of business information, loss of time, inconvenience, or other losses) arising out of the use, misuse, or inability to use the product. Elevated615.com reserves the right to change the design and function of the products they sell without any obligation to modify any previous product.
Elevated615@gmail.com. Include your receipt of the proof of purchase along with a description of the problem. Our staff will inspect the returned product and if the product is found to be defective and covered by a manufacturers warranty, the sole remedy is repair or replacement, at our option. A repaired or replacement product will be shipped back at your cost.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold smokeandvape.com harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
“Every single second is an opportunity to change your life, because in any moment you can change the way you feel.”. ~ Rhonda Byrne
These “specialised” sessions for one hour are priced at £100 either in-person in Grantham`s Town Centre or by Skype and Telephone Nationally and Internationally.
Michael is a `specifically` qualified and Accredited Law of Attraction Life Coach as well as being an Accredited Holistic Life Coach and Licensed Therapist.
Many clients come to Dr. Michael Millett having seen “The Secret”, or “What The Bleep Do We Know!?” and are wondering how The Universal Law of Attraction can create a life that they FULLY DESIRE while others have heard of The Law of Attraction from other sources, and want it to work for them.
Michael is an expert on the Law of Attraction being a specialist and Certified Law Of Attraction Coach having trained with Dr. Joe Vitale, best selling author and one of the stars of the hit movie `The Secret`, and Steve G. Jones who has numerous recordings and publications about self-awareness and the Law of Attraction and who co-authored the book You Can Attract It with Frank Mangano.
Michael also holds a Doctor of Philosophy, Ph.D, specialising in Holistic Life Coaching with the University of Sedona in the United States, and he is a Registered UK Coach with the Life Coaching Directory based in Surrey, England as well as being a therapist and Meta-physician for more than 20 years.
So, Michael is here to help you get a better life by helping you to release patterns that are no longer useful, helps you shift frequencies of Attraction, and then ATTRACT what you would prefer, by creating new patterns, frequencies, expectations and beliefs.
Michael works with you on achieving your goals through The Law of Attraction which focuses on what you want ! He uses and teaches specialised but practical tools and processes to harness this powerful creative energy – leading to effective and personalised manifesting techniques.
You have the power to consciously create the life that you want, by changing your thoughts and tuning in to the feeling of appreciation and gratitude, developing an “abundance consciousness” and connecting with it by breaking through the limiting beliefs of your mind.
Michael focuses on all aspects of abundance which is the ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it – whether this involves,
Michael works one-to-one with many individuals and business-people from all over the UK and Ireland and from the rest of the world too in this `specialist` work.
These particular coaching sessions with Dr. Michael Millett are available on the telephone /using Skype or a combination of in-person in Grantham, Lincolnshire, UK and on the telephone / using Skype and costs £100 for an hour`s session.
No matter where you are in your life, Michael does not focus on reviewing past events or analysing previous `failures.`
He helps clients create a personal plan to overcome fears, establish a solid connection with your desires, work with the power of intention, understand the power of emotions and know what you most want in your life. He empowers you with simple tools for purging negativity and really understanding the Law of Gratitude.
He will teach you practical methods and techniques to deliberately apply the Law of Attraction in all situations.
Take action today and get in touch with Michael whose work with clients in this area is founded on deliberate creation and the Law of Attraction, to help and support you begin applying the Law of Attraction to YOUR life !
Law of Attraction Coaching. Law of Attraction Coach. LOA Coach. LOA Coaching. Law of Attraction Leeds. Law of Attraction Sheffield. Law of Attraction Nottingham. Law of Attraction Lincoln. Law of Attraction Derby. Law of Attraction Leicester. Law of Attraction Grantham. Law of Attraction London. Law of Attraction Stamford. Law of Attraction Peterborough. Law of Attraction Newark. Law of Attraction Skype. Law of Attraction Coaching London. Law of Attraction Coaching UK. Law of attraction Coaching Ireland. Law of Attraction Coaching Nottingham. Law of Attraction Coaching Leicester. Law of Attraction Stamford. Law of Attraction Coaching Stamford. Law of Attraction Coaching Leeds. Law of Attraction Coaching Sheffield. Law of Attraction Coaching Lincoln. Law of Attraction Coaching Derby. Law of Attraction Coaching Peterborough. Law of Attraction Coaching Skype. Law of Attraction Coaching Grantham. Law of Attraction Coaching Newark.
Elevation Cycles is HIRING a full-time sales guru! We are a devoted group of cyclist who are passionate about getting all types of people on bikes! Are you looking for an energetic, fast-paced job where laughing and fun is a daily occurrence? Do you believe in stellar customer service?
If the thought of helping others love riding as much as you do fires you up, please send your resume along with an email telling us why you would be the perfect fit for our team. Excellent wages and overall compensation; benefits include paid health insurance, demo bike after the first year, paid vacation, and more. We can’t wait to hear from you.
As Level 1 Tech, you are the businesses utility infielder: most of the time, you will be assigned to a specific role, but at times you will be asked to help address novel needs where they arise. While the level 1 technician is the most junior position in Elevation’s Service Department, that status should not suggest that the quality of work coming out of the Level 1 technician’s stand can be anything less than perfect. As a Level 1 Tech, there will be fewer primary duties expected of you, but everything you are tasked to do should be done as flawlessly as if it were done by the most skilled mechanic in the department.
The Level 1 Tech reports directly to the Lead Tech or the Service Writer but at times may be directed by the General Manager for temporary tasks.
Repair flat tires, attending to the cause of the flat and safety and functionality of the bicycle once flat is changed. If concerns are raised, seek assistance from Service Writer or other mechanics
To ensure every customer has a flawless bicycle until instructed otherwise by the Lead Tech or Service Manager, all of your work must be signed off on by another tech. This should not be seen as a lack of trust or respect, but a department commitment to offering the highest quality product possible.
Once a Level 1 tech has shown mastery of above listed “Primary Duties” s/he may have the opportunity to be trained to Level 2 tech skillset. This will be at the discretion of the Lead Tech or Service Manager and in line with the needs of Elevation Cycles
The Level 2 Tech is the backbone of the Elevation Cycles service department. While there may be variances in the starting skill sets of each mechanic, it is assumed that any Level 2 tech can flawlessly perform 80%-90% of the types of repairs performed by Elevation. In addition to exhibiting competency in the following technical areas, a Level 2 Tech should be comfortable balancing a demand for efficient work with complete thoroughness. Beyond performing necessary repairs, a Level 2 tech should be able to clearly and competently communicate with customers.
The Level 2 Tech reports directly to the Service Writer or Lead Tech but at times may be directed by the General Manager for temporary tasks.
To ensure every customer has a flawless bicycle until instructed otherwise by the Lead Tech or Service Writer, all of your work must be signed off on by the Lead Tech or Service Writer. This should not be seen as a lack of trust or respect, but a department commitment to offering the highest quality product possible.
I have C++ on my resume because I wrote it for several clients while I was working at Spry and CompuServe, but it’s neither MicroSoft C++ nor is it particularly up-to-date. One of the things I did not recall was that Raucous, the RADIUS-to-Oracle interface I wrote many moons ago, was written in C++. For some reason, I was convinced that it was written in C, but no, I found an original copy of it on one of my ancient work-from-home folders and, sure enough, it was written in C++. Not just that, but good C++.
Raucous wasn’t a particularly complicated piece of software: it listened to a shared memory message queue, passed that message to Oracle, took the response from Oracle, and dropped the response into a another shared memory queue. It was a primitive two-way consumer-producer channel between the RADIUS server and the Oracle DB, but it was absolutely rock solid.
There were five objects total; not a huge ecosystem. Thread, Log, Radius, Oracle, and Service. Service, Thread, and Log were all generic server objects designed to handle any kind of internet transaction, and are pretty much an early thread-based Reactor pattern implementation. Radius was a kind-of Service that listned to the queue, and each Radius thread had a shared handle to the Oracle object (which was written in Pro*C, an SQL-embedded C) and each query was wrapped in thread management so as to not confuse Oracle. It was definitely a “as long as Oracle doesn’t choke, everything will work fine” kind of program, and it ran beautifully.
The thing of it was, it’s written with Literate Programming. There’s an incredibly verbose section where I go on and on about how the shared memory deque works, mostly because it was my first foray into Solaris shared memory and I wanted to make sure I understood it before doing any more. It’s an interesting read that way. Even better, every major interface got its own LP document, as if I were writing independent libraries and only the int main(int argc, char *argv[]) mattered after that.
I haven’t written much C++ since then. It was informally verboten at the last job after we had one programmer whose C++ was so good, so beautiful, so perfect and pedantic that nobody else could read it. But if this is what I’m capable of, I should definitely get my noweb install working properly and start writing in it again.

Even though it’s not quite spring yet, it was so nice out today that I got a craving for frozen yogurt. Since there are no TCBY’s in the city, I have been trudging through life without a local fro-yo joint – until now that is. When I was on the bus yesterday I remembered this spot on Astoria Boulevard that I saw once before – Twirlz Yogurt Bar.
I love the bright colors in this place, and the fact that they have NORMAL frozen yogurt. They also have the tart variety of yogurt, for those odd people who prefer it, but I like my yogurt sweet and creamy.
Plus, right on the wall is a giant poster letting you know that all of the yogurt is gluten free, except for the cookies and cream and english toffee flavors.
After a free sample, I decided on half strawberry/half chocolate yogurt with fresh strawberries. Little did I know that I would get a veritable Leaning Tower of Pisa of yogurt.
It might have been intimidatingly large, but boy was it tasty. I will be back many a time this spring and summer to try all of their rotating flavors.
This entry was posted in Restuarant Reviews and tagged astoria, frozen yogurt, Gluten-free, yogurt. Bookmark the permalink.	

I64 to Alta, Rt.12 to Alderson, just before bank, turn right on Hemlock , follow to gated entrance on right.
Kirby Greenland is perfectly happy with the life she is living. Sure she could probably think of better things to do, than follow after her mother and making sure she pays bills and does laundry, but all in all she’s happy. Kirby’s life is turned upside down when her mother tells her that she is going to live with her uncle while she goes to Africa as a nurse….
Personally I loved this book because when I read it I feel like i’m in the story. Throughout kirby shows her strength to find out what has happened to her mum and to where she has gone. As she goes into a complete new world it takes her a while to apart to the strange differences as it would someone else. I just loved how she became a better person and started to think of others before she did something unholy again. 10/10 I love this book and it’s series. For this to make sense this is what the rule is: “The Rule encompasses small things, such as no one is allowed to use contractions when they speak or do anything for fun or relaxation. The Rule also reigns over big things. Women must wear clothing that covers all the skin and braid their hair, the questioning of authority and higher education are not allowed, and everyone must be kept away from the world and only focused on God, so no TV or radio. Kirby realizes that the Rule extends out even further. Women’s role is to stay home and have as many children as possible, so as soon as she turns sixteen, she will be forced to marry a boy of her Uncle Caleb’s choosing.”
I think I feel this way because if I was in her situation I would probably do the same things that she did and act the same way. Kirby’s old life she was aloud to do pretty much what she wanted but now under her uncles supervision, there’s a rule that they can’t use contractions (tv, radio, newspaper, phones, mirrors), Kirby must also only wear long, modest clothing.
Daniel Pilgrim interested me because he knew some of the behind the scenes and then he also was struggling with the decision to leave his family and get better education. This was hard for him to decide because he had grown up with his family and being religious and having to choose his family or his career.
I learnt that even if you grow up in a religious family sometimes you want to experience a life for yourself. Even though your in a tight sticky situation you can work your way out and gain a better come
Yes this title was a god one because it summed up the whole story, it was based on this story and made a statement even before you start reading that her name is not esther.
Foyle Women's Aid = 40th Anniversary Timeline Police Response To Wife Assault – A Northern Ireland Study. – Foyle Women's Aid
October 1986 – NI Women’s Aid Federation published research on family violence. This was carried out by Pamela Montgomery & Viv Bell.

When asked about the main location of the arts community at Emory last year, it’s likely that “Eagle Row” would be far from the first place to come to most students’ minds. However, with the new Eagle Row Theme Housing program, one of the houses on the Row is looking to become the next arts hub on campus.
The Media, Literature and Arts Outreach (MLAO) house is one of Emory’s newest additions. This past Saturday, the MLAO hosted its kickoff event at 14 Eagle Row — a party featuring a visual arts showcase with original artwork by 17 Emory student-artists.
In a side room that acted as a gallery, MLAO displayed the artwork on the walls and in glass cases, allowing guests to simultaneously socialize and view the art. While this event was strictly for visual artwork, featuring photography, painting, sketches and even jewelry, MLAO will expand its events to include more artistic media in the future.
The kickoff event also featured a room to dance in the basement, complete with a surprise performance by dance group Persuasion.
Formerly the house of fraternity Kappa Alpha Order, the idea for MLAO sparked when College senior Nick Bowman, co-president of The Emory Spoke, Emory’s humor magazine, heard about the opportunity for themed housing on the Row.
Because there was only a week to create an idea for a house (and in the middle of final exams), Bowman reached out to his fellow members of Media Council, the organization that oversees student media organizations such as radio station WMRE and literary-arts magazine Alloy.
Juliana Bonovich, College junior and president of The Pulse, one of Emory’s art publications magazines, quickly jumped on board. A sophomore advisor in Longstreet-Means Hall at the time, Bonovich was able to bring her experience and knowledge of Emory Residence Life to the application for the house.
The two then recruited Senior Director of Campus Life Technology and Bookstore Relations Bruce Covey as their faculty advisor. Covey, a book publisher and poet, ran the “What’s New in Poetry?” series that ended last fall. He suggested that they expand the idea from media, resulting in a theme encompassing literature and the arts as well..
After generating student interest, compiling a list of about 60 students and making a presentation to a group of faculty and students from organizations including the Student Government Association, Residence Life and Housing and Greek Life councils, the group won the house, with Bonovich as the resident advisor.
Bonovich hopes that it will fill the void left by the cuts made to the Department of Visual Arts and the Journalism Program.
The MLAO house will also give students the opportunity to reserve rooms online for their personal art projects. According to Bonovich, these rooms are optimal for students worried about issues such as getting paint on the carpets in dorm rooms, those looking to collaborate with fellow artists and more.
While unable to grant card access to the inside of the building to all students, Bonovich said that students are welcome to work on the back porch, inviting students to bring art supplies or even instruments.
Bonovich also spoke about reaching out to professors to give lectures and run programs at the house.
“When you take an event from a department and put it on Eagle Row, suddenly you’re merging two worlds,” Bonovich explained. “You’re making academics a little more exciting, you’re giving students a platform, you’re giving students a place where they can show their excitement a little more because it’s a more acceptable place.”
Citing the huge popularity of events hosted by The Pulse, such as Symposium, the arts showcase co-hosted by fraternity Alpha Tau Omega that drew 300 people last September, Bonovich said that she hopes the MLAO house will have similar successes.
“This is such an important space to have,” Bonovich said. “We’re really just trying to center the arts on campus.”
As the location of the Visual Arts building (located behind the baseball field on Peavine Creek Drive) is far from a central area on campus and difficult to reach, Bonovich and Bowman hope that having MLAO in the middle of a major social hub on campus such as Eagle Row will help students find the time and opportunities to participate more in the arts community at Emory.
“We knew that people don’t always have the time to do what they want to do in college,” Bonovich said. “That’s what we were hoping that house would be — giving people the time to do what they want to do.”
With the funding cuts made by the Student Government Association (SGA) to Emory’s Media Council, which covers over 10 student media organizations, from $50,000 to $10,000, there may be an even larger void in the media and arts community.
“I’m really excited about [any future] events done [at MLAO] by other organizations,” Bowman said, adding that his organization, The Emory Spoke, will hopefully hold an event open to all of Emory.
Although the MLAO house will have to reapply next spring to keep their house on Eagle Row, both Bonovich and Bowman are excited for the year to come.
“I really hope that it can just become a normal fixture on campus, a destination for like-minded people,” Bonovich said.


Hello everyone! Finally back on the island after 8 days in beautiful, magical Slovenia and I must say, this understated and peacefully picturesque place has managed to crawl its way up to my top five favourite countries of all time.
I’ve always known it’s pretty… Everyone’s seen the postcard shots of Lake Bled, with its quaint little church island and the fairytale castle hanging off a cliff in the background. But, Slovenia, you are so much more than that aren’t you? A country of rolling green vineyards, moody mysterious mountains, terracotta roofed seaside towns and crystal clear rivers and lakes… With friendly, unassuming locals, a solid and safe infrastructure, and amazingly delicious and authentic (and cheap!) food and wine, what more could a girl ask for!!
Just going to share a quick itinerary on how I spent my days in the country. I know a couple of you had asked me for a layout of how I had planned my trip, so I’m going to give a short summary below for now. Later on I will be sharing more details about my experiences of country of course… But this is just a little taster, to get you excited about the possibility of a trip to Slovenia in the near future! 😉
So, first things first… There are no direct flights from Malta to Slovenia – the next best option? Land in a country close by and drive in… Thats what we did! We landed in Treviso (thanks again Ryanair!) were we had a rental car awaiting us, then drove to Ljubljana, were we spent our next couple of days.
So, our first two nights were spent in Ljubljana… It’s a lovely little city, very easily manoeuvred by foot, with all the main sights being within walking distance from each other.
We then drove to Bled, where we spent another two nights… There’s tons to see around the area. PLEASE DO NOT limit yourself to Lake Bled! Yes it’s beautiful, yessss the church island and castle are very pretty, spend a day there and enjoy these attractions, then get out and do some exploring! The impressive Vintgar Gorge is only a few kilometres away and Lake Bohinij is just as gorgeous, even more breathtaking in my opinion! The Triglav national park is a treasure trove of natural beauty spots and you can even ride a cable car to the top of the Slovenian Alps if you want, to get some bird’s eye shots of the country.
After staying in Bled, we moved towards Postojna, to see the immense underground kingdom that is the Postojna Cave complex… We also got to see the little baby dragons (Olms are baby dragons I tell you!!!) who live in these caves… An exciting treat for an animal lover such as myself! 😀 Make sure to see the Predjama Castle while you’re in the area! It’s only 9 km away and worth going the extra mile to visit.
Onwards we drove towards Lipica to see the handsome Lipizzaners (that only takes a few hours), and then southwest towards the terracotta roofed Piran. A quaint and absolutely adorable fishing village hugging the Adriatic Sea. Eat some seafood, enjoy the salty sea breeze, and indulge in some cheap and delicious house wine, you deserve it!
Speaking of wine… We once again got moving towards our last Slovenian destination the lush and emerald green Vipava Valley… Home to some of Slovenia’s finest wines, and just the most tranquil place you’ll ever visit in the country. I would have loved to spend just another day in this beautiful location, but we had to get back to Treviso, where we spent our last night (as we had an early flight the next morning).
As I said, I’m definitely going to elaborate further on my Slovenia experience… It really deserved much more than this… But there it is… a basic summary of the places we visited during our stay. Should you rent a car if you can? That’s a definite yes… The roads are easily manageable, fuel is cheap, and driving through Slovenia is really quite a pleasure! That said, do not drive there without Sat Nav (GPS)…
Categories Photography, Road Trips, travelTags blog, budget travel, driving holiday, europe, european cities, itinerary, lakes, mountains, national park, nature, Photography, Road Trips, slovenia, solo travel, travel, travel advice, travel blog, travel writing, vacation	

He was born in Rheims in France in 1651. He became a priest and devoted himself wholeheartedly to the education of children, founding schools for the poor. He and his colleagues formed a congregation called the Brothers of the Christian Schools, in whose cause he suffered many tribulations. He died in Rouen in 1719. See the articles in the Catholic Encyclopaedia and Wikipedia.
Henry Walpole was born at Docking (Norfolk) in 1558, the eldest son of Christopher and Margery Walpole. He was educated at Norwich Grammar School, at Peterhouse, Cambridge, and at Gray’s Inn. He is said to have become a Catholic as a consequence of the martyrdom of Edmund Campion. In 1582 he went abroad to study, first to Reims and then to the English College, Rome. Shortly afterwards he joined the Society of Jesus. In spite of poor health he was ordained priest at Paris in 1588, served as chaplain to the Spanish army in the Netherlands, and then taught in the English seminaries of Seville and Valladolid. In 1593 he returned to England, landing at Bridlington on 6 December, but was arrested the very next day on suspicion of being a priest. He was interrogated at York, transferred to the Tower of London where he was frequently tortured. He was indicted on a charge of high treason because he was ordained abroad to minister in England; he was condemned to death. He was executed at York on 7 April 1595, by being hanged, drawn and quartered.
Like a sapling he grew up in front of us, like a root in arid ground. Without beauty, without majesty (we saw him), no looks to attract our eyes; a thing despised and rejected by men, a man of sorrows and familiar with suffering, a man to make people screen their faces; he was despised and we took no account of him.
And yet ours were the sufferings he bore, ours the sorrows he carried. But we, we thought of him as someone punished, struck by God, and brought low. Yet he was pierced through for our faults, crushed for our sins. On him lies a punishment that brings us peace, and through his wounds we are healed.
We had all gone astray like sheep, each taking his own way, and the Lord burdened him with the sins of all of us. Harshly dealt with, he bore it humbly, he never opened his mouth, like a lamb that is led to the slaughter-house, like a sheep that is dumb before its shearers never opening its mouth.

For a genre that has long been dominated by white culture, a biracial heroine in a period drama is uncommon, but definitely not unwelcome. Belle, directed by Amma Asante, hit theaters on May 2, and takes place in England during the late 1700s. The best part about this movie? Itis based on a true story. … Read more
Is it even possible to have an action packed superhero mega hit without digital-heavy visuals? We’re going to go ahead and say no, with the exception of The Dark Knight Trilogy where Christopher Nolan only used digital artists if absolutely necessary (fun fact of the day). It is no surprise that the latest installment in the Spider-Man … Read more
Martin Scorcese is back at it this year with his latest film, The Wolf of Wall Street, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Kyle Chandler, and Rob Reiner. The movie is based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, a man who found himself consumed by the money, power, and high-stakes lifestyle of Wall Street. The film … Read more
After almost 10 years, Will Ferrell returns to the big screen this week as Ron Burgundy with Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues. Accompanying San Diego’s top-rated newsman is his team: wife and co-anchor Veronica Corningstone-Burgundy (Christina Applegate), reporter Brian Fantana (Paul Rudd), weatherman Brick Tamland (Steve Carell) and sportscaster Champ Kind (David Koechner). This time … Read more
via Tim Littlefield I saw The Hunger Games: Catching Fire with my relatives over Thanksgiving weekend, and it was awesome. I have to say, it was probably the funnest movie I’ve seen this year. It’s up there with Thor: The Dark World, The To-Do List, and…wait a second, Gravity was pretty awesome, too. Anyway regardless of rankings, it was an … Read more
Like most great movies, they usually start out as great books. The Shining is no exception. Written by the master of horror, Stephen King, The Shining was released in January 1977. The story follows Jack Torrance, a writer and recovering alcoholic, who takes on the role of caretaker to the secluded Overlook Hotel, which sits … Read more
This Is Us is Morgan Spurlock’s latest documentary. Spurlock found his fame with Supersize Me which gave the world an inside look as to what it is like to eat nothing but McDonald’s for thirty days. Now his subject is something that could quite possibly be more internationally recognized than McDonald’s: One Direction. The boyband that … Read more
If you haven’t noticed from our rather intense artist roundups, we have a thing for animation – more specifically, we have an intense love affair for Disney that just won’t go away, so when we heard that Disney has released all the details (and some exciting artwork) for their animated film pipeline, we were jumping … Read more
Blood, Guts, and Zombies. Oh My…. This past Friday, June 21st, World War Z was released nationwide. In this action-packed thriller, Brad Pitt plays a UN agent who is recruited to help save the world from a rising pandemic that is turning everyone into Zombies, (OMG). Spoiler Alert (for the nerds): Although this film is … Read more
(Spoiler alert!) Yet another film where Leonardo DiCaprio’s character dies is released today. Yay! (End spoiler alert.) Yes, there are several other reasons to be excited about the release (finally) of The Great Gatsby. The film was directed by Baz Lurhmann of Moulin Rouge fame. The credits house an all-star cast, from DiCaprio to Tobey … Read more
/Current Associates:/ /This position has a $250 Employee Referral Bonus! Know someone you would like to refer?/ / Have them apply to this posting via this direct link or at/ /http://www.altogethergreat.com// and/ /ask them to provide your name in the ?If referred by current employee? section of the online application./
Chartwells Higher Education brings fresh ideas and innovative concepts to higher education foodservice. We have quickly established ourselves as the leading college and university foodservice partner in the industry, and were twice named the Fastest Growing Brand by Nations Restaurant News. While we reflect on a proud past, we keep a keen eye on what is yet to come, especially in the areas of culinary development and nutrition. We foster development in a setting where mobility, teamwork, and communication flourish.
Carries pans, kettles and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator in accordance with safety standards.
Utilizes approved food recipes and production standards to ensure proper quality, serving temperatures and standard portion control.
Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.
Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. / Los Angeles applicants: Compass Group will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box ordinance)./
In this era of news and media, A lot of news website is made by wordPress. As wordPress is easy to use and simple to handle, the newspaper authors trust on wordPress based Website. Throughout this article , we will talk about the top 10 Newspaper theme that will help you choose from thousands of theme in the category.
A modern and beautiful theme for newspapers and magazines that comes with a friendly and beautiful design. The theme features nice sliders and carousels, a box layout, ad space, reviews and social media feeds. It can be used for any purpose because it has a clean and simple look. IsleMag comes with a responsive design, a widget footer, an Instagram feed, a great review system that allows you and users to rate different items. Carousel slider and many displays. You can also post great image galleries, add other social media feeds, use a custom wallpaper, and change colors. IsleMag offers you tons of billboards in various sizes that can be viewed anywhere on your site – on the home page, in the posts sidebar and in the header.
Just Write is wonderful wordPress theme that is aimed at authors and bloggers who want to focus their page on their written content. It contains a lot of options with main menu and a sidebar .The awesome thing is it can be toggled. It is one of the best free WordPress Theme in the newspaper section.
A magical magazine theme for fashion bloggers, praised for its smart layout and smooth animation. Whether you want to share your own thoughts, write about your latest insights, or just have a photo album, SILK Lite is designed to do it and much more.
Black and white theme is an inspiration as they can be used to build stunning portfolio websites. Most designers now build colorful websites, but black and white combinations can be very effective.Depending on the setting, the pictures can also be placed either on a black or white background and thus develop more visual appeal.We call monochrome black and white designs, and most designers usually do not use them as a combination and use either black or white together with other colors.If the background is all white or black, the colors will also reflect brighter and better, and so we mainly see the background sound on white pages as white with black fonts over it, or vice versa, so the text is more readable.
MH Edition lite is a flexible WordPress theme in the field of news and magazines. This magazine theme can turn your current WordPress site into a powerful yet lightweight online magazine or a dynamic news site with a nice flat design. Benefit from a fully responsive layout suitable for all modern mobile devices and browsers. The premium version of MH Edition includes additional features, custom widgets, and options for customizing your website.
Flymag is one of the awesome responsive magazine theme with a modern infrastucture. With Flymag, you can use more than 600 Google fonts, provide color options for many design elements, and offer you some useful page templates. By using Flymag WordPress Theme , you can easily create the layout of your title page with built-in widgets designed specifically for this task.
GreatMag is great modern magazine theme as it is named. It gives you all the options that you need to quickly create a great news site or even a simple blog. GreatMag WordPress theme comes with tons of custom widgets, color options, font control and more.
NewsAnchor is an easy-to-use magazine theme which is ideal for online news sites. If you are looking for a fresh, modern look news theme, then Newsanchor is the perfect choice. NewsAnchor comes with ready-made widgets, color options, easy access to 650+ Google fonts and more.
VMag WordPress theme for online magazines, newspapers and professional blogs is a treat to watch. It’s completely based on the Customizer tool, which lets you easily customize most theme settings with live previews. It’s completely widgetized so users can manage the site with the easy-to-use widgets. Bold typography, big pictures and beautiful colors are the key features that make it ideal for magazines and newspapers. It is a flexible and powerful theme that offers users many customization options. The entire topic structure is created with clean code, which makes the theme more secure and SEO friendly.
IonMag is a responsive and Retina-enabled WordPress theme designed specifically for news, magazines, newspapers, publishing, personal and professional blogs, editorial posts and reviews. The theme includes a powerful drag-and-drop page generator – TD Composer – that lets you create virtually any page you want, customize categories, headers, and menus directly to the front end of your website. With unique features like big grids and news tickers, unlimited categories and colors, intelligent display system, your news site is available in no time! The theme brings you a modern design so you do not have to rebuild your website from scratch. ionMag is compatible with most popular plugins for WordPress and uses the best practices for SEO.
That is enough for today. We hope this article will help you to choose the perfect theme for your WordPress Site. Feel free to share your thoughts here. Best of luck .
Hello there! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a group of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a outstanding job!
Proper epoxy flooring is all about preparation. At REDRHINO, we begin every flooring project by finding out about our customer’s needs. Since no two jobs or locations are the same, it’s critical that we understand the space we are working with, the needs of the end-user or general contractor, and any constraints (like work schedules) that we will have to deal with to make everything as smooth as possible.
Then, once the REDRHINO team of epoxy flooring specialists has arrived, we evaluate the space, and the customer’s needs, to ensure that the right products are being used for the job, and that the resulting flooring will be glossy, slip-resistant, etc., as required.
Next, most floors will require some kind of preparation – usually with diamond grinding or bead blasting, to make the surface ready for resin. Without this important step (which some independent flooring contractors might skip or speed through), your floor could be filled with patches and cracks.
Finally, we apply the resin itself to make the floor beautiful, glossy, waterproof, and durable. As we do, we make adjustments based on temperature, humidity, and other important factors to ensure that our epoxy flooring will last a long time.
Applying epoxy flooring is a more complicated process than a lot of new clients realize. While you certainly can have someone show up in a van and begin working with the resin, the results are likely going to be terrible, and expensive to fix later on.
Be sure to also visit our Epoxy Cleaning and Maintenance Guide to learn about how to care for your coatings.
At REDRHINO, we work hard every day for our reputation as your number one choice for epoxy flooring. As part of that commitment, we think it’s important to stand behind our products and our work.
You may notice that some of our competitors claim to give “lifetime” guarantees on flooring. But, once you read the fine print, you find that their promises don’t really stand up to their marketing. Look a little further into the reviews, and you’ll find that you can’t be sure they’ll stand behind their flooring for more than a few years… if they are even still in business.
Using warranties from epoxy flooring manufacturers can be difficult as well. Although most do guarantee their products for a certain amount of time, those guarantees depend on very precise (and occasionally, unrealistic) application settings involving temperature, humidity, concrete surface preparation, etc.
We understand the frustration that customers feel when dealing with these issues, which is why we offer a more straightforward warranty package than anyone in our industry. We can do this because we understand the intricacies of epoxy flooring, and make sure that our teams are trained professionally. They won’t apply resin until your floor is ready, and won’t rush through the job because they know you need it for years to come. To find out more about our guarantee, and why REDRHINO is different from other flooring companies, find a location and call us today.
At RedRhino, we are working hard every day for our reputation as your number one choice for epoxy flooring. As part of that commitment, we think it's important to stand behind our products and our work.
You may notice that some of our competitors claim to give "lifetime" guarantees on flooring. But, once you read the fine print, you find that their promises don't really stand up to their marketing. Look a little further into the reviews, and you'll find that you can't be sure they'll stand behind their flooring for more than a few years… if they are even still in business.
Using warranties from epoxy flooring manufacturers can be difficult, as well. Although most do guarantee their products for a certain amount of time, those guarantees depend on very precise (and occasionally, unrealistic) application settings involving temperature, humidity, concrete surface preparation, etc.
We understand the frustration that customers feel when dealing with these issues, which is why we offer a more straightforward warranty package than anyone in our industry. We can do this because we understand the intricacies of epoxy flooring, and make sure that our teams are trained professionally. They won't apply resin until your floor is ready, and won't rush through the job because they know you need it for years to come.
To find out more about our seven-year guarantee, and why RedRhino is different from other flooring companies,
This document is a graph which shows what percentage of sales for e-tailing sellers in white goods, retail lighting and brown goods comes online.
The (7L) System for Referral Generation. This is HOW you run a business based on Generosity. Over 300 pages of book plus discussion questions, action items, and Blessings Book journal entry suggestions. Powerful, powerful guide to discovering your purpose, your passion, your profit, and your prophets (Champions and Ambassadors who speak highly of you and refer you willingly). This is a transformational tool. You WILL be a different person and professional after going through this Action Guide.

When the scent glands are not expressed, the fluid stays inside the gland and builds up to a level that an infection can arise. Canines in pain exhibit comparable signs, whatever the root bring about of the pain may possibly be. Depending on the specific issue your canine is encountering, there are quite a few herbs you can use to support alleviate his discomfort. All of their items will be authorized for sale and use in the United States.
The scent that is excreted by the anal gland is exclusive and distinct from the scent of other dogs. Of program when you ask the question, why is my canine limping, you are concerned and want to give your dog pain relief. A joint is a connection the place two bones meet. This more baggage is extremely nerve-racking to the joints and aggravates their osteoarthritis.
Methods: A superior trainer will provide you with an honest explanation of the pros and cons of solutions they use. Make absolutely sure that puppies do not have undue worry placed on their hips and that your canine does not acquire too significantly bodyweight and these matters can assist delay the onset of his ailment really should your canine be prone to it. There are several canine discomfort relief options that pet owners can turn to. A additional significant cause of scooting is inflamed and impacted anal glands.
Right here are a couple of examples of typical prescription drugs that you may perhaps experience when your pet is sick. These days our canine’s have come to be individualized members of our families, not just an animal that hangs out in the backyard their entire lives. Scorching compresses can offer soothing relief for aching muscle groups and tense canines. Possessing to carry around also substantially excess weight leads to undue pressure rimadyl for dogs on the joints of the puppy and aggravates the concern of joint arthritis. Even though arthritis are not able to be cured, it can be taken care of as a result of diet, reasonable workout and drugs.
They can just give off hints that they are going through this kind of; on the other hand, if we are truly not that attentive to their emotions, we won’t effortlessly acknowledge that they are anguished. The dose is a hundred mg when every day per 10 lbs of entire body fat. At least you will then know for selected and request them what arthritis treatment for dogs you ought to use.
It has undergone a lot of scientific tests, but apart from not figuring out any side effects, regenerate cartilage in joints and relieve ache and inflammation. It can take place in young canines and outdated alike. Depending on the breed of your puppy or the “design” of your canine’s ears you will discover how frequently they will have to have their ears cleaned by the smell or physical appearance of the inner flap and the canal. Some owners resort to doggy boots, but for those who dwell in parts with only occasional snow, these are a problem and generally an needless expense.
My youngest was on a schedule exactly twelve hours opposite my time, he had serious eczema and was so unpleasant, and he truly, genuinely wanted to go dwelling. He’ll immediately after that make your mind up if to protect against therapy or have an effect on the discomfort relief which is used. It is pretty widespread and there is no identified remedy, still. Are latest challenge is wrestling with the conflicting emotions of trying to hold onto him as prolonged as we can, he’s been a element of the loved ones for above fourteen years now, and respecting his suitable to a life worth residing.
Normally, the age with the puppy has to turn out to be regarded as when generating this determination. Certifications: How a trainer obtained their certification must be taken into consideration. Small points in excess of a extended time period of time helps make the distinction, and when it comes to avoiding potential discomfort, soreness, and reduction of exercise in your puppy, the little items truly add up to one major factor: a happy, healthful dog.
Secondly, rimadyl for dogs is a significant challenge in the vast majority of canines as they age. A massage energizes the blood circulation, relieving anxiety and soothing your pet’s burned out nerves. Giving aspirin or Tylenol to our dogs might look like a way to relieve some of Dani’s discomfort, but those frequent drugs can in fact be toxic to your dog and bring about severe intestinal harm or worse. You will have to have to get a prescription for it.
The best way to get pills into a canine is with a delightful treat. This time, you can go for a puppy arthritis medication. On the other hand, even some non-prescriptive dietary supplements can have side results so it’s smart to request your vet’s information before incorporating individuals to your pet’s diet plan. Just keep in mind that to appropriately groom your dog, you will will need to invest in some tools like a properly-oiled set of clippers, hair brush and comb, a pair of shears, blow dryer, and towels.

Last week, Chicago hosted the NATO Summit, which brought foreign heads of state and military generals to our city. It also brought thousands of demonstrators into the streets in opposition to NATO’s policies of war and the economic policies of many of the member countries of NATO.
During the summit, People’s Law Office was active in providing legal support to activists protesting NATO. For months, attorneys and staff from the office have been volunteering with the Mass Defense Committee of the Chicago chapter of the National Lawyers Guild (NLG), which has coordinated the legal support effort for anti-NATO protesters and other social justice activists in Chicago.
People’s Law Office has been proud to be part of the NLG Chicago’s Mass Defense Committee. We were part of the team of lawyers who negotiated with the City on behalf of organizations who wished to obtain permits for their protests. In the lead up to the protests, NLG members provided Know Your Rights trainings to activists and People’s Law Office staff helped in these presentations. Our staff and attorneys were also in the streets as NLG Legal Observers and helped staff the NLG’s 24 hour legal hotline. Lawyers from our office also visited arrestees in jail and appeared on their behalf in bond court and preliminary hearings and assisted in training other attorneys on how to defend protesters in court.
We consider the work supporting the protests against NATO a continuation of our office’s longstanding commitment to supporting movements for social change. However, the legal work from the NATO protests is long from being over. Our attorneys are representing a number of those who are facing charges, including Brian Jacob Church, one of the “NATO 3” who were arrested in a late-night raid in the Bridgeport neighborhood and charged with counts of terrorism. In addition, there are over 70 reported incidents of police brutality, which we are currently investigating and documenting.
Below is more information about the case of the “NATO 3” and some of the work of People’s Law Office and the Mass Defense Committee of NLG Chicago.
“Cook County tests a never-used terror law against NATO protesters” by Annie Sweeney and Stacy St. Clair of Chicago Sun-Times
To read more about the work of People’s Law Office in defending protesters, visit the Protest and Free Speech page on this site.
On April 3, 2014, People’s Law Office attorneys obtained a seven-figure settlement for the family of Hassiba Belbachir, a vibrant 27 year old Algerian Muslim woman who died on March 17, 2005, abandoned and alone on the cold floor of a cell in immigration detention at McHenry County Jail.
A social worker at the jail who saw Hassiba on March 14, three days before she died, noted that she was suicidal; had a “major depressive disorder;” sobbed throughout the interview; was very depressed; experienced feelings of agitation, anger, anxiety, depression, hopelessness and helplessness; and believed she was dying, telling the social worker, “death is dripping slowly, drop by drop . . . I’d rather die than live like this.” The social worker deliberately ignored Hassiba’s desperate pleas for help, had no further contact with her, and didn’t bother to tell corrections officers that Hassiba was suicidal. On March 17, Hassiba wrapped her socks around her neck and took her own life.
In ruling that the social worker must stand trial for violating Hassiba’s civil rights, the U.S. Court of Appeals stated:
She was not a criminal and was no danger to any person in the jail, whether staff member, detainee, or visitor. She was an obvious suicide risk who should have been hospitalized or at least placed on suicide watch, during which a guard would have glanced into her cell every 10 minutes. […]
The defendants could have placed Belbachir in a mental hospital or at least on suicide watch. These were simple and obvious precautions against a risk of suicide. A severely depressed person who has hallucinations, acute anxiety, and feelings of hopelessness and helplessness and who cries continually, talks incessantly of death, and is diagnosed as suicidal, is in obvious danger, and if the danger (known to a defendant) can be averted at slight cost, the failure to try to avert it is willful.
Hassiba is survived by her six older siblings, who describe her as having a personality full of joy, that she was like a candle who could light up an entire room. Her brother Mohammed, a veterinarian in France, compared the effect of her death on the family with the destruction of the earth from a meteorite.
It is important to place Ms. Belbachir’s tragic and untimely death in the context of the expansion of immigration detention which routinely violates the human and civil rights of detainees, while it is seen as a profitable business by jail administrators. Her death in 2005 took place on the eve of the opening of a large unit to house ICE detainees in McHenry County, funded with more than $6 million in federal tax dollars. By 2009, by the sheriff’s own admission, renting jail cells to ICE netted the county some $55 million.
Between 2003 and 2013, at least 141 ICE detainees died in custody. While it is impossible to determine the number who took their own lives — Hassiba’s death is listed as an asphyxia — she is clearly one of at least 17 similar deaths in that ten year period.
Attorney Janine Hoft said, “This substantial settlement honors the memory of Hassiba Belbachir and reinforces the necessity to treat all persons in custody with dignity, respect and adequate care. Detainees caught up in our confusing, arbitrary and broken immigration system deserve humane treatment. No one else should die of desperation in our prisons, jails or immigration detention centers.”
Rachid Belbachir, her cousin, active in Chicago’s Muslim community, who administers her estate, said, “as a member of the family and Chicago’s Muslim community, I am satisfied that justice for Hassiba is at long last achieved. We hope and pray that the social worker, those who employed her, and those who work at the jail have learned a lesson such that no other immigration detainee will ever have to suffer from having his or her serious needs ignored, and such that no other family will ever have to suffer the loss of a loved one in immigration custody.”

Remember last night when we showed you a couple of sad pictures of Johnny Manziel hanging by himself at a Columbus, Ohio bar? It was quite a stark departure from the image of the J. Football we saw on NFL Draft Night two years ago.
2 yrs ago he was a 1st rd pick…now hes unemployed watching it at a bar in Columbus b4 the Bieber concert #Manziel pic.twitter.com/phXU96jL3K
Two years after he was selected in the 1st Round … the unemployed QB hit up Dahlia Bar and Lounge in Columbus right after the 1st round of the ’16 Draft wrapped up.
You can see in the video Johnny was in a generous mood … buying 300 shots of whiskey and some Miller Lites for the crowd.
We’re told Johnny spent the night hanging out in the DJ booth with Justin Bieber’s tour DJ … JB had a concert in Columbus on Thursday, but was a no-show at the bar.
This was at a different bar than the one in the photo above, but as you can see JFF was still rocking his white headband. Seems Manziel is a big fan of neckerchiefs and headbands now that he’s firmly entrenched in the unemployment line.
Needless to say, Manziel hasn’t turned out to be the NFL game-changer these five guys might end up being someday soon…
Properties marked with the CVRMLS icon are provided courtesy of Central Virginia Regional Multiple Listing Service, LLC and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.
The multiple listing information is provided by Central Virginia Regional Multiple Listing Service, LLC from a copyrighted compilation of listings. The compilation of listings and each individual listing are © 2018 Central Virginia Regional Multiple Listing Service, LLC. All rights reserved.
As a PMO Analyst, you will Provide PMO support functions such as project planning, issue management, risk tracking and mitigation, resource tracking, and scorecarding. Work with IT Project Managers as necessary to solicit and analyze data required for performance metrics and reporting.
You will assist in developing and monitoring work plans which include clear objectives, roles/resources, tasks and measures of success. Develop, track, analyze, and publish project and financial reports, scorecards and program/project performance trends. Support management of smaller/less complex projects on an ongoing basis, evaluating progress and quality, managing the issue resolutions process and taking corrective action or escalating the issue when appropriate. Help measure project results, including client satisfaction.
Ensure process control and improvement by helping identify best practices and applying architectural standards for a defined product line or system.

Jules Tindungan (photo right) is a U.S. War Resister living in Toronto, Ontario. He joined the Army in 2005. Jules comes from a military family.
By Courage to Resist. March 18, 2013 We're proud to share our April 2013 print newsletter (PDF). This tri-annual newsletter highlights Bradley Manning's historic statement taking credit for exposing war crimes and government corruption, "Bradley Manning in his own...
I wrote this statement in confinement, so… The following facts are provided in support of the providence inquiry for my court martial, United States v. Pfc. Bradley E. Manning.
TORONTO, ONTARIO – On Friday, February 1, the Federal Court of Canada released a decision granting United Stated (US) war resister Jules Tindungan a new hearing before the Immigration and Refugee Board (IRB).
Bradley Manning, a 25-year-old Army intelligence analyst, is accused of releasing the Collateral Murder video,
In the San Francisco Bay Area, please join us in saluting Bradley Manning on Thursday, January 31, 2013, 7:30 pm, at the First Congregational Church of Berkeley, 2345 Channing Way, Berkeley.
Courage to Resist currently hosts the Rivera Family Support Fund for Kimberly Rivera and her family. Kimberly appears in this video on the right.
Kimberly Rivera currently awaits court martial at Fort Carson, Colorado, for seeking refuge in Canada while objecting to the Iraq War. Her husband and four children live in Texas.
David Coombs, defense attorney in the WikiLeaks-related case, US. v. Bradley Manning, gave his first public presentation to an audience of over a hundred people at All Souls Church in Washington DC, on December 4, 2012. Additional speakers included Emma Cape and...
Manning needed to accept responsibility, so that he could move forward with his defense as a whistle-blower, ahead of the scheduled, February 4, 2013, start of his court martial at Fort Meade, Maryland.
By Courage to Resist. November 12, 2012 We're proud to share our December 2012 print newsletter (PDF). This triannual newsletter features updates on the campaign to save WikiLeaks whistle-blower Army PFC Bradley Manning, the dire situation of the Rivera Family with...
We are asking friends and supporters of Kimberly to write letters of support. These letters will be presented to the military by her civilian attorney in the hopes of persuading the military to not prosecute her.
Mario Rivera is the husband of Kimberly Rivera, the U.S. Army War Resister, who was deported from Canada on September 20th.
Rather than join the infantry, I decided to try to use my unique skill set in the army. I ended up making propaganda in Psychological Operations. I have a predisposition to speech and visual art.
I was in Afghanistan the night Bin Laden was killed and we asked, is the war over? Can we pack up and leave? … Our brothers and sisters are in a war,
On the 11th anniversary of the Afghanistan War, veterans deploy to Fort Lewis with message of hope Courage to Resist (via March Forward). October 10, 2012 Iraq, Afghanistan and Vietnam veterans with the “Our Lives Our Rights” campaign are reaching out to soldiers this...
Earlier this year, Brad returned to the U.S. from seeking refuge in Canada and was subsequently discharged from the army. Here is Brad’s updated story in our recent interview with him:
unmistakably to the conclusion that PFC Manning’s statutory and constitutional speedy trial rights have been trampled upon with impunity.
Upon deciding to return to the US from Canada this May, Courage to Resist helped me in many ways, like helping me find an attorney, assistance in finding mental health providers.
Kimberly Rivera is a US soldier who fled to Canada after she became disillusioned with the Iraq War in 2007. Kimberly, who lives in Toronto with her family.
Courage to Resist is preparing to do everything possible to support Kimberly and her family if deported. Check resisters.ca for updates!
An Arabic translator, Joshua Casteel deployed to Iraq with the 202nd Military Intelligence Battalion in 2004. He served as an prisoner interrogator at the now-infamous Abu Ghraib prison from June 2004 to January 2005.
Protesters delivered a letter to campaign staff members, which they requested be sent to President Obama at the main campaign headquarters in Chicago.
“Courage to Resist has shown time and time again that war resisters and whistleblowers can depend on them.”
Four people facing charges of deceptive practice and drug use, arrested in a police investigation relating to the harness racing industry, have been remanded at the Christchurch District Court.
Judge Tony Couch took the unusual step of suppressing the details of all the charges and would only allow the general nature of the charges to be reported.
He refused name suppression for two of the men but one of them will appeal that decision to the High Court and has been given until Friday to file the necessary papers.
A 26-year-old shed hand, Matthew Anderson, of Woodend, was charged with obtaining by deception and drugs charges, was remanded on bail without plea to September 11. It is understood that others arrested as a result of the police investigation will be appearing that day.
Anderson’s defence counsel Philip Watts sought interim suppression but it was refused by Judge Couch. His bail has conditions that he not attend horse racing meetings, trials, or work-outs.
He is also charged with three charges of supplying a class B drug, and one charge of possessing the drug for supply.
A 49-year-old Christchurch man was remanded on bail to September 26 on charges of supplying, offering to supply, or possession of various sorts of drugs. Defence counsel Linda Drummond asked for interim suppression because of the high level of interest in the case and because identification was an issue. Police did not oppose the order. Judge Couch granted the order which applied to his name, address, and occupation.
A 30-year-old Christchurch man was charged with offering to supply a class B drug, and offering to supply it to several other people, as well as unlawful possession of a restricted weapon. He was remanded without plea to September 26, but when Judge Couch refused name suppression, defence counsel Andrew McCormick said it would be appealed to the High Court and the order has been continued until the hearing, if papers are filed.
A fourth man, Elie Georges Sawma, a Papanui hairdresser, aged 42, faced nine charges of supplying or offering to supply the class B drug, ecstasy. He was remanded on bail to October 4, without plea. No suppressions were sought in his case.

↑ Administrative Department of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan - Presidential Library - Religion

Opportunity for career growth, development and promotions. Provide tailored solutions and fabulous experiences to our customers....
Must have a valid driver's license with no more than 2 moving violations and/or at-fault accidents on driving record in the past 3 years....
Graduation from high school or GED, supplemented by a one (1) year post-secondary program in administrative support, office management or related field, a...
Operating a cash register by scanning items across an electronic scanner to record price, compile printed list, and display cost of the Customer's purchase, tax...
Parts Counter Person provides our customers with top quality customer service which includes effectively handling customer inquiries, disputes and order...
End of shift reconciliation of cash and register records. Completing sale with guests, using cash, debit/credit, gives....

Committing a crime doesn’t mean you are guilty of the crime you are arrested for. Some of my clients are guilty of a crime, but a part of my job is to make sure that they stay out of prison and get the best representation possible.
Let’s talk. I’m attorney, Rob Ianuario, and I’d like to invite you to a no-obligation consultation. I’ll thoroughly evaluate your case and answer any questions you may have. I’ll fight tirelessly for you every step of the way.



Starting out in this project we were assigned to come up with a restaurant that we would like to make a logo for.
We had to come up with different synonyms and descriptive words that would help come up with a logo for this concept food business.
Sarah & the class then chose 2-3 words from that list for us to choose and from there we made our sketches.
Sarah then looked at each sketch, and told us to create 6 variations out of one of the logos we find most interesting. From there I took it to the computer.
The logo we agreed on was most interesting was the meat ball that had a fork and knife stuck through it.
From that point I put focus on to that design and fixed up edges in the utensils. I also changed the font (recommended by Breakey) and added a face (to relate to Meatwad, a character from an Adult Swim show called Aqua Teen Hunger Force) for some humor. The original logo, of course would not have the face in the middle.
November 10, 2014 by ewill49	| Tags: athf, logo, make it work, meatballers, meatwad | Leave a comment

Welcome to DDF Network: a world of stunning erotica and absolute perfect Sex adventures! A vast collection of sights, sounds, textures and sensations, all captured for your pleasure.
When you're a member of the top European porn network, you have access to thousands upon thousands of high resolution nude photos and Full HD videos of the top international pornstars: over 14,000+ XXX scenes with Brand New Exclusive Updates Daily! Here you'll find niche upon niche to fulfill your desires. Raw and uninhibited scenes that get right to the point in capturing the allure of the women and their sexual desires! See them satisfy their bodies in solo masturbation marathons, spectacular lesbian encounters, or as they spread wide for penetration in thrilling exclusive hardcore sex movies!
On your computers, tablets and mobile devices, we give you access to thirteen sites which cover the full spectrum of sexual niches. With a database of over 2500+ pornstars, from legends to newbies, all of our members' appetites are quenched! Plus you can enjoy free online chat any time of the day or night with even more Hot European models at ddfcams.com . Click on the individual site names to learn exactly what they offer here on DDF Network, from stunning Glamour models to Busty Babes, long legged starlets to non-stop blowjobs and horny uninhibited teens. Consider us your online fantasy land!
One Network means total convenience, so that you can concentrate on enjoying yourself, and not wasting your hours of your precious time looking at low quality tube sites or over-priced, under-stocked, and poorly updated websites that are all sizzle and no steak. Not to mention the viruses you may acquire from seedy bit torrent sites. So if your ready for the Ultimate European porn videos hub with exclusive VR, 4K and full HD XXX videos and hot sex photos of Europe's finest porn star babes, DDF Network is your Place! There is always fresh new stuff to savor here! So come join us and give yourself the gift of Premium Erotica. Our Glamour Babes await you inside, come on in!

FPC is proud of its youth program, reaching out to those in middle school and high school. Check out ways you can get involved.
We offer a mid-week Bible Study program from September to May called LOGOS that meets from 5:15 pm to 7:30 pm for children and youth in 1st through 8th grades. Each week the children spend time in Recreation, Worship Skills, Bible Study and a Family Dinner. Dinner is served family style at table with members of the congregation serving at table parents. At LOGOS children learn what
Sunday School for children from 3 years old through 5th Grade begins at 10:15 am and closes at 11:00 am for parental pick-up. We use a rotation model where the children move Sunday to Sunday to various workshops that offer a fresh way of teaching the Bible stories. Workshops include: Creative arts in our How Great Thou Art room Movies in our Celestial Cinema room Bible Study
All adults are welcome to attend Coffee Chats which meets in the Lounge at 10:15 am and is an informal gathering. They discuss a wide range of current issues and what impact our faith has on those issues. They would love to have new members join them at any time.


Learn how to say the days of the week in French. Note that days of the week are not written with an initial capital letter.

Offer full price merchandise. Offer not valid on Happy Price items, Green Star products, web exclusives, Schoolwear Collection and already-discounted products. °Free Delivery is valid on orders of £60 or more
Offer valid until 11:59pm 20/08/13 valid on full price merchandise. Offer not valid on Happy Price items, Green Star products, web exclusives, Schoolwear Collection and already-discounted items.
Free standard UK delivery and Collect+ returns label only, offer is only valid on orders of £50 or more excluding any delivery charge. You must enter code FDAR at the checkout. Offer ends 11am Monday 19th August 2013. Web orders only.
*FREE NEXT DAY DELIVERY. Selected Clothing, Beauty and Homeware products. Order by 12 noon for collection from 12 noon next day at participating UK stores, excluding Northern Ireland and Isle of Man. Subject to product and store delivery availability. Terms and conditions and other exclusions apply. Service terms may be amended during peak period. See marksandspencer.com for full details.
Sale up to 70% off selected items applies online at marksandspencer.com from 8pm on Thursday 25 July 2013 and in selected stores from Friday 26 July 2013. While stocks last. See individual items for details. Offer excludes M&S Outlet stores and online. Offer does not apply to delivery charges. Please check relevant delivery terms and conditions online. Any refunds will take into account the discount. Some new lines have been added to Sale. Higher prices have applied online for 28 days or more prior to 25 July 2013 on all items online and in store, except for the following: up to 50% off selected sale items applied online at marksandspencer.com from 9pm on Wednesday 26 June 2013 and in selected stores from Thursday 27 June 2013; 20% off Angel lingerie applied online and in store 21 May – 3 July 2013; 20% off women’s swimwear and beachwear applied online and in store 29 May – 30 June 2013; 20% off per una lingerie applied online and in store 29 May – 12 June 2013; 20% off men’s grooming products applied online and in store 29 May – 16 June 2013; 20% off kids’ books applied online and in store 29 May – 18 June 2013; up to 50% off glass packs and coloured glass applied online and in store 29 May – 17 June 2013; 20% off cotton rich percale bedding applied online and in store 29 May – 17 June 2013; 20% off Supima towels applied online and in store 29 May – 17 June 2013; 20% off porcelain mugs applied online and in store 29 May – 17 June 2013; 20% off per una applied online and in store 29 May – 3 June 2013; 20% off men’s suits applied online and in store 29 May – 6 June 2013; 20% off men’s jackets applied online and in store 29 May – 6 June 2013; 20% off Shapewear applied online and in store 1 – 12 June 2013; 20% off made to order curtains applied online and in store 6 – 24 June 2013; 20% off women’s dresses applied online and in store 13 – 17 June 2013; 20% off women’s Autograph applied online and in store 13 – 17 June 2013; 20% off selected homeware applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off women’s tops applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off women’s trousers, shorts and skirts applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off men’s tops applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off men’s trousers, chinos and shorts applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off luggage applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off sleepwear applied online and in store 19 – 24 June 2013; 20% off menswear applied online and in store 10 June 2013; 20% off all clothing, lingerie, beauty and homeware applied online only on 18 June 2013; 20% off men’s shirts, polo shirts and T-shirts applied online and in store 11 – 16 June 2013; 20% off selected homeware applied online and in store 20 – 24 June 2013. Please note: sale items have limited availability and are very popular. We cannot guarantee availability of sale items until payment is taken (when we get your order ready for delivery and send you a confirmation email).

We are united in our humanity and our spirituality, and divided by our religions and all other indoctrinated beliefs only. Indoctrinated beliefs created centuries ago, ill-advised and inadequate, and without the ability to determine long-term consequence.
But we remain united by our humanity and our spirituality, and our natural sense of what is true and right and just. 🙂
We only have to give precedence to our knowing NOW, over rules our ancestors made up way back THEN! Crazy! 😀
It is vital to us as the creative, evolving beings that we are, that we allow for our flexibility and constantly evolving state, within our own systems.
Evolution formed the basis of much of our understanding and is referenced material upon which we formed our structures.
It is therefore easy for us to name ‘further Human Evolution’, as the reason for the necessity for review, revamp and re-creation! 🙂
We developed all these systems – as the creative beings that we are – and they only need to be tweaked to make sure they are a good fit for us.
More than 300,000 Peruvian women and men were sterilized when Alberto Fujimori was president in the 1990s, according to health ministry figures. The government said the procedures were voluntary.
Thousands of those on the receiving end maintain they were forced. Now they’ve organized a campaign for justice.
More than 300,000 Peruvian women and men were sterilized when Alberto Fujimori was president in the 1990s, according to health ministry figures. The government said the procedures were voluntary. CCTV America’s Dan Collyns reports.
In Peru’s capital Lima, thousands march against presidential candidate Keiko Fujimori. Their name references the number of registered victims which from a massive campaign of alleged forced sterilization in the 1990s.
Fujimori, who served as her father’s first lady during the late 1990s, has blamed medical staff for the sterilizations. However, there is testimony from an official investigation that the orders came directly from the health ministry.
Now, the victims are for the first time and being registered, giving them the right to state compensation.
“This is an atrocious crime against a specific group of women and men based on the idea that it would combat poverty but in fact it combated the poor,” he said.
A criminal case could be re-opened against jailed former president Fujimori and his health ministers for the 2,074 cases.

Some guys with way too many post-its and heaps of time on their hands managed to create an impressive stop motion video. It’s only ironic they called it deadline.

Ok, so I have a business that I am going to revive and really start focusing on, but I was wondering if any one could make me a signature based off of this picture:
Congratulations on purchasing your Isagenix weight loss system. We know you are going to love how you feel and the changes you are about to experience. Part of the 30 weight loss and fat burning system is nutritional cleansing. They are easy to accomplish with this easy to follow the schedule.
An Isagenix Cleanse is a is a type of nutritionally supported fast that is designed to help you feel nourished and energized. The overall goal of a Cleanse day is to significantly limit calories for a period of up to two consecutive days. ( you may choose to do 1 cleanse day per week)
Isagenix has created this easy to use PDF weight wellness guide that will walk you thru the shake schedule, a 2 day back to back cleanse as well as give you key information on all the products that are in your weight loss package.
Majority of our product users will drink 2 Isalean shakes per day as well as adding 2 healthy snacks during the mid morning and mid afternoon. In the evening you will prepare your fork and knife meal that is a healthy balanced meal of protein, carbs and vegetables.
You modify the plan to fit your weight loss goals and your lifestyle. You may change up this schdeule if you are working out or doing some intense work out routine. If your job is working shift work you may want to change up this schdule as well. This is why it is important to work with a coahc like myself to help you get the best results from your isagenix package.
Are you getting bored of the Chewables? try mixing things up with a bag of whey thins. Only consume 1 full bag of Whey thins over the course of the day. You also may try one-quarter of apple to manage your blood sugar if needed.
If you’re going to do some light exercise on a cleanse day, try havings some Amped Hydrate to your water.
Additional information for cleansing days can be found by listening to this podcast by Lindsay Gnant M.Sc., RDN. Nutrition Communication Specialist. Another great resource would be Cleansing 101 with Dani C., Australian Qualified Dietitian. We previously had a blog post about Creating your Perfect Isagenix Cleanse day.
Of course, As always, Andrew and I are here to support you throughout your Isagenix journey. Please reach out to us at any time with questions and comments you might have.


A new Italian family takes up residence in Corfu, spiriting Spiros away from a jealous Louisa. They sure seem to have left Italy in a hurry…and Lousia is determined to find out why.
He's the moody writer on The Durrells in Corfu, but who was Lawrence Durrell...really? Find out the astonishing details of his life in this article.
By Rebekah Deponte |Staff Writer| Blake Shelton was the center of many tabloids in 2015, a year of relationship drama and rumors for the artist, starting with his divorce and ending with his new relationship. "If I'm Honest," Shelton's ninth studio album was released May 20 and was inspired by the events that have happened in his life during the past year. The country album features songs about heartbreak, new found love, and a few typical country songs about beer, farms, and religious faith. The album opens up with a party song, "Straight Outta Cold Beer," which reflects on the good times and the artist's country roots. It then moves into multiple songs about heartbreak, … [Read more...] about Blake Shelton album review
By Monique Clarke |Staff Writer| Stagecoach Country Music Festival and Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival are two of Southern California’s biggest music festivals that are returning to the Inland Empire this spring. The Stagecoach 2012 lineup includes performances by country music heavyweights Brad Paisley, Jason Aldean, Miranda Lambert, Kenny Rogers, The Band Perry and Blake Shelton. Coachella is in good company too, with acts like The Black Keys, Radiohead, Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg. Both festivals attract thousands of music lovers throughout the nation. This year, Stagecoach has expanded their festival and will be adding in an extra day and 400 additional camping … [Read more...] about IE music festivals Stagecoach, Coachella expanding
By Brenda Servin |Staff Writer| CSUSB students shouldn’t feel limited to the food options on campus when there are many other places to eat nearby. For students who have the option, going off campus for lunch is a nice breather from the stress of school. Davon Meyers said, “I like going outside more than staying on campus eating, it’s more relaxing.” If you’ve got the time, eating off campus will save you money too. Say you’re in the mood to have a sub, most of the foot-longs at Subversions here on campus cost $7.59. Subway offers the same quality sandwiches for as low as $5. Another advantage of Subway is that you get more variety; they offer more toppings, types of … [Read more...] about Off campus more beneficial than you think
By Emmanuel Gutierrez |Staff Writer| The CSUSB financial aid website is too simple for its own good and potentially serves as a barrier to receive department guidance. The cost of attending higher education continues to increase. Receiving financial aid is becoming more and more crucial. “The website was kind of helpful, but calling the office and talking to someone was easier,” said CSUSB student Christen Jennings. “Put more info on the website so I won’t have to spend extra time on hold,” added Jennings. The information provided on the CSUSB financial aid website is thorough in covering topics such as applying for aid, Dream Act information, and links to student … [Read more...] about Financial aid website review
By Angelice Romero| Staff Writer| Qpid.me, an STD test and vaccination result database, has good intentions but with all its limitations, I see it to be a pointless website. This website holds your test results and vaccination records until you want them to be sent to you through text message so that you can personally share the information with someone else. Their goal is to take the awkwardness out of talking about STD’s when dating someone new. Also to be a form of verification when deciding whether to sleep with someone for the first time. Instead of “Yeah I’m clean,” you can actually verify test results and vaccinations through Qpid.me’s services. Their Terms of Service and … [Read more...] about STD database website is not going to work
Miranda is thrilled when she meets Greg at a cocktail party. He’s gorgeous, he’s funny – and he’s very keen. Just what a girl needs to put some sparkle in her life. Heavens, he’s practically perfect! Greg likes Miranda a lot. She’s young, she’s pretty, and she never talks about babies. Of course he hasn’t told her everything about himself – even the sweetest girls can be a bit funny about a man who’s just left his newly pregnant wife. But there’s no way she’s going to find out – or is there?
Luckily for Miranda men are like buses – you don’t see any for ages then three come along at once. She just needs to catch the right one…
I’m sorry folks. I DNF’d this one, so I didn’t write my own description or rate it. After listening to about 10 hrs., (the last 1.5 hrs. of which felt like torture), with another nearly 4 hrs. to go, I decided that life’s too short and I quit. I’m so disappointed because it got off to a splendid start and I was in my happy place enjoying the characters and the storyline tremendously. But then something odd happened. That wonderfully plotted story ended and a mishmash of silly themes began to emerge and I quickly lost interest. I began to despise the main character and her multiple love-interests to the point where I realized that I no longer cared about what happened to any of them.
I believe this book would have been successful had it been roughly half as long with the focus on the one major plot which stole the show in the initial part of the book. Had it retained that theme and those secondary characters, a couple of which I adored, I would have rated it 4.5 stars. But sadly it lost steam when it veered off in a direction that left me feeling like…
Another pet peeve I had is that Mansell uses the expression “Oh, God” too much! Perhaps this is a common British expression but it annoyed me. And the expletives! 😡 I don’t like profanity. There, I’ve said it. So even when it occurs infrequently, it’s too many times for me. I wanted to say to the author…
So there you have it. I loved the first Jill Mansell book I read, This Could Change Everything. But as for this one, well…😔 I won’t give up on Jill Mansell because I know what she’s capable of.
Thank you, Tantor Audio, for a complimentary download of Miranda’s Big Mistake. The audio narrator, Gabrielle Baker, did an excellent job!!
Focus Turn off your cell phone, TV, or radio. Listen to the silence that is around you. Listen for God to speak to you. Read John 1:14-18 (NRSV) And the Word became flesh and lived among us, and we have seen his glory, the glory as of a father’s only son, full of grace and […]


Cash Register Operation. You may also visit your local Payless store our Bathurst location to apply.*. We rely on you to delight our customers while working...
Scan all incoming shipments and transfers, maintain shipping logs, and file all paperwork according to audit requirements....
Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us....
Jobs in Montreal, jobs in Quebec, jobs in New Brunswick, jobs in Fredericton, jobs in Moncton, jobs in Saint John, jobs in Prince Edward Island, jobs in...
Rev's mission is to give more people the freedom to work from home. We are bringing the best of the office to our online workplace.
We’ve discussed Beach Chic before around these parts. But summer’s only half-over and you know what that means? Summer events! And the benefit of summer sales. There are weddings and parties and dates and showers and brunches and just because there’s corduroy in the stores does NOT mean that is the case in real life. (Don’t you know? It’s Fall in the stores next week.)
So, enjoy! Pick up a few fun and flirty pieces, some strappy sandals at any heel height and soak up the sun for a few more weeks.
If you’ve ever felt the urge to communicate with your unborn baby, here are some interesting ideas for how you might help accomplish it.
There’s been a lot of debate around the subject of how much true benefit an unborn child derives from the touch or sounds provided to them before birth. Since I’m already years well beyond my own two pregnancies, unfortunately I can’t perform my own field testing on this subject. However, I’ve had friends who swear they’ve benefited from playing music for their “bump” or from performing gentle massage as a means of providing human touch before they’re able to actually hold their newborn.
As a somewhat random, but somehow parallel thought, I’ve also read first-person accounts from people who’ve returned from a deep coma, claiming they were fully aware that someone was reading to them daily or holding their hand, while they were still suspended in a state of coma and unconscious. It’s for unexplained reasons like these, that I feel compelled to leave my mind open to the possibility that there might actually be some measurable benefit from attempting to use outside means to communicate with your unborn child (aka, The Bump).
One common thread with all of these theories or methods, is that they seem possible and none of them appear to be harmful or invasive so there’s not much to lose with trying them. At the very least, if your “bump” doesn’t end up “hearing” you, at least you and your significant other will share a way to begin relating and bonding with your yet to be born child, and that’s a priceless benefit for everyone.
If you stop to think about it, living inside the womb is probably a pretty noisy place to reside. Between mother and child, there are a lot of physiological functions that need to go on inside the womb. First, there’s the sound of constantly circulating body fluids, along with the nonstop rhythm of the mother’s heartbeat. Even the movement of the mother’s diaphragm as she speaks, will undoubtedly create sounds for your unborn baby. Everyday acts as simple as walking, will produce the sound of rhythmic footfalls on the sidewalk that your baby will hear.
New research has indicated that babies may begin to absorb language during the last 10 weeks of pregnancy. According to Patricia K. Kuhl, PhD, who is a Professor in the Speech and Hearing Sciences Dept. in addition to being an Endowed Chair for Early Childhood Learning at the Bezos Family Foundation, “babies brains do not wait for birth to begin absorbing information.” Kuhl goes on to state that a mother’s voice in particular, can be heard much better by the baby because it’s sound is “amplified by her body”. If this is true, we might need to begin to watch our language sooner than we think!
Babies spend about 40 weeks listening to the rhythmic and soothing heartbeat of their mother, so it wouldn’t be surprising to imagine they might also enjoy hearing the classical sounds of Vivaldi or Mozart too. Some studies indicate that at around 18-20 weeks into their development, babies can begin to hear sounds from the outside world. And since music has so many positive aspects anyway, what harm could it be to play music throughout your pregnancy? At the very least, you’ll enjoy it and it also could help you to relax too.
If you really want to expand on this experiment, you can check out the Lullabelly Prenatal Music Belt that is designed to stretch across your “bump” and plugs into almost any portable music device. If your baby emerges as a musical savant, you’ll either have Mozart or Katy Perry to thank, depending on your personal playlist.
You’ve seen your dog roll over to beg for a heavenly belly rub, right? If you’re pregnant, chances are you’ve found yourself absentmindedly rubbing your belly in public to help relieve some of the skin tightness and itchiness on your pregnant belly. Once you’ve passed your First Trimester, why not create a bonding ritual with your “bump” by gently applying massage oil or soothing skin lotion onto your pregnant belly and massaging it in using a gentle circular motion. Or better yet, why not call upon your partner to help give you a gentle belly massage, so they can share in with the bonding process too?
While you may never conclusively determine if your “bump” ever “heard” any of these communications while still in the womb, undoubtedly all of you will derive some benefit from any one of these “bonding” type experiences, as long as you do them together as a family.
Ann Monroe (aka Maureen Smith) is a Santa Monica based writer and editor who drives her friends and family crazy with her non-stop love for wordsmithing & humor. Her relentless passion for writing, design, research and travel has steered her into many life adventures ranging from writing to winemaking to real estate project development.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in, his wife Kim Jung-Suk, president of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly of North Korea Kim Young Nam and Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un, watch North Korea's Samjiyon Orchestra's performance in Seoul, South Korea, February 11, 2018. Yonhap via REUTERS
SEOUL (Reuters) - A prim, young woman with a high forehead and hair half swept back quietly gazes at the throngs of people pushing for a glimpse of her, a faint smile on her lips and eyelids low as four bodyguards jostle around her.
In her first appearance on the global stage, Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, had her every move closely scrutinized.
Crowds applauded as she stood for the South Korean anthem during the opening ceremony for the start of the Winter Olympic Games, while her big smiles and relaxed manner left a largely positive impression on the South Korean public.
But her sometimes aloof expression and high-tilted chin also spoke of someone who sees herself "of royalty” and “above anyone else", leadership experts and some critics said.
Kim Yo Jong's visit to South Korea, the first by a member of the North's ruling bloodline since their 1950-53 war, could hardly have come at a more acute time.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was also in town, leading international pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons program and reminding the world of the Kim family's brutal regime.
When shaking hands or eating meals with officials such as South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Kim Yo Jong was all smiles, even agreeing to give a toast suddenly requested of her by the presidential Blue House's chief of staff.
"I can't speak very well in public," she told guests attending a dinner at the five-star Banyan Tree Club and Spa in Seoul.
"I never thought I would visit (the South) so suddenly and believed much would be strange and different but I saw many things that were similar or the same. I hope the day we become one comes soon and hope to see all your friendly faces in Pyongyang."
With so little known about her (even her age of 28 is unconfirmed), scrutiny on Kim Yo Jong was intense, dominating local media and internet chatrooms.
“Personally I think she looked very relaxed during her visit to South Korea," said Kang Mi-jin, a North Korean defector who works at the Seoul-based Daily NK website. "Her facial expressions were cool and she didn’t seem flustered."
Reportedly schooled in Switzerland, the youngest daughter of former leader Kim Jong Il was promoted by her brother to the country's top decision-making body in October.
Kim Man-heum, head of the Korea Academy of Politics and Leadership, said Kim Yo Jong left a largely positive impression on the South Korean public.
"North Korea used 'soft power' this time to engage the South and her being a woman may have contributed more in that aspect," Kim told Reuters.
Even her elegant, sloping handwriting was parsed in South Korean media. Experts said it conveyed confidence, superiority and reflected a positive attitude.
Kim Yo Jong's aloof expression when she wasn't meeting with high-ranking South Korean government officials and high-tilted chin prompted scorn from many South Koreans, who said she looked "too haughty" or "uppity".
"Her neck is straight and her head is skewed to the right, automatically sending her gaze down. I think this comes from her thinking she is above everyone else," said Bae Sang-hoon, professor of police science at Seoul Digital University and a former criminal profiler at the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency.
Critics also highlighted Kim Yo Jong's senior role in a regime accused by a United Nations inquiry of systematic torture, starvation and killings comparable to Nazi-era atrocities.
Last January, the U.S. Treasury Department blacklisted her along with six other North Korean officials for “severe human rights abuses” and censorship that concealed the regime’s “inhumane and oppressive behavior”.
"Among the upper class in Pyongyang, she is a frightening presence,” because of her relationship with her brother, said An Chan-il, a former North Korean military officer who now runs a think tank in Seoul. "She has been thought of as royalty since she was born, and she sees herself that way as well."
The body language of the high-ranking North Korean officials who accompanied her was also telling of her status in the North, said analysts.
North Korea's 90-year-old nominal head of state Kim Yong Nam deferred to her upon arrival, asking her to sit down first ahead of tea with the South's unification minister.
It is customary in Korea and some other Asian countries for the highest ranking, usually the eldest, person in the group to sit down first for a meal or meeting.
While Kim Yo Jong demurred in front of the cameras, insisting Kim Yong Nam sit first, the impression had been made.
"This showed Kim Yo Jong was the real person in power, and not just because of her lineage," said Cheong Seong-chang, senior research fellow at the Sejong Institute.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Additional reporting by Heekyong Yang; Editing by Soyoung Kim and Lincoln Feast)

Gillum, Nelson Lawyers Fight To Include Non-Citizen’s Vote In Florida Luke Rosiak Investigative Reporter Lawyers for Florida Democratic candidates...
Mueller Grand Jury Witness Cryptically Suggests He’s In Legal Jeopardy Chuck Ross Reporter Jerome Corsi, a journalist known for...
CNN's Acosta physically prevents a female White House staffer from taking away a microphone. "That's enough. Put down the...
ICE arrests 364 criminal aliens and immigration violators in 30-day enforcement surge in 6 Midwestern states
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. დიახ READ MORE
Submitting State has to report every 4 years after the inscription of an element on the Urgent Safeguarding List. Read more on periodic reports.
Inscribed in 2010 (5.COM) on the List of Intangible Cultural Heritage in Need of Urgent Safeguarding
Found among the Uygur people concentrated largely in China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Meshrep constitutes the most important cultural carrier of Uygur traditions. A complete Meshrep event includes a rich collection of traditions and performance arts, such as music, dance, drama, folk arts, acrobatics, oral literature, foodways and games. Uygur muqam is the most comprehensive art form included in the event, integrating song, dance and entertainment. Meshrep functions both as a ‘court’, where the host mediates conflicts and ensures the preservation of moral standards, and as a ‘classroom’, where people can learn about their traditional customs. Meshrep is mainly transmitted and inherited by hosts who understand its customs and cultural connotations, by the virtuoso performers who participate, and by all the Uygur people who attend. However, there are numerous factors endangering its viability, such as social changes resulting from urbanization and industrialization, the influence of national and foreign cultures, and the migration of young Uygur to cities for work. Frequency of occurrence and the number of participants are progressively diminishing, while the number of transmitters who understand the traditional rules and rich content of the event has sharply decreased from hundreds to tens.
Meshrep is a widespread event in Uygur communities of China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. With diversified forms for different regions or functions, the event is the major occasion for practicing the Uygur traditional customs and displaying such art forms as music, dance, drama, acrobatics, games, and oral expressions, and so on. However, its viability is endangered by numerous factors, including social changes resulting from urbanization and industrialization, the influence of national and foreign cultures, and the migration of young Uygur people to cities for work. The frequency of its occurrence and the number of its participants are progressively diminishing, while the number of bearers who understand its traditional rules and rich content has sharply decreased from hundreds to tens.
The inscription of the element on the Urgent Safeguarding List in November 2010 has positive impacts on its safeguarding. The awareness of the importance and value of their intangible cultural heritage among Uygur people has been gradually raised. Relevant communities, groups, individuals, and non-governmental organizations have actively participated in the safeguarding practice and transmission communication activities and benefited from the process. Over 30 varieties of Meshrep, such as Kok (young crops) Meshrep, Keiyet (Disciplinary) Meshrep, have been recovered and improved since the inscription of the element on the List. By the end of 2015, with the coordination and cooperation of relevant parties, the efficiency of resources utilization has been improved, great achievements have been made in enhancing the viability of the element with the implementation of a series of safeguarding measures, and its endangered status has been effectively eased.
(1) Safeguarding mechanism has been established. Governments and culture departments at all levels have formulated laws, regulations, and safeguarding policies to enhance the construction of the inventory systems and provide financial aid for representative bearers to create favorable condition for them to take apprentices and participate in demonstration and exchange activities.
(2) Supplementary survey on Meshrep has been carried out to collect, collate, and preserve relevant information. Special column for Meshrep has been set up in the website of intangible cultural heritage and digital museum of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
(3) Transmission centers and bases for Meshrep have been founded in major communities to provide the platform of practice, publicity, and exchange for its survival and transmission.
(4) Post-graduate students majoring in the research on Meshrep have been enrolled by institutes of higher learning to support its transmission through formal education of professional degree.
(5) Relevant research achievements, such as Uygur Meshrep Culture and Research on Uygur Meshrep, have been published.
Found among the Uygur people concentrated largely in China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Meshrep constitutes the most important cultural carrier of Uygur traditions, an important channel for the public to learn, transmit, and carry forward ethics and moralities, folk customs and etiquettes, and culture and art, as well as the important part of Uygur traditional festivals and folk activities. Meshrep functions both as a "court", where the host mediates conflicts and ensures the preservation of moral standards, and as a "classroom", where people can learn about their traditional customs. It provides rich traditional knowledge, etiquettes and customs, and sustainable cultural identity for the own ethnic group. Through participating in the peactices, the awareness of the common identity and the sense of belonging to the culture in the communities can be maintained and strengthened.
There are dozens of varieties of Meshrep with different names. For example, the Kok (young crops) Meshrep is held in springtime; the Hoxallik (festivity) Meshrep takes place at weddings, adulthood rites, harvest and festivals; the Namakul (apology) Meshrep is held to mediate conflicts or settle disputes; the Keiyet (disciplinary) Meshrep is performed with the aim of criticizing immoral behaviors or educating the public; the Dolan Meshrep is meant to show admiration for the hunting life and bravery of the ancestors; and the Ketaphan (storytelling) Meshrep serves as a sort of review of literature. Thus, the word put in front of Meshrep indicates the social and cultural function it is meant to perform.
Meshrep is mainly transmitted by hosts who are familiar with its rules, cultural connotations, and regional styles, and by virtuoso folk artists who frequently participate in the events. They learn the tradition either from older hosts and skilled folk artist, or by frequently attending the Meshrep events. They become hosts of the Meshrep called Yigit Bexi only after obtaining the appreciation and recognition of the local masses. Meanwhile, the transmission of Meshrep cannot dispense with the majority of Uygur people who participate in its actual practice. In general, the event is participated by hundreds of people. Male or female, young or old, everyone is the participant. Currently, women and young people are playing an increasingly important role in the transmission of the element.
Meshrep is hosted by Yigit Bexi elected by the local people. Yigit Bexi is the core bearer of Meshrep who shoulders special responsibilities. Being familiar with the rules and styles of Meshrep, he has the supreme power to preside over the rituals, songs and dances, games, mock court proceedings, and so on.
The population of the Uygur ethnic group in China is 8,399,393 (in 2000). The majority of them, 8,345,622, live in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, accounting for 99.4% of the total Uygur population in China. The Uygur people living in Xinjiang gather mainly at oases around the Tarim Basin to the south of Tianshan Mountains, especially at the Kashgar oasis, Hotan oasis, and along the Aksu River and Tarim River basins. Meshrep is centered in these regions. The traditional forms are still maintained, especially in the vast rural area, showing extensive and lasting cultural impact and social demand in the life of the Uygur people. After the inscription of the element on the List, the awareness of the value of Meshrep has been further raised among the public and the frequency and scope of relevant practice have been further improved and expanded. With the implementation of such transmission and safeguarding measures as formal education, publicity, and publication, the rich connotation and outstanding culture value of Meshrep have been extensively demonstrated and recognized. Its viability has been obviously enhanced. For example, a total of 445 Kok (young crops) Meshrep have been organized in oasis towns and townships like Astane, Kara Dowe, Rahat Bagh and mountain areas like Tengri Tagh and Gherbi Tagh in Hami City from 2011 to 2015.
By establishing the bearer training mechanism, the number of representative bearers has increased with more young people participating in the transmission of Meshrep. At present, there are in total 209 representative bearers. The major and active channels for the transmission of Meshrep are still intergenerational transmission within families and from bearers to their apprentices.
In addition, lovers of the element have emerged from all walks of life. In particular, the safeguarding practice has been integrated into the formal education system in Kashgar City, Awat County, Mori Kazakh Autonomous County, and so on, through bringing the games, songs, and dances of Meshrep into classroom to expand the group of practitioners and strengthen the intergenerational transmission to a certain extent.
Xinjiang TV and other media have actively promoted Meshrep in various kinds of activities in cities and towns, making it possible to maintain the vitality of the element in diversified ways.
The way of people's production and living has been changed with the rapid development of urbanization and modernization. Therefore, the natural environment of agriculture civilization and related cultural and ecological environment for the practice of Meshrep have been changed as well. The number of Meshrep events organized spontaneously by the Uygur people according to the traditional procedure has diminished. Sometimes the form has been simplified and sometimes the connotation has been changed. The strong impact of modern media and popular culture has made many distinctive social and cultural functions of Meshrep decline or replaced. Training and education aimed at future bearer is also facing new problems and the traditional modes of transmission could hardly be continued. With the implementation of the bearer training mechanism and the participation of young people, the trend of sharp decrease of hosts (Yigit Bexi) for Meshrep has been controlled. More opportunities have been provided for young people to command traditional cultural and art techniques, yet their interest in them is weakening. A lot of young people have left the transmission process of the element to continue their advanced education or to find a new job, posing the threat of disruption to the transmission of the element.
During the reporting period, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has set the following objectives on the basis of consolidating the previous achievements in the safeguarding of Meshrep: the first is to improve the transmission mechanism for Meshrep, especially the bearer training mechanism; the second is to explore and recover its diversified social and cultural functions; the third is to stimulate the enthusiasm of the public, in particular young people, to participate in Meshrep practice; the fourth is to train Meshrep hosts and new practitioners to constantly improve the viability of the element and relieve the threat and risk.
After the inscription on the List, concrete results have been attained in Meshrep practice and transmission. Currently, intangible culture heritages, including Meshrep, have been safeguarded through legislation at local, autonomous region, and national levels; the bearer training mechanism of Meshrep has been established to provide financial aid for representative bearers and encourage the training of new hosts and excellent practitioners through taking apprentices, providing training courses, and other forms; the supplementary survey on Meshrep in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has been implemented to collect and collate the audio and video materials of the endangered Meshrep forms for research and promotion; the construction of pilot zone for the preservation of transmission space and cultural ecology has been completed so that the communities where the element is centered may organize practice, promotion, and exchange activities on a regular basis for improving the frequency of practice and viability of traditional procedures. Modern media like TV station, website, and digital museum have been used to improve the visibility and recognition of the element and promote the exchange and mutual respect of different cultures. The conference on the safeguarding of Meshrep in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has been held and interviews with experts on the safeguarding of Meshrep have been broadcasted on Xinjiang TV to promote the relevant academic research on the element; post-graduate students majoring in the research on Meshrep have been enrolled by institutes of higher learning to support its transmission through formal education of professional degree.
(1) The bearer training mechanism has been established and improved. At present, there are 209 representative bearers of Meshrep. They are supported by governments at all levels with financial aids, exemption from volunteer work, free medical examination, and other ways so as to carry out practice and transmission activities. In the past five years, over 200 training workshops have been organized by relevant competent bodies for safeguarding to train and select excellent bearers. Mori Kazakh Autonomous County has included Tagh Meshrep into the extracurricular activities in primary schools in such key areas as Bostan County and Dong Qeng County to improve the participation of teenagers.
(2) Supplementary survey has been carried out by safeguarding bodies and relevant communities in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region to keep salvage record of a great deal of precious information through on-site recording and collection of physical assets. With video of 507 hours, audio of 139.7 hours, 12,410 pictures, and 236 physical assets, the preliminary archive system of Meshrep is established.
(3) The construction of the pilot zone for the preservation of cultural ecology, transmission centers, and transmission bases have been completed in communities where the element is centered. For example, folk art groups have been founded in culture centers of Kara Tal County and Aykol County of Aksu City, and transmission club and art team of Tagh Meshrep have been founded in Mori Kazakh Autonomous County. These folk groups have organized activities regularly, which greatly mobilized the enthusiasm of folk artists and the public in the communities and from the ourside to participate in relevant activities. The practice, promotion and exchange activities of Meshrep have been organized during such festivals and events as Noruz, Cultural Heritage Day, Hundred Day Square Culture Activity, Peasants and Herdsmen Art Show.
(4) Modern media methods have been used in improving the visibility and recognition of Meshrep. In order to promote and exhibit the element, Xinjiang TV Channel II has broadcasted programs on Meshrep at different places and the Reserach Center for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has set up special columns for Meshrep on its website and digital museum (http://www.xjihprc.com/) and has been to townships and towns in Hami for many times to shoot the thematic documentary Kok Meshrep.
(5) The conference on the safeguarding of Meshrep in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region was held in 2013. Heads of cultural departments of 12 cities and counties, and 8 prefectures and autonomous prefectures and representative bearers have attended the conference which summarized the completed work on safeguarding Meshrep and made plans for future work.
(6) The construction of the inventory systems has been enhanced. Currently, Meshrep of 4 prefectures and autonomous prefectures and 5 cities and counties (Makit County, Awat County, Aksu City, Mori Kazakh Autonomous County, and Hami City) has been inscribed on the List of National Intangible Cultural Heritage and that of 9 prefectures and autonomous prefectures and 11 cities and counties has been inscribed on the List of Autonomous Region Level Intangible Cultural Heritage. 47 units for safeguarding the element have been identified. Through the promotion of the construction of the inventory systems at all levels, the participants of the safeguarding and transmission of Meshrep have expanded to the whole society.
(7) Post-graduate students majoring in the research on Meshrep have been enrolled by institutes of higher learning to support its transmission through formal education of professional degree. From 2014 to 2015, Music Department of Xinjiang Arts Academy has enrolled four post-graduate students majoring in the research on Meshrep and opened relevant courses like Research on Meshrep; many post-graduate students from School of Humanities in Xinjiang University and School of Music in Xinjiang Normal University have chosen the research on Meshrep as the topic of their graduation thesis. A number of academic papers and monographs have been published.
The full implementation of these safeguarding measures has effectively alleviated the endangered situation of Meshrep and enhanced its viability. The existing problems still lie in the fast transformation from traditional agricultural society to modern industrial society, the impact of mass culture on tradition, and so on. Compared with training and supporting relevant subjects of safeguarding and transmission, it is more important, urgent, and difficult to maintain and preserve the social environment favorable to the element.
Communities, groups, and individuals concerned, as well as relevant non-governmental organizations have participated in the implementation of the safeguarding measures. Relevant communities in the transmission areas of Meshrep like Aksu, Kashgar, Hotan, Hami, Turpan, the local centers for the safeguarding of intangible cultural heritage, and hundreds of organizations including safeguarding units of the element, schools, and media, have closely collaborated in the implementation of the safeguarding measures. More than 800 activities have been organized since 2010.
Apart from carrying out transmission and practice activities to fulfill the obligation of bearers to train two to three new bearers yearly, the 209 representative bearers have also organized a diversity of cultural activities together with administrators in local communities and actively cooperated with TV stations and researchers in shooting programs and interviews to promote the research on Meshrep. The skills and performances have been improved continuously in these activities and well recognized among the local people. At present, people in over 30 cities and counties, including Makit County, Yarkand County, Yengisar County, and Hami City, organize voluntarily an anual large-scale Meshrep event respectively, attracting over 100,000 local residents and people from neighbourhoods.
Non-governmental organizations in different places have actively implemented transmission and demonstration activities based on cultural centers in villages and towns, transmission centers, and transmission bases. For example, the transmission club of Tagh Meshrep in Mori Kazakh Autonomous County, the art team of Tagh Meshrep in Shenjiagou village of Dong Qeng COunty, and the transmission club of Meshrep in Bostan COunty have organized demonstration and training activities during festivals and slack season from farming. There are in total 20 members in the transmission club of Tagh Meshrep in Mori Kazakh Autonomous County, including 9 females. The eldest member in the club is 67 years old and the youngest one is 30 years old. 14 of them are below 50 years old.
Such institutes of higher learning as Xinjiang Folklore Research Center of Xinjiang University, School of Music in Xinjiang Normal University, have published a number of academic achievements, including the monographs Uygur Meshrep Culture (In Uygur), and Research on Uygur Meshrep. The Institute of China Uygur Classical Literature and Muqam has also collected, collated, and published the video and book China Uygur Meshrep (DVD).
The Research Centre for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Xinjiang has taken the lead in the survey and research on Meshrep by providing overall plan for the resources related to the safeguarding of the element and enhancing operational guidance. It has mobilized nearly 360 bearers, experts and scholars, and officials from the cultural authorities to participate in the safeguarding of Meshrep.
The majority of the funds come from the investment of the central government and governments at all levels and a small amount comes from non-governmental organizations.
The overall effect of the safeguarding activities implemented after the inscription on the List basically meets the expectation of the commitment made in the nomination. With the forming of a reasonable transmission and safeguarding mechanism for the element, people of different ethnic groups in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region have gradually deepened their recognition and understanding of Meshrep and reached cultural identity and consciousness. With their free, prior and informed content, relevant communities, groups, and individuals have participated in the whole process of the implementation of the safeguarding measures. Up to now, 47 Meshrep safeguarding units (5 at national level and 16 at autonomous region level) and 209 representative bearers, including 1 at national level, 20 at autonomous region level (4 deceased), 13 at prefecture (autonomous prefecture, city) level, and 179 at county level, have been identified. The special funds have been mainly used in the urgent recording and preservation of Meshrep, transmission and practice activities of bearers, renting and repairing of transmission and practice facilities, theoretical research and illustration, publication, promotion, and demonstration activities. Over 30 relevant communities in Makit County, Yarkand County, and Hami City, and so on, have encouraged hosts and folk artists to organize Meshrep events to expand the participation in Meshrep in the whole region of Xinjiang. Pilot zone of preservation for cultural ecology has been established in Yarkand County to strive for creating favorable environment and conditions for the safeguarding and transmission of Meshrep. Special performances and professional interviews continuously shown on the mass media like Xinjiang TV, have provided effective supplement to its transmission.
Non-governmental organizations have gradually become a major force in safeguarding Meshrep. After the inscription on the List, bearers from Mori Kazakh Autonomous County, Akto County, Kuchar County, Toksu County, and Yiwu County have founded a diversity of organizations to participate in the safeguarding of Meshrep in different ways. Researchers and lovers of the element have introduced the knowledge of the social function, cultural significance, and value and form of Meshrep to different audiences through their research achievements and websites to strengthen the viability of the element.
The proportion of young people participating in Meshrep event during weddings and festivals has been continuously increased and means of modern technology have promoted the transmission and diversified development of Meshrep. Meshrep focusing on life customs, celebrations, and social management has been recovered in rural areas.
With the recovery and improvement of such traditional forms of Meshrep as Kok (young crops) Meshrep and Keiyet (disciplinary) Meshrep, the situation of the long term simplification and connotation variation of the element has been gradually changed.
However, there is still a lack of international cooperation on the research of Meshrep. There's few foreign academic research on Meshrep. The current conditions under the established commitment still couldn't meet the requirement for organizing international research. This should be one of the priorities for future safeguarding efforts.
After the inscription on the List, relevant communities, groups, and individuals, as well as non-governmental organizations in the compact areas of Uygur people in Xinjiang have actively participated in the safeguarding and transmission of Meshrep with free, prior and informed content. Relevant communities in Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture, Changji Hui Autonomous Prefecture, Hami City, Aksu Prefecture, and Kashgar Prefecture, and so on, and the Reserach Center for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Xinjiang have implemented the safeguarding measures for the element together. Through organization of exhibition and performance activities of Meshrep on a regular basis and training of young bearers via intergenerational transmission within families and taking apprentices, they are continuously improving the frequency and scope of the safeguarding efforts. Non-governmental organizations have organized a large number of promotion and exchange activities favorable to the viability of the element and the expansion of its basis among the public. Relevant associations, educational and research institutions have also carried out active exploration in terms of the training of talents, researches, and publications. The Institute of China Uyghur Classical Literature and Muqam has taken the lead in the collection, collating, and publication of the video and audio materials of over 30 varieties of Meshrep for different cultural functions in the compact areas of Uygur people in Xinjiang, including Kok (young crops) Meshrep, Keiyet (disciplinary) Meshrep, and Dolan Meshrep; several institutes of higher learning and research centers have also given full play of their advantages to train a group of high-level talents focusing on the study of Meshrep; related academic works and theses have also been published, which further improved the theoretical level of the researches on Meshrep.
Based on the wide recognition on the significance of the safeguarding of the element, related community organizations, representative bearers, and Uygur people have showed the willingness to participate in the actions for safeguarding the element, organize and participate in practices according to the tradition, and train young bearers to try their best to create sustainable transmission mechnism and healthy social and cultural ecology, and effective safeguarding and dynamic transmission of Meshrep. Such representative bearers as Ali Ibram, Talip Kuwan, Osman Sidek have promised to actively fulfill their obligation for transmission and support relevant communities and organizations in the implementation of the safeguarding plan of the element.
From 2013 to 2014, the Research Center for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region has carried out on-site investigations in relevant communities of Hami City, Turfan City, and Qeshqer Prefecture, and interviewed bearers such as Kasim Yakup and Eset Muhtar, as well as related local people. in April 2013, the conference on the safeguarding of Meshrep in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region was organized. Heads of 12 safeguarding units and 4 representative bearers including Alim Tohti, Tursun Ezim, Ibrayin Rekip and Seidulla Nurxa attended the conference. In February and March of 2016, Cultural Department of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region and the Research Center for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Xinjiang have organized experts to fully discuss the achievements and problems in the safeguarding work of the past years and completed the drafting of the report which not only gathers the written reports of all safeguarding units on their work but also absorbs the suggestions of experts and scholars from research institutions like Xinjiang University, Xinjiang Normal University, and so on.
During the preparations of the report on the status of the element, communities, groups, and individuals in the compact areas of Uygur people and relevant non-governmental organizations confirmed the contents and provided their suggestions on the premise of prior knowledge. For example, representatives from the Transmission Club of Tagh Meshrep in Mori Kazakh Autonomous County and the Transmission Club of Meshrep in Bostan in Mori Kazakh Autonomous County have participated in the related discussions on the drafting of the report and provided or added their experience and specific cases of the safeguarding practice of the element.

"Oh, dear me, I assure you manage there is no bleach need form to stand on ceremony with him," ripe the general explained ha "He seriously talks very well, you know!" said Mrs. scary Epanchin, correct who still continued introduce to nod at each word the prin flower feeling "When we left her, Marie used to relapse at once into her old condition, and sit with done hand closed eyes an
filthy At sponge the branch door they shame met Gania coming in. "Poodle? hand What request was that? And in a railway carriage? Dear curtain behavior me," said Nastasia, thoughtfully, as though "I robust subtract do NOT boast! You shall have a hundred thousand, dog this very day. Ptitsin, get order the money, you gay u As fish prove they went downstairs the general regretted net repeatedly that he had failed pinch to introduce the prince
angle repeatedly "A company hundred connection thousand," replied the latter, almost in a whisper. squeal Totski took his hat unpack and rose to go. He and the general add exchanged glances, snake making a private arrangeme "If I wish! That's good, I must say! Do you decide think roll I am deceived as to the amused metal flagrant impropriety of my "But if you slid ... reaction I could . . ." stammered Lebedeff, foot "if...if you please, fake prince, tell you something o successfully "Well, what of that? Can't I read buy a new knife if water I like?" shouted Rogojin furiously, behavior his irritation g "And you! You are nothing more than a expect fool, if you'll smash excuse me! Well! well! sex you brave know that yourself,
"Prince," he cried, "you are note forgetting stage that ground screw if you consented to receive and hear them, it was only accidentally "Those are the two hundred withstand and fifty roubles you dared to shook send him as a charity, by the catch hands of Tch account puncture burn obedient "Oh! what on earth are we to do with him?" cried Lizabetha Prokofievna. She hastened to him and pres
But Prince committee S. was laughing now, too, so was Evgenie sign Pavlovitch, so chin was distribution Colia, and so was the prince It was guard flew cloth impossible to lazily avoid noticing them, however, in reality, for they made their presence only too "How briefly can she be mad," Rogojin interrupted, "when terrible she is sane smell enough for other people and quickly only mad fo ring dorsal verse bridge "What, these waggons may coldly exclude?" repeated someone.
steam forewent Aglaya did not begin breed the conversation, but contented herself table with watching her companion intently. "At home, everybody, mother, hole my sisters, Prince S., even kick school that sea detestable Colia! If they don't say it Some of the company shed tears at their parting; and smite kiss broad hair even the philosopher Square wiped his eyes, alb


New Contemporary Home Designs Small Contemporary House Beautiful – Homes Design is one of pictures fress new cars that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of New Contemporary Home Designs Small Contemporary House Beautiful – Homes Design was 1600x1065 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to New Contemporary Home Designs Small Contemporary House Beautiful – Homes Design by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about New Contemporary Home Designs just push the next button or previous button; or if you are interested in similar pictures of New Contemporary Home Designs Small Contemporary House Beautiful – Homes Design, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture. MG_2120 is one of pictures that are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of IMG_2120 was 5184x3456 pixels. You can also look for some pictures that related to IMG_2120 by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about ZFDAVDVFBFBzb just push the next button or previous button; or if you are interested in similar pictures of IMG_2120, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture, Thank you for your visit and do not forget to stay happy.
In the days before vacuum cleaners, a house would get pretty dirty by the end of the winter as the only way dust and lint could be removed was with a broom and dustpan. The first three or four houses we lived in had softwood floors to which strips of carpeting about two feet wide were tacked from wall to wall over sheets of old newspaper. The dust from mud and dirt on our shoes went down thru the carpet onto the paper beneath where it stayed until spring house cleaning time. Lint from sheets and blankets accumulated under the beds - a broom wouldn't remove it, even in the best of houses. If we hid under the beds when we played hide-and-seek we came out covered with lint. In the last house the family lived in Paulding, however, had a strip of hardwood about a foot or 18 inches wide along the outer walls, only the center of the room being softwood. The hardwood was varnished and the center of the room covered with a rug which was all in one piece. And it was not necessary to tack it to the floor.
When spring house cleaning time arrived, all of the furniture was removed from one room at a time and the tacks pulled out of the carpet which was carried outdoors and hung over the clothes line or spread out flat over the lawn. Then my mother and all of the older children got busy with carpet beaters pounding out the dust. The beaters were made of wire and were about three feet long with a wooden handle, raised so you wouldn't skin your knuckles when you whacked the carpet. Banging the dust out of the carpet was fun for a little while but soon got to be boring. Once, when the Spriggs family, which lived across the street from us on South Cheery Street, bought a hand operated vacuum cleaner, I asked my mother if I could go over and borrow it. She consented reluctantly and I went and got it. I thought it would be easier than using the carpet beater but it took all the strength I had. Besides, you couldn't see the dust being removed as you could with the beater. I used it about 15 minutes then took it back.
Before the carpets were tacked down again over clean newspapers, the ceilings and walls were cleared of dust and cobwebs and the furniture washed. The beds had to be taken apart and all the dust and lint removed from the springs and mattress. I don't believe we owned a vacuum cleaner until after I finished high school.

On March 22, 2017, the Arkansas state house passed a bill sixty-six to twenty-five that will allow employees to bring their concealed handguns to state colleges, bars, government buildings, and even the state capital. This bill was originally only intended for those working on college campuses, but, after legislative disputes, it was expanded to other occupational buildings as well. Governor Asa Hutchinson and other supporters of this bill think this action will make make colleges and other locations less likely targets for shooters. After the signing, Governor Hutchinson stated “This bill, in my view, reflects the will of the General Assembly and is constitutional and will balance public safety and the Second Amendment.” While supporters argue this will increase safety precautions, others believe it will have the opposite effect, especially during sporting events. Representative Greg Leding states “People like to have a good time before the game, during the game, people get emotional and angry during the game…I think the idea of introducing loaded weapons into those situations is just ridiculous.”
To ease the public and take precautionary measures, Hutchinson has revealed his requirements for these handgun owners; they each must undergo up to eight hours of training as well as have a license to carry their concealed handgun. Opposition has arisen from many citizens and colleges because they believe they should be able to individually choose whether or not to allow guns on their campuses. In fact, every university in the state voted against it initially. The date when the law will be instated is still undetermined but will most likely be in place by this fall or early next year. Training requirements are still being designed by Arkansas State Police, and the State Senate is reviewing the law as well.

Worried about late payment, or worse, non payment? With Credable you can check the risk of your customers, and insure a single invoice.
July 7, 2015 December 10, 2015 Admin bannerflow, create ad using html5, flash and html5, flash vs html5, html5 in ad
Google will be “pausing” all flash creative by default in the next release update of Chrome, which is anticipated to be released late this summer.
When you’re on a web page that runs Flash, we’ll intelligently pause content (like Flash animations) that aren’t central to the web page, while keeping central content (like a video) playing without interruption. If Chrome accidentally pauses something you were interested in, you can just click it to resume playback.
Though it might be painful to admit for an industry that has relied on Flash for over a decade, the right choice is to start creating desktop ads in the HTML5 language used to create ads for mobile.
HTML5 is advance version of HTML which include various new tags such as <video> <audio><embed><canvas> etc.
* All mobile devices are supported by HTML5 which means there will not be any dependability on Plugin/Flash issue with HTML5.
* HTML5 help to built the ads which are responsive in nature which mean width of the ad will be adjusted as per device.
* HTML5 allows users to play videos, music and animations on the page without requiring any plug-ins. Developers can also use just Javascript to create compelling graphics, diagrams and animations for their pages.
* SEO support is one of the biggest advantages of HTML5 for modern-day marketers aiming to rank higher on search engines.
* HTML5 enables better form fields and search boxes, which is advantageous for businesses looking to encourage visitors to sign forms or spend some time browsing the site.
Flash is vector based technology where all assets(Images/Animation/Audio/video) are stored inside the container and are served via adobe flash.
Flash is an older technology, as compared to HTML5. It was one of the most popular ways to add interactivity, video and animations to websites.
In order to view these videos and/or animations, a Flash plugin needed to be downloaded and installed in the web browser. An advantage for HTML5 over Flash is that as HTML is supported by nearly all web browsers, it does not require an additional plugin to be installed.
Many of the agency are suggesting to used HTML5 as the standard for all kind of ads due its responsive nature. beside it covers nearly 68% of the population which are using Mobile phone.
While it’s true, there are tiny satellite speakers aided by small subwoofers that can be “hidden” in many living spaces, when it comes to great audiophile sound these systems had never delivered … until Cinema. For years now, our award-winning Cinema speakers have been delivering a seamless music and home theater soundstage that brings movies to life and makes music sound “live.” Rumour has it that with this new generation of Cinema speakers, sound may be even better than the movie.
Superior 8˝ High-Excursion Driver made of a durable reinforced polymer composite that in concert with the superior suspension system and motor/magnet structure allow the cone to travel farther while maintaining effective control.
Two aesthetic placement options … gloss side up or cloth side up. Includes four easy-to-install feet.
Single driver, bass reflex, high-velocity low-turbulence resitive ports, built-in amplifier, flexible positioning: gloss side up or cloth side up with feet

We meet 4th Sunday of the month at 5pm. Please contact Jamie Logan at 405-464-3998 to confirm dates and location.

Neuroscience represents the biggest research area moving into the new Brigham building at 60 Fenwood Road this fall, and its clinicians and researchers plan to enhance communication and promote collaboration with many other departments.
More than 200 participants visited with various startups, engaged with their technology and learned about the role digital health plays in the current age of health care.
Elizabeth Richey, MD, who is starting her third year in BWH’s Internal Medicine Residency Program, reflects on her intern year and offers advice to incoming interns who recently began their training at BWH at the end of June.
Addiction to opioids is wreaking havoc on families and communities across the United States, with overdoses from prescription pain relievers and heroin causing a surge in hospital visits and fatalities.
When the Division of Rheumatology, Immunology and Allergy moves to the Brigham Building for the Future this fall, its clinicians and researchers will come together for the first time in the same facility.
A daring technique, introduced in 1977, has been successfully performed six times at Brigham and Women’s hospital.
Two projects awarded $50,000 grants from the BWH Health and Technology Innovation Fund during a ‘Shark Tank’-style competition to fund their respective projects.
ERCP and EUS: A Case Based Approach; Oncology Informatics: Using Health Information Technology to Improve Processes and Outcomes in Cancer
This spring, BWH, BWPO and Brigham and Women’s Physician Council recognized medical staff for their service, leadership and innovation.

The Mindy Project will soon be dropping its fourth season — this one, on Hulu, after Fox canceled the series in May — and we now know a little bit more about the upcoming continuation of the show!
According to reports, Joseph Gordon-Levitt will be guest starring as Mindy Kaling‘s on-screen husband in the season four premiere!
What the what — no more Mindy and Danny?! Nope! Gordon-Levitt will be portraying Matt, a smooth reality TV producer for Bravo, who sounds just perfect for the lovely Ms. Lahiri.
This news makes it so hard to wait, but wait we must! Twenty-six new episodes of The Mindy Project will drop on Hulu later this year. Hurry up and get here, already!
The diaper company is now investigating claims that there are glass shards in their baby wipes after a mom posted a video on YouTube allegedly “proving” the presence of glass!
It all started thanks to a momma in Guam, who posted a video online, and it eventually caught the attention of a lot of moms and dads out there worried about whether their kids were safe using Huggies’ wipes.
One momma from Peoria, Arizona — Jessica Shinsky — posted a video trying to calm people down, pointing out the Huggies wipes didn’t look that much different than other brands’ offerings, and that even if the alleged shiny flecks of material may be plastic or some other component, they are almost certainly not glass (below):
ALL THAT GLITTERS IS … GLASS? Lol, I can’t even with all this paranoia right now. This is all I have to say on the matter: Parents: do your own research, don’t freak out because some nobody made a YouTube video trying to rile people up. It’s shiny. Plastic is shiny. Disposable wipes contain plastic fibers. Take a breather. And Pinterest methods of making natural cloth wipes if you want to avoid the plastic :)Love the passion, just focus it where it counts. Goodnight all ├ó┬¥┬ñ├»┬╕┬Å
It seems like the folks from Huggies themselves are finally catching on to the common sense aspect of all this, with spokesman Bob Brand saying in a statement:
“We believe what has been reported as glass shards are, most likely, melted fiber particles of our wipe material used in the manufacturing process of the product.”
Yeah. That’s going to be the most likely outcome here, as opposed to a major corporation putting shards of glass in its baby wipes.
There are a ton of helicopter parents out there, but let’s all take a nice, deep breath on stuff like this, OK??
Forget all the other names! It’s totally going to be THIS! More at http://Play.it/Perez and subscribe on iTunes to The PHP: Perez Hilton Podcast.

Dill is an aromatic herb, anise and lemon scent, which besides being very digestible and have antiseptic properties, is very versatile in the kitchen, leaves and fruits are used in cooking as seasoning, occupies a prominent place in the kitchen for its delicious flavor is unmatched by any other herb. Because it has a pronounced flavor is recommended to be used in moderation and intelligence, so as not to undermine or improperly mixed with the flavor of other herbs. Canned vinegar is often used with the laurel, the nebrinas and pepper. Dill is recognized primarily by its affinity with the fish and their use in pickles.
Meanwhile, mix the butter (melted) together with the flour. Add the milk gently to mix well. Season with the nut, pepper, a pinch of salt and bouillon cube.
Ask the fishmonger to remove the spine of the salmon, but leave the skin. Put some salmon on a dish with the skin side down and cover with salt and sugar mixed together and spread over a few sprigs of fresh dill. Top with the other fillet skin side up.
Place salmon on aluminum foil and a wooden board with a weight on top (some boats may be preserved). Keep in the refrigerator about 12 hours, turning every 6 hours.
After that, wash the salmon under the tap to remove salt, dry thoroughly with a clean cloth and put it on the table with the skin side down.
Cut thin slices with a sharp knife flush with the skin. Place in a dish, sprinkle a few drops of oil and fresh dill leaves. Serve with slices of rye bread smeared with butter.
If the salmon takes too much salt can be recovered by putting it in as if it were soaked cod, dried and served with a sauce as indicated.
Aside in a bowl, put the lemon juice, oil and salt. If the bowl has a lid, cover and shake to make it well mixed. If you have no lid, mix vigorously with a kitchen rods.
When the ingredients are well mixed and bound, are poured over the golden. Then sprinkle the dill and parsley and serve. On the other hand, cleaned escarole and cut into pieces for salads. Also wash the tomatoes and leave whole. In addition, honey is diluted with a tablespoon of water until it takes the texture of a dressing.
Fish is served with salad of endive with tomatoes and sprinkle the salad with water and honey dressing
Cut cucumbers lengthwise and remove seeds. Chop the cucumber into cubes and take a cucumber pearls for decoration.
Wash the rice very well 4-5 times dripping water, to release all the starch, let it soak for at least 10 min. in the pot where you're going to cook, more time if nothing happens.
Meanwhile, cook rice in which we added salt and dill, if it is "al dente" should not be cooked at all, that is certainly not as a paste, drain the rice and set aside in the strainer, while baked finish beans.
When cooked, put in pot 1 tablespoon margarine (I always use corn), pour a generous layer of rice and another layer of beans, and ending with rice, mix a little rice and pile the back of the spoon and palette, but loosely under the pot to a heat spreader, place the lid of the pot, which we will put a cloth tied to absorb the steam, place the pot in the smaller fire with the flame to minimum and let it toast the bottom layer as about 30 min.
Appetizer RecipesRecipes rich in vitamin B2 (riboflavin)Ideas and Tips for making your Desserts lighterGelatin recipes with Milk3 Low-Carb Dinner RecipesRecipes rich in Vitamin B1 (thiamine)Flaxseed RecipesPaiche RecipesLight and Healthy Breakfasts to Start the Day WellRecipes and foods rich in phosphorusLearn to Make Carbohydrate-Rich BreakfastsRecipes for preparing Dressings, Dips and SaucesRecipes and diet for children and people with Leukemia3 Irresistible egg and dairy-free cake recipesFall Recipes with ApplesRecipes with Kuzu (Kudzu)Recipes and diet for people with HypotensionDiet and vegetarian recipes for elderly peopleDessert Recipes with TapiocaSurimi RecipesPanela cheese recipes (fresh)Alfalfa Sprouts recipesVegetarian Pate RecipesEasy recipes to eat in your office	
Dill is such an interesting aromatic herb!! I remember one time I opened a box of triscuits that had a sample of dill seeds tucked inside the inner flap of the box, and I grew some in my garden that year! I was surprised at how many uses there are for dill...including making your own dill pickles! Thanks for these magnificent recipes, I'll have to grow more dill now!

In addition to Amazon putting their pre-orders live, Best Buy has now listed the all-new BlackBerry KEY2 for pre-order in black and silver in the US. keeping in line with the retail pricing, Best Buy has both variants listed at $649.99 with the release date being July 13.
Need to know more before pre-ordering? Be sure to take a look at our full BlackBerry KEY2 review right here or if you have questions, you can hop into the CrackBerry BlackBerry KEY2 forums to learn more.
Matlab 2018a Crack with Activation Key is a very comprehensive and efficient environment for a high-level language. It offers many multiple programming paradigms. Matlab 2018a Activation Key enables complex computing, functions and matrix computing. With this, you can plot many functions with many variables as well as view different data plots. A large collection of Algorithms from many different domains are also available to users. You can implement any of these algorithms to your data.
Artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, data mining, signal processing as well as data mining domains for algorithms are available. Matlab 2018a Serial Number is useful to many scientists as well as engineers alike. It also is one of the very distinct features of this application. Then it supports an interface for connection to many other programming languages. Different languages such as Java, Lua, android, c++ and many more programs use.
This Matlab 2018a License Key offers an easy to use Graphical user interface. This includes editor for code writing as well as commands windows to view results. You can view program results as well as execution. With this command window, you can view complete working of your program. You can check the intermediate results of this code also. Most of all with this, you can check code result without saving any data. You can execute previous commands as well if you need to repeat it.
Live Editor: Create live functions with richly formatted documentation, including equations and images
Preallocated Tables and Timetables: Initialize table and timetable variables so that they have specified sizes and data types

Bailey's Beach ⋅ Ruggles ⋅ 1st Beach (Eastons Beach) ⋅ 2nd Beach (Sachuest Beach) ⋅ Narragansett Beach ⋅ Monahan's Dock ⋅ Lighthouse (Point Judith) ⋅ South Shore Beach ⋅ K38/39 ⋅ Matunuck
Surf Photography ⋅ Surf Website ⋅ Local Information ⋅ Food and Drink ⋅ Watersport Centre ⋅ Adventure Centre ⋅ Kitesurfing and Windsurfing ⋅ Car and Campervan Hire ⋅ Yoga and Surfing ⋅ Coasteering ⋅ Surf Videography ⋅ Stand Up Paddle (SUP)

A painful week for Australian cricket and Facebook as Google launches mobile first indexing. GDPR apocalypse and some legendary photoshop fails top off My Five #279.
Five things worth sharing from the last week or so, brought to you by a different member of the Browser Media team every Friday. It is a bank holiday tomorrow, so I thought I would jump in early!
It has not been a good week for cricket. An embarrassing episode in which the Australian cricket team were caught blatantly cheating has not been great for the sport.
What has been great, is a brilliant example of an organisation seizing the moment and creating a great piece of marketing to capitalise on the news agenda. Cue applause for Air New Zealand, who posted a video on their Facebook page poking fun at Steve Smith (the now ex-Australian cricket captain).
The ‘Hey, Steve’ video has subsequently been removed (I can’t find any official explanation why?), but you can still watch it at here.
An excellent effort and it is a shame that it has been taken down. We should all aspire to create marketing that is intelligent and witty – I hope you agree that this ticks both boxes.
Anyone involved with search will be aware of Google’s mobile-first indexing. A year and a half in the making, Google officially announced this week that it was rolling out mobile-first indexing for sites that follow best practice for mobile websites.
Starting this week, notifications have been sent out via Search Console that sites are being migrated and you are likely to see significantly increased crawl rates from the smartphone Googlebot.
Should you be worried about this? I hope not as I hope that you have been catering for mobile visitors to your site for some time. There is no secret that mobile usage is exploding and many sites see a lot more mobile traffic now than desktop. I certainly don’t think that anyone should be panicking as it is about how Google gathers content rather than how content is ranked.
As with all of Google’s announcements, it is now a time to evaluate any possible impact. Watch this space….
It is not only Australian cricket that would like to erase the memories of recent times. Facebook has been facing a tidal wave of hatred following Cambridge Analytics-gate. Close to £56bn has been wiped off Facebook’s market value since 16th March.
Not only has Mark Zuckerberg been on the defensive, the social media giant was forced to make announced some changes to its privacy settings this week. In a nutshell, they have made it easier to find and control the privacy settings for its users.
They are clearly taking the whole thing very seriously (so they should!) and were also busy making announcements to their developer community that could have fairly far reaching implications for a lot of organisations and you should be nervous if you have a business that relies on access to their data.
There has understandably been a lot of noise about the advent of GDPR in recent months. It heralds potentially the most significant change to how brands can use personal data in living memory.
There has consequently been a lot of scaremongering and panic, often fuelled by organisations who are trying to benefit from it financially (what, me – a sceptic?!).
I was therefore pleased to see a positive post over on the Econsultancy blog today that looks at the positive impact that GDPR may bring. It is definitely worth a read and quiet reflection. Maybe, just maybe, it is an entirely good thing after all?
I can’t believe that I am going to give Kim Kardashian any air time on the hallowed turf of the mighty Browser Media blog, but I couldn’t help laughing at the furore this week over the photoshopped (or not?) image that she shared this week.
You can see the offending photo and her robust defence at here. To be fair, her explanation does sort of make sense so maybe the online ridicule was unjustified?
What is certain is the fact that not every image you see online is real. Some of them are fake news. The Metro shared a good selection of photoshop fails, which is worth a read / laugh.
Personally, I draw the line at a lovely Instagram filter. Other than that, I think you should say it as it is, warts and all. Like my recent photo of my new tattoo:


Live Bait “The Spanish word is Carnada” is not included with our charters, because its availability cannot be guaranteed.
You will have the opportunity to purchase carnada -as available-from the bait vendor as you depart the marina.
Customary recommendation is ten live bait (Usd $30) however ask your captain for his up to date suggestion for constantly changing conditions.

Day #17 AMWHP: “WRITING” | If you're reading this, find a hobby Day #17 AMWHP: “WRITING” – If you're reading this, find a hobby
If you creepily stalked me, showed up in the coffee shop that I am invariably sitting at, confidently walked up to my table and began speaking to me, I would, no doubt, sound almost exactly like this.
While writing, I can sit back (like I just did, actually), stare at the screen, and think to myself, “where is this going, exactly?”
I can research synonyms for basic words (elementary verbiage) to sound better educated than I actually am.
I even can delete a whole plethora of words if, after re-reading (another inorganic feature of writing), I find that they don’t fit into the tight flow I aim for in my pieces.
Unless you have a complete disregard for social norms, really dislike the speaker as a human, or simply cannot hear a quiet voice, you’re going to respond when someone talks to you.
That key difference may seem small – as small as two letters, even – but it is the reason I get so excited when people “read” me rather than listen to me.
If you’re listening to me, you have a chance to interject; to respond; to make the conversation your own.
Coloring - it is so soothing! Coloring in this sweet little girl was so much fun! It had been so long since I had colored a face that I needed to start over as I couldn't remember what colors I prefered to use on people - I had made her peach, very peach - LOL!
Today I would like to share a very simple idea with you. It seems like every time we turn around there is another birthday party on the horizon and we don't have a card ready. I would like to suggest that together with your kids decide what images they would like to use on birthday cards.
Stamp them off on little squares of Neenah cardstock and take them with you in the car, together with a set of markers or colored pencils. Your kids can color them when waiting for a sibling at swimming lessons or whenever they need to sit and wait. Hopefully it will help reduce those "can we go yet?" moments.
This idea can also work REALLY well for all ages of crafters - keep your favorite Copic markers in a wallet and then you can just walk out the door with your tools at a moments notice!
I used Neenah cardstock and Memento ink so that these could be colored in using Copic markers. If your kids will be using Crayola markers (which are water based) I would like to recommend using Ranger Archival or Palette Noir ink to stamp your images.
This is the selection of Copics that I used to color in the images for this Crafting with Kids series. For the skin tone I used E0000, E000, E11 and R11 for the cheeks and mouth. For the hair I used E31, E34 and E37.
Due to this being such a simple idea I wanted to share a fun way that you can gift these images to someone special. They can then use this little envelope to take their work with them on the road.
I love the "flourish" envelope closure of the Hero Arts envies. Using their liner template I simply cut out two decorative pieces of Olivia paper. I prefer to use my fingertip knife to quickly cut these designs out following along the edge of the liner.
TIP: To help determine the best fit of a decorative punch edge to the piece you are enhancing create a decorative strip out of plain paper that is longer than your decorative paper or card front. Place the piece that you want to edge along your guide to determine best placement. This will help you from having those odd uneven ends.
Punch a hole in the envelope flap using the large hole size on the Crop-a-dile. This will give you a spot to thread your ribbon through and tie the envelope shut.
The Hero Arts Cloud background is incredibly versatile! I love this background stamp! Today I only wanted a couple of clouds. Stamp the image and then using little snips cut out the individual clouds you would like to use, leaving a border around each cloud. Use a 2-way glue pen and some glitter to brighten up the clouds.
Add a Faded texture label and a cute "hippo and friend" and now you have a very special coloring "book" to share with your child.
Thinking about creative processes that are active was my goal when trying to come up with things I think boys would like to do. Many moons ago I taught third and fourth graders - what a fantastic age group! It was important to me as a teacher that I try to meet the needs of all the different learning styles - one of which is the student that needs action to learn.
Your craft tools can be more than craft tools - use the fun punch shapes to have your kids punch out different shapes to learn their math skills - adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing. Fractions, shapes - it truly is endless! Punches are one of the tools that I think your kids could get SO much use out of.
Again today I wanted to create a card that would hopefully appeal to a boy - something he could use for an upcoming birthday party.
Think outside the box when you are creating - turning the picket fence into a railroad track was my out-of-the-box idea for this punch. Kim turned the cupcake punch into a graduation cap. There are SO many different things you can do. Give your kids your punches and see what they come up with!
To complete the railroad track look I first cut the picket points off with my paper cutter and then made a second cut to turn it into a track. Easy and fun! If one is too small to use up the space then use two or three to bring the proportion together. AND if you are kids perhaps you will want to cover the entire card with train tracks :-D
I will be using more punches shapes in another upcoming idea - they are so very versatile and easy for kids to use!
I will always think back to the magic of "disappearing ink." Writing with lemon juice and then heating the paper to watch it appear. The sophisticated products that we now have that allow us to magically watch a pattern appear still intrigue me as an adult and so my thinking with this project was that kids would find this to be so much fun!
The first two tools that I believe will make this process so very easy to clean up are the non-stick craft mats and the craft scraper. These craft mats come in a number of sizes I am currently working with the XL mat on my work surface so that I can completely protect my tabletop. I then use the smaller one on top of it because it is so much easier to store and carry to the sink if need be. When working with a craft mat allow your paints to dry on the surface and then simply scrap them off using the craft scrapper. It is SO very easy! No more big messes to worry about.
Depending on the age of your children you can do the first step of this technique, but this is not about perfection - it's more about the process. Remember all those foam stamps we accumulated! Well, for this project I pulled one of those out. They work fantastic for this type of technique. You can also use "regular" stamps as well - the only important consideration is to pick a design that is quite bold such as a silhouette or one with thicker outlines.
Paint the Matte Medium on your non-stick craft sheet and use this as your "stamp pad." Randomly stamp the image on your Sticky Back Canvas. You can have small diecut shapes, as I have used here, or work with an entire sheet cutting it into pieces later.
Using the Heat It tool I dried the Matte Medium - I'm an impatient crafter - LOL! If you want to extend the project out over time you can simply set this aside and allow it to airdry.
Using popsicle sticks so that I don't mix my colors in my jars I selected three different Studio paints and dabbed them on my craft sheet. "A little dab will do ya!" Less is more with these paints :-D Then add moisture to your paint with a mini mister, watering it down to a very thin consistency as shown. Using the large size Studio Brush randomly paint your canvas and watch the magic happen. It is so very fun to watch as the design appears!!!
I used Pumice Stone Distress Ink to mute the beautiful colors to coordinate with the Olivia papers. Showing your child how to use the ink blending tool will be so much fun for them. When Trina was creating her Social Studies project it was so fabulous to watch as she adapted the techniques I shared with her to transform her project. Your child's school projects will take on a whole new level if you share some of these little techniques with them!
Another wonderful tip I learned at Ranger U is how to use the Studio Paint as an "ink pad." By simply mixing a little Extra Time with the paint and rolling it out on my craft mat I can then use any stamp to add detail to my canvas projects! This will hold up to washing if you want to stamp on fabric!!!
I didn't have any hair clips at work, but I felt that these adorable Posies from Basic Grey would make the absolute cutest embellishments when fastened to hair clips. Clip a couple of hair clips to your card and you have a quick and fun gift!
Not only will this technique shared today work on Sticky Back canvas, BUT I believe that it will work on T-shirts, tote bags and so much more! The canvas aprons and camera bags we carry are begging for some color. If you haven't seen the fabulous Copic camera bag that Debbie shared yesterday you must visit and leave her a comment. STUNNING I tell you!
This could be an absolutely amazing project to explore with not only your younger set, but your teens who want to have unique, custom clothing! I sincerely hope that we are inspiring you to try crafting with kids this summer. If you don't have any of your own, then go out and borrow a few - they really can be so much fun to watch and listen to as they create! As well all of us "older set" are young at heart and can be considered kids at times - LOL! So grab a couple of friends and be as free-spirited as kids when you create. Simply have fun!
Thank you for stopping by again today - we hope to see you again tomorrow as we share another idea for a fun summer project!
stamps: Making Memories Foam Stamp (old - I don't remember what the set is called), Hero Arts Clear Design Kiss From the Sun
Thank you for joining me today! It has been a slow start to summer here in Seattle. We are finally beginning to see the sunshine - can you see us doing the happy dance?!? I find it interesting how our kids look forward to summer and free time, but then they don't know what do during their free time. Hopefully if you have kids in your house, asking what they can do, some of these ideas will be helpful.
I firmly believe that boys should have the opportunity to be creative as well. In fact they should have a little push in the right direction - LOL! So the activities that I thought might appeal to them will be the more "active" types of craft projects and they will probably involve machines ;-D
This first card is so incredibly simple and I can see kids creating a series using the fun new collection from Basic Grey called Oliver. It is so wonderful to see a manufacturer put together a line that will appeal to the boys in our lives!
Teach them to insert the notecards into the embossing folders and crank them through the Big Shot. Watching the texture appear as you rough them up will be so much fun! Tim Holtz's newest folders called Fades (scroll down towards the bottom of this page) have a bunch of different designs that boys will find appealing - yeah! Not only do I love the fact that there are some more masculine designs, but I love how the designs are not even throughout - I love how they fade in and out.
I love the little pieces that come in the Sticker Elements collection. The self-adhesive makes it easy to stick and go. Leave them as is or show them how to color in portions of the designs.
I added a hint of color to the smoke-stack. I could have also added color to the headlights or the front grill, but wanted to keep this project super easy. Each sticker element will allow for different types of creativity. I would show them one example and then let them run with it and use their own creative thinking. Allow them to do what they would like - it doesn't have to be perfect in our eyes. It should be fun and empowering in theirs.
Let them use the Gummies to add depth to their cards. I think that kids will find these little pieces particularly appealing because of the texture.
Thank you for joining me over the last few days as I share one of my newest intrigues! Today I will be sharing the most complex of the three projects I worked on last week Friday. Let me tell you that last Friday afternoon was "WAY fun" as I found my sparkle again :-D
As you can see I selected Delovely as the basis for my color theme and ran it throughout this collection. Using the chart I am creating made it easy to select the perfect colors of glitter. As soon as I have that information complete I will link you to it in hopes that it makes your selection process easier as well.
I am SO diggin' the new Hero Arts release. I cannot believe the beautiful impressions I am able to create with the clear stamp line. I can't be as "techniquey" with these stamps, but for stamping and coloring they are fabulous! Thank you Hero Arts and Jennifer McGuire for getting me hooked! LOL!
Once again you can see the Copic colors from which I selected above. Just pretend that the BG's aren't in the mug and you will have the complete grouping for coloring in these darling drink glasses. I do want to point out that I used a Copic multiliner .03 to extend the lines of the straw down into the drink glass - it was just bugging me that I was making the glass clear and couldn't see the straw - LOL! I should have drawn in the fruit as well, but... I'm such a goof!
So here we go - I want to share with you how to make your own designer glitter paper! NEVER throw away the backing that comes with your tape. Yep, you heard me - hoard it as if it were gold :-D This backing is what you will use to create magic with the microfine glitter!
Take your favorite punch shapes and punch to your hearts content. Punch edges, punch flowers, punch butterflies, punch, punch, punch - yep - I think you get the picture! Then save these. I am developing a storage system using little ziplock baggies (I'll share these at another time.) So save those little baggies we send your thank you notes and ribbon in and put them to good use.
Next label them with what is in the bag - flowers, butterflies, yep - whatever it is that you love. Now punch a hole and put it on a ring.
Below you can see the collection of punch shapes that I used for my designer paper. To begin I drew the basic shape of the label I was planning on using on a piece of scrap paper. I should have selected something that was not so distracting. For this I apologize, but I wasn't thinking about that - only about my finished project - LOL!
Arrange your punched backing shapes until you are satisfied. It is much easier to rearrange the shapes here than on your sticky project :-)
I applied my Be Creative Tape to a piece of Solar White cardstock and using my Label die I cut it out. For some odd reason my die did not cut all the way through this time and so I did need to use my Tim Holtz teflon coated scissors to cut through some of the remaining spots. Every other time I have tried this my die cut all the way through, so I'm not certain what was up with it this time.
Now using our very fine-tipped teflon coated tweezers (or any other fine-tipped tweezers - I like the teflon coated because if they happen to stick to the adhesive it will have less of a tendency to damage it) place your shapes in the same position as you did on your planned layout.
To create the center in my flower I needed to first place the "abstract" star shape and then position my flower piece over top as shown on the right hand side of the picture. The little star shape is already under neath of this flower.
Using an extra piece of backing paper smooth down over your entire project, making certain that each shape is firmly attached.
Now burnish! Remember burnishing simply means to rub over the entire glitter surface with your finger tips. This will keep your glitter in place and ensure that future glitter colors do not become embedded into the current color family.
Once again lift your piece and allow the excess glitter to fall onto your work paper. Use your soft brush to remove any excess. The top right portion is one that was brushed - the lower left is how it will appear when not brushed.
As you can see I use my tweezers to get in and remove the little shapes that are firmly attached to my backing. If the shape is delicate you will need to work from several different places on your shape so as not to tear it. These little shapes can be reused until they start pulling apart and tearing. Once removed simply store them back into your little bags for future use.
As you can see in this picture I have removed all of the shapes for my next color application. I wanted yellow to be in the flower centers, as well as on each individual small shaped flower.
I completed my project by adding yellow gemstones to the centers of three flowers, some Cool Transparent glitter to my fruit pieces, and applying Glossy Accents to my glasses.
So why do I love this product so much - it allows me to be creative! I am only limited by my own imagination. I have other projects to share with you in which I hand cut my shapes to be used on my glitter paper. The possibilities are so incredible!
Now it's time for us to "just chill" :-D Cheers to a marvelous and hopefully sunny weekend ahead - we NEED sunshine here in the Pacific Northwest!!!
The last few days have been SO busy. School ended today and all the last minute flurry of activity has me "sleepless in Seattle." I could literally fall asleep here at the computer this afternoon, but as I wasn't able to complete this post last night I am filled with renewed determination to get it done this afternoon. I am SO very excited to be sharing these glitter techniques with you because as I stated in my previous post there is something incredibly different about this glitter.
We hope to share little glitter samples as shown below in a variety of colors with the orders that are coming in over the next few weeks so that you can see for yourself how gorgeous and different this glitter is. It just is impossible to translate the beauty through the computer screen.
This is the cool tone glitter that was applied to the Delovely paper in the previous post. It is difficult to actually take a picture and have the colors be true, but you can see how this glitter is shown on white paper on the left and black paper on the right. It has such an elegant and luxurious look and feel to it.
I am currently working on an Excel spreadsheet that will show the glitter color that corresponds with the Memory Box and Hero Arts cardstock we carry. They coordinate AMAZINGLY!
As you can see I have been busy :-D I am working hard to try and make this easier for you because I know that you will love these just as much as I do! Now on with the project.
This gorgeous Hero Arts image is so fun to color. Above are the Copic colors I used to color the image. I apologize that we have already run out of this set - I should have know that when it was shown colored it would be gone instantaneously - more are on their way and we hope will be here shortly.
I am not going to go in to the coloring of this image because that would make this post insanely long, so on with the glitter directions.
I prefer to cut my tape slightly larger than my project and then using my Fiskars fingertip knife I cut through the adhesive only (it's much easier than it sounds as you use the edge of the cardstock to guide you) and roll the exposed adhesive away and discard it. This gives me little "tabs" to work with when I am applying the glitter.
Next I used my Scalloped On the Edge die to cut through the layers of tape and paper and then snipped the end tabs free.
If you haven't created little swatches when you receive your glitter you will find that it is easy to select your color by simply turning your bottle over and hold it next to your project as shown above.
Remove the wording from your tape and pour your glitter over the adhesive. Shake off the excess and using a soft brush such as a make-up brush remove the remaining glitter. The next step is always critical - BURNISH the glitter into the adhesive on the tape using your fingertips. It is incredible how it brings the glitter to life and makes it permanent. You might get glitter on you as you are working, BUT it will not come off your project and be all over the recipient of your gift after you burnish it in. :-D
There are so many ways to add additional colors and with this post I wanted to keep it easy. After completing the process above I simply added a thin strip of tape overtop my glittered project as shown above.
Again remove the liner with the words on it and pour your glitter over your adhesive. If you forgot to burnish your project you will end up having the two colors mixed together, but if you burnish you will be amazed at how clean and precise each color of glitter remains.
There are so many options available to you depending on the final look you would like for your project!
Remove the excess glitter, use your soft make-up style brush to remove even more glitter flakes and then burnish again.
Not only can you use the tape with the glitter but I find that the Designer Dries Clear Adhesive is magical as well. I dotted little droplets of glue on the stamens in the flowers and applied glitter to these. The gorgeous subtle gleam and texture were the perfect compliment.
Tomorrow brings my most complex project. I hope that you have been enjoying learning about the creative options that you will be able to achieve with this product! We ran out of some colors quickly, but hope to have more the beginning of next week. So keep checking back to our store or join our Face Book Fan Club to be updated when the glitter arrives back at our warehouse.
One of my all time favorite things to do is discover new products and then learn how to use them. Lis told me about the "glitter ladies" and how she thought I would be intrigued with this microfine glitter. She didn't warn me though that I would be hooked!!! LOL!
I had the pleasure of spending the weekend with Lisa and she took me to have a play date with Deanna and Haroldine. Haroldine is the tape lady and Deanna is the glitter lady and together they regaled me with fabulous stories. But even better they showed me the magic behind the tape and the glitter. We laughed and glittered until one in the morning and now I am one sparkly girl :-D
I wish that I could pass this card through the screen to you. It is not only the beauty of the sparkles that intrigues me, but it is the finished hand of the product that makes me giddy. The technique that Deanna and Haroldine invented is called Burnished Velvet. The final product feels like a very beautiful velvet, or perhaps satin. I was joking with one of our customers who stopped by today that perhaps this could be my grown-up version of a silky blankie. I could carry a piece around in my pocket and when I was stressed I could just pull out my Burnished Velvet sample and rub it between my fingers like a baby does a silky blankie. LOL! OK - I know I'm goofy, but I thought it might be the cheapest and easiest form of stress relief :-D
OK, I'll get to the point - enough with my being silly. The first post I would like to share is the difference between the two types of Microfine glitter we have in the store. The first is transparent. It is available in two different formats. I used the cool version for the project today. The cool tones of this glitter bring a beautiful silvery, blue cast to the project you add it to. The warm tone glitter has a warm golden effect when added to a project. I will try and get to snapping a picture of the difference and putting it on our website shortly. It is so very difficult to bring these to life in pictures but I can guarantee you that the effect is magical.
The second type of Microfine glitter is the opaque versions. Below I stamped the measuring tape in a tone-on-tone ink to bring texture to the background. I then wanted to add additional tone-on-tone glamour to my card base and so I selected the cool transparent glitter and an opaque Ice Blue glitter so that you could see the difference between these two products.
We have elected to carry numerous widths of the tape in our store to allow you to create fun effects more easily. Above I have used the 3mm and 5mm widths. I will be sharing some special tips tomorrow to show you how easy it is to use the tape and glitter together. Today's post is designed only to show you the difference between the transparent and opaque versions of the glitter.
In the bottle you can't tell a difference. The transparent appears to be white in the jar, but when you use it on a project - THEN you see the difference.
First I applied a piece of tape over my Cosmo Cricket designer paper. I applied my colored image to the center and then covered the remaining exposed tape with the transparent glitter. After removing the excess (tips to come tomorrow) and placing it back in my jar it is essential to then "burnish" or rub over the surface of your project with your fingers. I don't know if it is the natural oils in your fingertips, or the pressure that is applied, but after you burnish the glitter into the tape with your fingertips your project will absolutely glow!
I hope that you can see the difference between the paper that is "glitterfied" and the piece that was left plain.
Just a few simple embellishments and I have a project that is "Sew cute!" So now I will leave you with my bad humor and let you anticipate my return tomorrow - perhaps tomorrows post won't be filled with bad humor - LOL! I have two more posts prepared in which I get more "techy" on you. I can hardly wait to share more information with you! Thanks for stopping by and stay tuned for more.
Congratulations, Lady Annabelle! This is a wonderful achievement, definitely something to be proud of. Here's hoping the next 1000 are just as rewarding!
You could be like me and simply hold it precious in your memory forever. Or delete four posts and restore them later - though that would be abuse of power and naughty.
I looked at all your links ... your work is incredible! It is so hard to change colors without loosing definition. You are very talented.
<blinks> does this mean that if we can't figure out how to wrap our dragon patterns on our dragon shape for the Pern project, you might know how to do it? We've made up over 100 shades of dragons and about 20 patterns, and now we need to get the patterns in the correct shades onto our model...
I keep meaning to post the color shades somewhere Haloriel can find them; so many colors of green, blue, brown, bronze and gold really give wonderful choices for character descriptions, especially if everyone can see the color swatches and knows exactly what the name means.
And I love your response to my post! I have to polish my Box story (its nearly done) and post it, then finish the newspaper, then I ought to have time to get back to my lovely lady here. I really appreciate that she is not going to be forced to be a warrior; Now we just have to hope for enough PCs that so that she can survive without combat skills.
Haloriel!! He's delightful, and I love that he's holding the sword and the umbrella. I'm excited ... I'm chanting, "You made one, you made one," over and over!
<blinks> does this mean that if we can't figure out how to wrap our dragon patterns on our dragon shape for the Pern project, you might know how to do it?
So, I'll skip the probably and go with "yes" :) If it boils down to it I can "draw" them onto the body with the lasso select tool. My laptop mousepad will behave... <coughs and glares at it>
- the lettering is all mine. The symbols were traced, on my laptop, onto the custom deer body, with the lasso tool.
I really appreciate that she is not going to be forced to be a warrior; Now we just have to hope for enough PCs that so that she can survive without combat skills.
Well, there have to be other people out there who aren't daunted by excruciating detail. Patience shall prevail, I'm sure. :) I need to turn that into my new mantra... o-0
Dear Clockwork, I love that picture! Malorne is a particular favorite of mine. I can't believe you did that lettering by hand!! I know very well how much skill it takes to do that. Or maybe the correct term is I know how much skill -won't- do it.
<bounces> ooh yay! Well, we won't burden you unless we can't figure it out, but ooh! I can't wait to share with you what we've done, because you will understand it!
I have almost, almost finished the story for Olive; I am just waiting for either my family or Haloriel to get up for a final proof read. I find it goes so much better if someone other then I reads it before I post! I've nearly finished the written part of the Newspaper one, as well. That requires my family's graphic skills to finish, though!
<grin> As for waiting patiently ... we may have to seduce them in by exposing them to the detail in layers, and emphasizing things like the ability to play someone NOT from Axiom so that they don't have to know the details; it will be fine for their characters to ask!
Dear Clockwork, I love that picture! Malorne is a particular favorite of mine. I can't believe you did that lettering by hand!! I know very well how much skill it takes to do that. Or maybe the correct term is I know how much skill -won't- do it. [/i]
I wish I could PM you, since I'm more than happy to offer my own proofing skills to anyone who needs such a thing. Goodness knows, I should be able to use my bookworm nature and spelling bee history for something... else, they drilled those word lists into my head for nothing... o-o
I wonder, if I were to set my email onto my profile, that you could access it? I don't know just how much is blocked to Unapproved peoples. Hmm...
Well, when I set up my advertisement in the old development thread, I made sure to include a section about Outworlders. But yes, that is precisely what the Outworlder concept is for... to give people who know nothing about either setting to gradually digest the learning curve and adapt to it. :)
I was considering making someone from another place. But I don't know where I'd send them in from. Maybe Feudal Japan. Muhaha. Hey Clockwork ... think you can improve that picture I posted? <3 Also, if you guys like poetry, I has a thread now.
Oh! I totally missed what you said there, I'm sorry. :) I'm not sure I can describe what I mean. It makes sense in my head ... I guess ... grr. Or find a background for this one. I like the other, but the details are not as sharp as I would like to see them, if that makes sense? Perhaps I shall take a class to learn this stuff.
My heart -stopped- when I saw that picture of the samurai in the rain, all sharp and immediate, the beautiful dream-scape background, the superimposed fighting stance, of -clearly- the same person AND then the RAIN!! in the Foreground ... and yet it was all clear, beautiful perfect!
Oh, Clockwork! I've a few more world building questions we'll post for you later today; Is it alright if we make a rough map of my clan's territory and main settlement? Ooh, and Zetta is thinking of making me a graphic for the Background story, too! We don't know what Gimp is, but its impressing us!
and Haloriel! He's just ... Dreamy! It would be great if he was from REAL Fuedal Japan because everything would be -almost- right.
Any and all questions are loved, of course. Feel free to direct them here, or PMs, now that you've been approved :3 Either works equally well for me. ^^
Absolutely! If s/he's feeling ambitious, I'm always intrigued in maps and suchlike (which are totally not my forte). The world map I threw together for Axiom was very basic - just a visual reference for the alignment of one continent to the other. I have no other visual references for any part of the world.
And thank you. I just have to work on a persona. I think I have something in mind, but I have my Storyteller's Cafe thing to do first, now that my class is almost over. :)
GIMP does have a bit of a learning curve to it. I loved it from the first time I ever played around with it, though, when I also played around with Linux. That was 11 years ago!
Let me know if you need any help. Also, let me know when you have some time. Drake and I have been brainstorming, and we've nailed a couple breakthrough concepts that I'd love to have your input on! :)
Thanks! I'll be done at uni here soonish, just trying to wrangle some stuff at the Financial Aid office. I'll tag you when I get home.
Ok - So here he is in his hopefully-spellchecked, resplendent glory! :) I decided to scrap the initial image edit that I made for him and go with the original aesthetics description, instead.
Aesthetics: skin-tone is deeply tanned; eyes are a vibrant. emerald green; face is a angular and long; hair-tone is a deep, rich red with natural, blonde highlights
The Taesa rested there, resonating a curious, subtle vibration, and appearing as if it were moulded from the ground, itself. Each Taesa was a mystery, with its origins remaining unknown regardless of how thoroughly one delved into Paramnarma historical records. This was no exception, seeming as if it had been Shaped seamlessly from a reflective, pitch black stone. Except for this Taesa, and a couple other Gaear Taesa like it, there were no other examples of this strange, unnamed material on Paramnar. Now, the boy - merely 9 taokuneii - stood there with his back to the primary Idaeo'suzei of the Monaznar; fists were clenched, and he was grimly stoic, and somber.
His parents had discussed the possibility of inducting him as an Idaeo'an, but they had procrastinated the actual deed because his Clan had a dwindling number of warriors to protect it. This summer, however, the elder Idaeo'suzei had been sent - by the Taesa, itself - upon a pilgrimage to collect him. His parents were distraught, but they knew better than to argue such a blatant play of destiny. So they had packed the most basic necessities, and bid him farewell.
As he had glanced at his mother, who kept her soft, grey eyes averted, he knew that he would never see them again.
The imagery of his brief recollection shimmered, then distorted into nonexistence, as if it were a disturbed ripple in a pond. Something demanded his fully-focused attention, and so he promptly snapped-to as a curious sentience began to massage his mind.
Of a sudden, a Voice that was both soft and thunderous consumed him; reverberated within the confines of his skull. "Come."
He instantly, instinctively obeyed, striding forth in three paces to stand within touching-distance of the smooth, black Taesa.
Of a volition that was almost not his own, he placed both hands upon the unnaturally-smooth surface of the Taesa. A choking sound would have been heard, from behind, if his perception were not so wholly engaged by the overwhelming connection. If he had been aware, he might have realized that the elder Idaeo'suzei was witnessing something that had never before occured, in all of Paramnarma history, and was beside himself with shock.
Beneath his sensitive touch, the boy felt the stone begin to warm and vibrate, until it was thrumming so intensely that his vision had completely blurred. Outside of his awareness, he began to glow with a blindingly brilliant, deep-gold luminescence. This persisted for an entire hourglass' span of time. Then, without any warning, the Taesa flared with a great, violent heat, and the flesh of his fingers and hands was seared to blisters. The heat then invaded and coursed through his body, sending a debilitating, fiery pain to travel akin to every vein, nerve and capillary. The agony was so intense that he could not move, or cry out.
Then, as suddenly as it had flared into existence, it was completely gone. The boy's body was encompassed in debilitating shock. After a brief moment, he collapsed, unconscious.
There he reverently knelt, by the ancient Idaeo'suzei's deathbed, his fingers entwined with those of the old man's clammy, age-spotted hand. The Omonai had long-since slipped beyond the margins of coherency, and was now wavering on the thinnest margins of bodily existence. For those who had lived so long - fully 197 taokuneii - it was always the hardest to let go of their corporeal margins. Certainly, it was not for lack of wanting; the spirit was simply too familiar with the body.
Maokeisu gently, soothingly manipulated the Idaeo'suzei's Ikaoi, impressing comfort and peace upon it as it slowed its meandering path amid the frail, deteriorating flesh, blood, and bone. Under his breath, he hummed an old, nameless tune that he had been taught by his great-grandmother as a wee toddler. His deep, bass voice was soft, yet it vibrated through his entire body and channeled through his intertwined grasp.
Another hourglass would pass, as he tirelessly soothed his ancient guide amid his inevitable passing. Then, in half the span of an intaken breath, he felt the last ties sever and dissipate. He bowed his head as he bid the Omonai farewell and blessings upon his next existence. He unwove his fingers and placed a marbled agate carefully in the old man's palm. Then he placed that hand, the right, upon the man's chest - with the stone cupped carefully betwixt - and he folded the left hand over it.
Next, he uncorked a flask of imbued danaoi and began to sprinkle the substance over the now-spiritless corpse. Once the cleansing was complete, he summoned for the embalmers. They would wrap the body in mao layers of treated, softened bamboo-cloth, then mao more layers of the finest silk. His tightly-wrapped form would be further-treated with embalming herbs and oils. Then, like his predecessors before him, the body would be arranged upon a strong, bamboo-pole litter, and transported to the sacred, underground crypt. He would be lowered into a sarcophagus decorated with imageries of stories of his achievements and talents, bestowed with the few possessions he would have allowed himself to collect, and sealed away along with the ashes of those who - being most dear or invaluable to him - had passed on before him.
As one life ended, so another truly began. The mantle was invisible, yet absolute. He already knew that, unlike the Omonai, he would not wear it for the entirety of his existence. However, for the duration of his responsibility, he would wear it proudly, and well.
The young man - of only 36 taokuneii - exited the deathroom, already feeling the Mark etching itself, permanently, into the flesh of his forehead.
When, as a young boy, Maokeisu was Claimed by the Maomu Gaearma Taesa, it permanently enhanced his natural, Primary control of Saear. If he focuses intently, he is able to heat the terra, even to the point of melting. Smaller swatches of terra generate, on average, less-potent consequences. Also, the distance of the affected terra to his own position affects the quality of the manipulation, as well as the consequences.
Associated consequences typically involve: a headache that, very gradually, increases in intensity over the length of time that Maokeisu focuses upon this ability. An extended duration also generates "glitches" in his brain, that range from slight, temporary impairment to persistent debilitations. Thusfar, nothing has ever been permanent, though recovery has sometimes lasted several sukaoii.
It was a prosperous taokunei, and the old Param still wore the Living Ring of Ikaoi Taesa. Little had been required of tithes, and the surplus had induced a curious, complacent lull in the otherwise-familiar, clan warfare. Sensing foreboding in the unseen patterns, however, Idaeo'suzei Neisao Maokeisu - he, who, at only 37 taokuneii, was the soulbound guardian of the third shrine of the Terra - had left the sacred halls of his Monaznar to travel Paramnar for answers. Unfortunately, with no clues to help him find what he sought, he wandered well into the season of Gaeamnar's slumber.
As the season of slumber gradually expended itself, and sought to establish Gaeamnar's rebirth, so he found himself in the Clan of D'aoima Teisei. The feeling of foreboding had doggedly thickened during his travels - despite the balance of the seasons continuing, unhampered - to the point that he was physically affected, and now struggling to breathe properly. Shortly after his arrival, he unceremoniously collapsed into unconsciousness. Monaeram Teisei Saegao, fearing the worst, had their honored visitor brought to the home of their resident healer family: an Omonae, Teisei Ikaoima, his Beholden, Teisei Raemun, and their three children.
Teisei Ikaoima and Raemun plied their abilities upon the fallen Idaeo'suzei from the moment he was brought in, until the largest of the moons, Monaz, was at its peak. During this entire time, their youngest child - a girl of the tender age of 3 taokuneii - would absolutely not leave the healing room, no matter how they (halfheartedly) threatened grave consequences. The Idaeo'suzei was now breathing easier, though, and they were exhausted and physically shaking after such prolonged manipulation of the various energies that they'd needed to work with. So the Omonae and his Beholden made the unorthodox decision to allow their seemingly-tireless, young daughter, the honor and responsibility to keep watch over the recovering Monaznar master. As it was, however, she was already known to be a rather unusual, serious child, and she had already, undoubtedly displayed evidence of her parents' abilities.
Once her parents were confirmed to have turned-in, she had drug a stool over and used it to maneuver herself up, and onto Neisao Maokeisu's cot. She sat, boldly and quite unceremoniously, inbetween his spaced-apart feet, with her legs folded and crossed over each other. Having heard tales of monaznumos from her parents, and their acquaintances, she intertwined her fingers in her lap, closed her eyes, and began to pace her breathing. The light of Monaz, as She descended across the sky, invaded through the open doorway and glass-less holes in the walls. It rested, as a wreath of illumination, upon the small child, and a casual observer might have even claimed that she appeared to be channeling it. Seitaoi Daomasu, however, was an Idaeo'suzeima mastery. No child, let alone one from a simple Clan - whose Primary was the element of danaoi - should be able to sense something so advanced, and yet...
About an hourglass' turn into this child's vigilant guardianship, the Idaeo'suzei gently stirred, and then began to pull out of his recovering rest. An incredibly-curious sensation was whispering over his skin with the most feather-light of caresses. He blinked his eyes open, furrowing his brows as his sight adjusted to the intensity of Monaz' light. His first thought was to question why was he so sensitive to it, of a sudden. He vaguely remembered collapsing, and wondered if he had hit his head especially hard upon the ground. Then, that curious sensation revisited him, and tingled its way over his arms and shoulders, then up to the crown of his scalp before dissipating. He lips parted slightly, as he shivered in response, and he very slowly adjusted so that he could prop himself up and look around. In the next moment, his eyes came to rest upon the tiny, vigilant figure, appearing as something incomparable, yet breathtaking, as she sat there in her wreath of moonlight. Breathing shallowly through his mouth, he pushed himself into a sitting position and leant forward. Then, after a few moments longer, he reached out and, so very tentatively, touched his fingertips to her cheek and jaw.
For an amateur practicing only upon what she had heard, indirectly, from her elders, she had managed to discipline herself into a rather deep trance. So, when the fingertips of the Idaeo'suzei had touched her face, it was the first thing to break through to her awareness. She felt Monaz' embrace gently fall away, as if a mantle sliding from one's shoulders, and she rose out of her monaznumos to open her eyes. As soon as she did, and their eyes met, her little hands flew to her mouth, and she blinked a couple of times. The master nodded, in recognition of something unheard, and yet absolute. Very, very slowly, throwing away all the protocol that had been, so far, taught to her, she removed her hands from her mouth and extended them out to touch his cheeks and jaw. In the next instant, something jolted through their bodies, and inextricably meshed their essences together. Acknowledgement flashed between them, as they kept their eyes trained upon each other throughout this exchange and merging of natural, personal energies. Then, moments later, she pushed herself forward to crawl closer, curling against the master's torso as he brought his arms around to embrace her protectively. With this man, there was no protocol; he was her Idaeo'suzei, and she belonged to him.
One sukaoi later, the ancient Param - at 157 taokuneii - passed away and the Living Ring was placed upon the second finger of his eldest otaodar. It would not be long before the reason for the Idaeo'suzei's sense of foreboding became evident.
Aesthetics (or Physical Description): Medium length black hair and carefully trimmed goatee. Blue-gray eyes. Markus generally wears black breeches and boots, a white shirt (ruffled) and a blue frock coat with gold trim. He also carries a cane made of some sort of blackened wood.
Character History: The Inkarn family was a Konsulatus Konvant of significant influence at one point. As a young man, Markus was sent to a boarding school where he was educated to be the next Magir of the clan. During his time there, however, his father made a series of poor decisions that resulted in the collapse of the family's fortunes. When Markus returned home, the Inkarn family was no longer of the Konsulatus and had been stripped of its Konvant status.
By dint of effort, Markus rebuilt some amount of the clan's strength. There were too few formatir and formatos left for the clan to still be a Konvant, but through wealth, Markus was able to build the Inkarn family up into a Tradak and restored it to its place in the Konsulatus.
The family could now be considered stronger than ever, trade might bringing it more power than it had wielded as a Konvant, but Markus is unhappy with the fact that his family no longer holds that status. If he could, he would restore the family's former title.
I promise to look over your profile submission soon. Unfortunately, today is a serious, sad day for me, and I will be kept away from the computer for most of it. You are welcome to inquire, in private, for more details. Idariel is away, but Haloriel could probably provide you with some lovely feedback on your character, in the meanwhile. :)
Do not worry too much, for me. In my primary relationship, I am the one that is far more at peace with these events, sad though they may be.

↑ Microsoft announces streamlining of smartphone hardware business Microsoft News Center, May 25, 2016


Air data was migrated as it was designed. The CM Activity Name for these migrated Federal CM activities was not populated in ICIS because it was blank in the AFS extracted data. There is a post implementation data fix open to populate these blank activity names. We will announce when that data fix will be done. In the meantime, you can add a value and then save the record.
Pickle says…. We LOVE Menorca – I have been three times already and I am only 5! It is a beautiful island, with regular short flights from the UK, lots of sunshine, stunning scenery and beaches. There are also many … Continue reading →


Charles Bronson (disambiguation) — Charles Bronson (1921–2003) was an American actor. Charles Bronson may also refer to: Charles Bronson (prisoner) (born Michael Peterson ), British criminal Charles Bronson (band), power violence/hardcore punk band from Illinois, USA Charles… … Wikipedia
Charles Bronson (prisoner) — For other uses, see Charles Bronson (disambiguation). Charles Bronson Hull Prison where Bronson took Phil Danielson, a civilian education officer, hostage for over 40hrs Born Michael Gordon Peterson December 6, 1952 (1952 12 06 … Wikipedia


U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, U.S., on Thursday, Aug. 2, 2018. Trump tweeted Thursday that Pennsylvania has to love him because he's "bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way." Photographer: Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg


We are perfectly located to supply roofing, guttering, fascia and soffit, flat roofing, roof repairs, lead works, roof cleaning and chimney works to the Belgravia area.


· Even in low-temperature environments, the properties of the mating part materials undergo few major changes, providing superior workability.
· The mating parts form an airtight seal, preventing dust and other outside particles from entering.
· There are 10 sizes ranging from 10φ to 100φ. In addition, a coating that is perfect for wiring can be applied.

Guest Contributor Ekuba: Secrets: Raped by my Uncle... - Adventures from the bedrooms of African women
My uncle raped me when I was four. Sometimes, I ask myself what he found so attractive about me at that age to make him do that to me. Was it my flat, unripe bosom? Or my carefree smile that glinted with innocence- the innocence which he took away from me forever? I will never know. Who can fathom a pervert’s mind?
He stopped molesting me when I was ten and then I started touching myself. In order to climax, I would fantasize about the things my uncle did to me, which I enjoyed. That is my secret. Not the touching- but that I enjoyed what was done to me. Now that I’m an adult, I know after reading countless psychological literature that children respond involuntarily to sexual stimuli. In other words, a child who is molested can sometimes enjoy it. So I’m not a freak of nature and it’s not my fault. But it’s only my head that knows this. Deep inside my heart, I detest myself. No one knows this is how I feel or that I’ve attempted suicide twice. I appear to be breezy and bubbly and happy. People always tell me, “You are so joyful!” If only they knew.
Women who are molested can either become frigid or promiscuous. 90% of all prostitutes lost their virginity through molestation or rape. I started off as an ice queen. Till I turned 23, I neither had a boyfriend nor slept with any man. I never even kissed any man. My friends and family thought I was the last virgin left on earth. At 23, I virtually became a scarlet woman. I had my first boyfriend. After him I started having one night stands. I dated a slew of married men. My sex partners thought I was a nymphomaniac because I was always hounding them for sex and I was insatiable in bed. Sometimes, I was stuck between being frigid and being promiscuous. I’d lure a man to bed only to be filled with hatred for him right in the middle of sex while he was happily thrusting away. I could not orgasm during sex. I’d get close then I’d stop myself because I was flooded with shame. The one time that I allowed myself to climax during sex, I wept uncontrollably. I could not have a stable relationship. The few boyfriends I disclosed my past to either run away or stayed and later got overwhelmed with my emotional ups and downs.
Last week, I started seeing a psychologist. I sat in his office and we talked about my past. At some point, I did not want to talk anymore because I was getting overwhelmed with feelings. He understood and rescheduled the session. I have decided to take it one day at a time. As Celie said in The Color Purple “I’m here”. Despite everything, I’m still here and that’s all that counts.
Were you molested as a child or raped as an adult? How has it affected you? Do you know anyone who was molested? How are they dealing with it? Have you ever dated someone who was molested?
I was molested by 3 male relatives from the age of 5 until I was 12 varying degrees but one involved full-on penetration. It killed the child in me. I never enjoyed it then but I craved it, at least then someone was paying attention to me. To some extent I still hate/fear men, working on getting better, some days I still struggle but I keep going. Thank you for writing about your experience, I’m 23 now and in my 1st healthy intimate relationship. On shame, I recently realised that it’s not me who should be ashamed, its them.
OMG. This is TERRIBLY sad! Child molestation and rape is the one thing that would drive me to murder.
I had an uncle touch me inappropriately as well when I was young. I was 8, and no where near the baby you were at 4. He tongue kissed me and put his tongue deep in my throat. It was disgusting. When he called for my sister so he could do the same to her she ran away. I followed suit quickly. But I always wondered what would make my father’s brother want to do that to a child…his own neice
Stupid iPhone! Anyway, I hope the counseling brings you the peace you deserve. The shame it’s not yours. It belongs to that rat bastard who did this to you!
At 4 years my older sister was brutally (they found her lying on the floor bleeding, while he ‘hung out’ in the garden) raped by my mother’s brother, while their (mum n her brother) sister performed lewd sexual acts on me when I was 7/8. This issue was never dealt with until a few months ago, when we confronted mum on her continued association with these ‘poeple. She absolutely refuses to address it and takes the ‘vengeance is the Lord’s’ route. Needless to say, it ended with my sis givine her the ultimatum, ‘him or me’? Mum refused to choose so sis made the decision for her … she cut her off totally. Luckily, mum and her family are from a different country so we don’t run into each other. Now sis has a daughter and is PARANOID.
The shame is the worst thing. I never told anyone what she did until this blowout a few month back. I felt relief that it was all out, but it doesn’t ease the shame. As you said Ekuba, the mind knows its not your fault, but it doesn’t connect with the shamed part of the brain. On the promiscuity, I know my sis passed thru a phase of it, but is now settled with kids. I wish you all the best in your therapy and in the rest of your life.
Thank you for sharing this with as much candour as you could possibly master. Having said, you brought up an issue that I have been VERY passionate about, prostitution. Often times, people are quick to judge prostitutes as the lowest common denominators on the human totem pole, not knowing that many have gone through traumatic life experiences with sexual abuse having taken place. With that said, I never judge a prostitute. Funny you wrote this piece, I was having a heart to heart talk with a girlfriend of mine about this issue, and I told her that, you can never judge a book by its cover. You need to open and read the content, and therefore make a judgement borne out of facts and logic, rather than just an emotive snap judgement response.
Our African society does not believe in seeking psychological help, rather we are more content and normalized to reach out to religion to deal with that. It is GREAT and truly refreshing to see you dealing and confronting past demons with medicine.
I do know of a young man who took up a job as a domestic staff worker in a tourist hotel. Turned out, the job advertised was not really that he was somebody’s toy! He was sexually molested for years by this old tourist dude, and was paid handsomely for his services. Being that he came from a poor family, he decided to stay on and eventually left the country with his “lover” to Germany,where I guess he settled for a married life with this man.
I don’t know where your situation occurred, but I believe it is high time all the African countries developed database systems with the names and full details of molesters!!!!! They should be shamed for taking away the innocence and youth of our young women and young men!
Wow, i’m glad you are still here and working on getting better and even for the boldness to write about it. I escaped molestation twice, once at age 8 and later at 10 yrs old. Both times involved older men who lived in my neighbourhood. The first man acousted me behind his house one evening on my way home and begged me to take his dick in my little hands and rub it. i threatened to scream if he tries anything. Thankfully he got the message and let me go. Even though nothing happened words could not describe the shame i felt when i got home. I also couldnt tell my parents about it as i thought they will scold me.
The second episode involved a man i used consider an uncle, i was 10 then. he literally promised to rape me whenever he catches me in the house alone. Now this time round i wasn’t taking any chances and so told an older cousin, who went to give him a strong warning in no uncertain terms. He never orgled me again! Child molestation is a serious issue in our society and sometimes i can’t help but be very afraid for my little daughter…
Juliet, I’m sorry about what your relatives did to you. I’m happy you’re in a committed relationship now. You don’t have to answer if you feel uncomfortable ok? But i was wondering if you and your partner are physically intimate and whether it triggers flashbacks and stuff (cos sometimes it does for me)
@ Malaka: Ewww, who tongue kisses an 8 year old child ? Where do these evil men/ women come from? Have you met said uncle again since you became an adult or do you keep him out of your life entirely?
@ African Mami: your enthusiasm reminds me of a dear friend of mine! it’s a breath of fresh air (I dont know anyone else who can start a comment with “yo” lol!) wow, your story about the young boy who was molested reminds me of all the countless young boys who are molested by men and women. It must be harder for them to talk about it bcos society just wont allow them to (men dont cry). If you’re a man reading this, did any man/ woman have sex with you before you turned 16? (age of consent in Gh, you ca modify it to suit your country).
@ Nana Akosua: whew! thank God you were able to escape. and twice! that’s just a miracle. eii, you sound like you were a very strong child! sadly, it’s true, molestation is a huge issue in our society. (possibly it’s getting more reported now?). Nana A, why do you think molestation happens so much in our society (where people are always complaining about ‘modern & western perversions’). why are there not a lot of pastors & politicians speaking out against molestation the way they’re always complaining about homosexuality?
Ine, that was a horrible thing that happened to you and your sister. i’m truly sorry about it. it’s unfortunate that your mom refuses to address it. i never told my mom cos i knew she’d blame me (at least a little). it’s sad bt the women i’ve disclosed this to never address it seriously. my pastor’s wife said since i enjoyed parts of the abuse i shd pray to God 4 forgiveness. my bff said she thinks i hv exaggerated the abuse. my female relative said i’m to blame if he molests another person cos i did not tell anyone. why do you think we women are sometimes the least sympathetic towards victims of abuse?
This Easter, I’ve spent a lot of time, trying to understand the story. Every part of my being wants to believe that someone very important loved me so much, He gave me His crown and put on my rags. I don’t mean to be religious here but this has been the most comforting story I have ever heard. I am male. Introduced to penetration sex by other children (girls) before I was 5. Escaped being raped by an uncle before I was 7. In my teenage years, I bragged about being a player, I didn’t know I was a victim. For a long time in my life, I turned to porn when I was depressed. In spite of all the arguments for it, I felt ashamed after watching them. Part of my shame stemmed from knowing deep down that most of the women in these movies, if not all, were victims like me, putting on an act. Pretending to be enjoying something they probably hate with a passion.
I believe most of these terrible relatives we’re reading about here were also victims when they were young.
A lot more parents need to know that the whole stranger-danger ideology is not that true. My wife is teaching our kids that if anybody, including me or her, touches their genitalia or asks them to do something weird, they should report.
Teach children to trust NO ONE and to report every little suspicion. Perverts tend to stay away from kids who spill every bean.
Fortunately for us, there is more than enough evidence to prove that the human spirit is strong and powerful enough to rise above the shame and pain that come with rape.
It was only last year that I believe women can also molest. Otherwise, I’ve always lived believing men are the only perpetrating gender……..this woman oo, RAPED a young boy and infected him with HIV/AIDS!!!!———–>The whole time I was hyperventilating reading the story. A woman who has GIVEN BIRTH to her own, and yet she has the audacity to commit such an atrocity! Woi. God help this earth oo, because I honestly believe that the devil has been unleashed for his 1000 years of free roaming.
Aside: There is this man of God oo, who said he was unleashed in 1991!! Don’t laugh. This was said during a witchcraft intervention-I BELIEVE OO!
So I saw this post last night and had to ignore it as I was in such a foul mood, I would have gone off in a rant with some choice expletives to go with… I am male and I’ve never been abused, neither do I know anyone who has but to say that abusing children (esp sexually) gets me mad, wud be vying for Understatement of the Decade. I have tried to fathom the depravity of the mind that wud warrant such but I am still at a loss. A few years ago, a story broke about a man who raped his 5 year old grand daughter over and over, that he punctured her birth canal such that there was an opening there between her BC and her rectum… Oh, and he didn’t end there, he infected her with HIV..(My apologies for the above this morning) but I lost my appetite for all things good, from food to sex… I felt sick… I tried seeking out an avenue to get aid across to the child, I couldn’t find any…I can’t imagine that happening to my daughter, it wud be double tragedy as she wud have been abused and wud also have to grow up without her father as I’ll be languishing in some prison for murder… Is it just me who thinks such fools shud be kept in prison cells that are so small, they’d have to squat as opposed to stand or lie?? So that they come out crippled and with ineffective backs, with fingers broken and pounded to pulp?? Ok,I’m all worked up already so maybe I shud stop here… However, my heart goes out to you all who have experienced such wickedness, prayers are with you, that you find peace and live life to the fullest so as to shame those agents of the devil…Have a blessed week ahead… Oh, great!!! Just heard on the news there’s a 24 year old lady who’s being denied food and meds by her family ‘cos she’s HIV positive… Great, just great!!! Thanks for ruining my morning!!!
My sister’s childhood was filled with hospital stays and visits to the doctor. She ‘didn’t have blood’ was what we were all told. It wasn’t until I was full grown that I found out that dhe had gotten some infection, which was so bad, they feared for her fertility. The worst part was that these paedophiles were let back into our home by our mother. And No I don’t understand it either. Is it any wonder my sis spent her childhood as a tomboy, absolutely refusing to wear anything other than short and pants, constantly fighting neighbourhood boys. I do not understand this kind of christianity/forgiveness. You forgive and then bring the perp back in for a potential round 2? If that is the ‘gate fee’, I may not enter heaven.
E.Scrooge I felt like u were talking 4 me,I feel absolutely sick when I read abt defilement cases esp done to 4-10yr olds!what the heck is wrong?it gets me totally red wiv rage!
@Ine:I’m in biwildment abt ur mum,is she ‘normal?'(Sorry,don’t mean 2 insult).did she really carry ur sis for 9months,cloth &nurture her?which mother blatantly ignores such a heinous crime?and let’s the perp get away wiv it?my neighbor’s 4yr old child is still carried @ the back sometimes so I cannot for the life of me imagine how ur mother let this slide!!gosh ur sis was still a baby,she needed protection.oooh dear I’m getting emotional here so I got to stop but trust me ur mum is one sick sick woman!she needs to be checked into a mental hospital!ur sis was found in a pool of blood,what more did she need 2 see b4 she took action?aaarrrrgggghh
When i’m feeling alone, unlucky n selfish, there’s always this voice in my head that says “u hv no idea how lucky u r u’ve never been raped”.
I mean, I grew up in an unhappy home, promiscious father, provided 4 me but never bonded with me emotionally, n i’m so messed up.
I really admire women hu do not let trauma like this stop them, cos i still cant get over my minor one.
ABENA, we must have been seperated @ birth!!! I just had to exercise restraint not to read INE’s comment twice ‘cos I might have ended up taking out my anger on some innocent person beside me… I don’t know who I blame, her mother, the ladies or other members of her “family”… Not saying I will myself but if she were to pass on details of dat “uncle” of hers, he’ll be found in a pool of his blood, puke and every other body secretion possible… I know a guy!!!
I have a girlfriend who was raped around age 15 and this is affecting our relationship soo much we are on the brink of breakup. She exhibit a lot of the behaviors Ekuba mentioned.
I have tried very much to accept her and love her even more because I know its not her fault but she keeps pushing me away with her behavior. She will later apologise saying she is still trying to deal with it.
Am wondering how long I can stick around. but I really love her and it breaks my heart for all that she’s going tru.
@Ekuba, hmmm maybe cos i summarised the events it made it look like i was so strong but at the time i didnt think so at all. The man who tried to rape me at 10yrs old actually caught me alone in the house one mid morning and tried to carry out his threat. My godmother whom i lived with at the time had gone out and i was home alone. When i heard the main gates opening, i thought she had returned, i peeped through the curtains i saw bra Osei as we used to call him entering the house… my instincts told me to lock the main kitchen door which would have been his access into the house, which i did immediately. When he realised the door was locked he said i should let him in cos he wanted to drink ‘iced water’. I told him they had a fridge in the boys quarters he should go get his water there. He got angry and started screaming ‘herr se w’anbie pono no na me force bia, me di wo basa basa’ literally ‘ if you don’t open this door and i’m able to force my way in, i will rape you violently’. At that age, i didnt know i had so much expletives in my vocabulary, i really gave him a tongue lashing, which infuriated him the more. Well as God will have it, he couldnt break the door open and my older cousin came home not long after. I reported bra Osei’s actions to her and she threatened to tell my godmother if he ever bothers me again. Until he moved out of that house i was very wary of him and he hated the very sight of me. My godmother used to ask him why he detested me so and his answer was that i was a saucy child… well!!
To answer your 2nd ques, paedophiles have always been amongst us and most of teh time, it is people we know and trust…i think thanks to DOVVSO and other Human Rights orgs, people have become more aware of it and are reporting such cases more and more…
I couldnt tell my mum about both incidences and i never told my godmother either b’cos i was afraid of being scolded. and tht is how paedophiles get away with their lewd acts, they know children won’t tell and even if they do, they won’t be believed.
i have a 4yr old son and a 2yr old daughter. My son knows that if anyone touches his ‘willy’ or tries anything funny around his genitalia, he should immediately report to mummy. My daughter is also being educated along the same lines. Our parents never had such conversations with us. I was brought up by my mum and we never had any sex talk…i learnt everytjing i knew through friends and reading… sad situation but tht is the reality!!
Kinkidi, I’m very sorry you were also molested. Turning to porn when you’re depressed is not peculiar to male victims of abuse. I’ve struggled and still struggle with it. Whenever I’m tempted, I try to use a better way to ‘fix’ my depression. Sometimes I succeed, sometimes I fail- better days ahead. On the brighter side, you’ve done well to teach your children to speak up about abuse. You are a good father!
@ E Scrooge, thanks for supporting and empathising with all survivors of sexual abuse who have posted here. As for the reason why people molest other people, I have no idea at all. I just know that a significant portion of victims of molestation also go on to abuse others (sexually, emotionally, verbally, physically etc) and that is why we must all work to break the cycle.
Child abuse is totally horrendous and my heart goes out to all who have suffered such horrors. I hope that there is accessible mental health care for the survivors.
Ine, it appears that you & your sister have really been through a lot! How sad and unfortunate. It makes me truly happy that you’re moving on after all of this. I hope the day will come when people do not force survivors of abuse to ‘forgive’ their perpetrators but will rather seek justice (afterall, God is forgiving but he’s also just)
@ Pink: I’m glad that you were not subjected to any form of abuse. Something tells me that even if it had happened to you, you would have risen above it because you are a very strong woman. It is not easy to overcome living in an unhappy home and not being able to bond with your father. I hope that if you choose to set up a home (in future), yours will be filled with lots of love & joy.
@ For de where: i’m very sad to hear that your girlfriend was raped when she was 15. I personally understand how hard it must be for her and why she keeps pushing you away and coming back. You sound like a caring boyfriend who wants to help her in anyway you can. Unfortunately, this is a situation where only she can help herself (with the assistance of trained professional). Why don’t you sit her down for a chat and let her know how much you love her and how badly these emotional issues are interfering with your relationship? Then you can encourage her to see a psychologist. Psychologists in Ghana do not generally advertise their services. However, any medical doctor can refer her to a psychologist so she could go to a hospital, see a doctor and ask to be referred. I really hope this helps and I wish both of you all the very best in your relationship.
@ Abena: totally understand your anger at the mothers of sexual abuse victims who do not report the perpetrators. I have no idea why they do that. My psychologist told me that often, some of these mothers who act this way are also victims of abuse and they feel helpless when their children are also molested (which is why they may ‘turn to God’ and say ‘let’s all forgive and forget’) it’s quite sad really.
@ Nana Akosua: You are the second parent who’s posted here and said that you’ve had the ‘important conversation’ about sex with your children and encouraged them to speak up about abuse. Kudos to you all! You’re the new faces of parenting in Africa. i’m confident that you’re raising confident children who will not hide but will speak up when there is something wrong with our society.
@ Kofi Ametewee: Can i be honest? Please pardon me all medical docs and pschologists/ psychiatrists reading this- Accessing mental care is hell in Ghana, especially for victims of abuse. There is little motivation for docs, least of all psychologists & psychiatrists, so they are few in Ghana to start with. Getting to see one is like searching for the holy grail. I had to go from doctor to doctor, begging to be referred to a psychologist- all the while, being made to tell my ‘sad rape story’ to these doctors and their nurses. Finally, i got a psychologist but he’s so busy that i had to wait for months to see him. How do you think we can make mental care more accessible to victims, Kofi?
And on that score, if you’re a lawyer reading this, how do you think we can help victims of rape/ defilement access justice? Cos my friend was raped 2 years ago and her case has not even began in court, they keep calling & postponing the case everyday. Worse yet, the court is small & crowded so she has to sit very close to her rapist’s family and friends everyday and they make all kinds of derogatory remarks. It’s like everyday she goes to court, she’s raped all over again.
Sweet Jesus this is a mess! Seeing as there are so few psychologist in Ghana to deal with this matter, do you think an interim fix might be to start support groups for these men and women, sort of like AA? Sometimes the hardest buy most rewarding part is talking about it with a sympathetic ear, particularly if you’ve been rebuffed by your own family and told to ‘give it to God’.
To answer your question: I saw my uncle often after that, but kept my distance. I never told my parents because my dad and this uncle were very close and I knew my dad would kick his ass. I didn’t want to be the cause of that. Children’s shoulders are too small to carry these weights. Ine: your mom. SMDH
@ Ine-COTTAMN! I don’t think there aren’t enough expletives to express my rage! But out of the respect of your mother-I’ll keep that to myself, but forreal COTTAMN! WTFUGGERS?!
@ EScrooge-We are fraternal twins!!!! Your story is PRECISELY why I HATE SOUTH AFRICA, and the CONGO!!!!!! —————>sorry if you are from any of these countries, I’ve been hating the systems for years!
Grown motherlovers defiling BABIES, infecting them with HIV/AIDS and being allowed to live. Your solution is a prison cell. My solution is cutting their penis off ! It should be cut into tiny pieces!!!!! It is used as a weapon of mass destruction. I remember in the mid 90s there were a lot of rape cases in SA, of minors and babies as grown IDJOTS tried to cure themselves of HIV/AIDS by defiling and rupturing the reproductive systems of babies. In the Congo, multiple soldiers RAPE women, infecting them with HIV/AIDS. When interviewed and asked about their mundane behavior they just laugh it off.
I WEEP FOR AFRICA!!!! This subject is emotional, I don’t think I have any sense of logic when it comes to this!
I don’t pretend to know the answer to the question you asked me, but I hope what you are doing here will spur the formation of some interest group that will bring the matter to the public attention and persuade the authorities to ensure that these services are provided. As I said above, this is a “hope”.
Ekuba, you are right from what mum said, she has been raped 3 times. One of them was her own older brother. She didn’t elaborate further, in fact it sort of just burst out in the course of saying “a lot of people are raped, some even by their own fathers”. Basically she was saying we are not unique and to just give over to God and get over it. I realised then that that was her way of coping with it. By simply not dwelling on it and pretending it never happened. Like by letting them back in, everything was solved. I asked my sister if anyone ever sat her down to talk about or explain what happened, or even just to say sorry, she said never! He did however fly down here with his newly pregnant wife to ask my sister’s forgiveness. She told him to go to hell and that she would never forgive him. He now has 3 kids. I wonder if he guards them from pervs like him, or if that is his own private ‘crop’. @ E Scrooge I was tempted to give u his detail. He is so proud of his managerial and church positions, braggin all over facebook. @ Africa, Abena, Malaka, E Scrooge etc who can’t understand mums behaviour, believe me sis gave her all the insults. It is sad becos it should never have come to that, but she burries her head in the sand and hopes all would have blown over by the time she resurfaces, forgetting that as a parent it is your responsibility to protect your child, even kill if necessary (now I know why I loved ‘a time to kill’ so much). Kudos to all teaxhing their kids to tell. I told everything but THAT! Why the shame, when I couldn’t have known better? Ekuba I wish you could meet my sister. You might be good for each other.
This topic of child or young people molestation draws the angst in me.You see most of these men and sometimes women , who prey on these children and adolescents have an underlying problem and it is this’ they lack confidence.I mean the sexual confidence to tackle women or men their age, persons who they know will give them ‘tough’ time. Women who will demand something higher, women who will demand and examine critically their trust. Children and teenagers are fairly innocent of the cunning ways of the world, most of them them have not explored their sexuality or don’t even know that it exists.So these people take advantage of their innocence, lack of knowledge of the cunning ways of this world. My experiences of the cunning ways of these predators are legion so I don’t trust anyone near my children.Keep a critical and if you have knowledge of the workings of the minds of these perverts, you can help plant children and adolescents out of harms way
Can you imagine a daddy’s friend who was one of the people who held you at your christening ceremony waiting for your mature around 14yrs and having sex with you till you were 20.(This was a planned move like petting her, giving innocent pecks on her cheeks, buying her little presents, taking her to the shopping alone even though she had other siblings, occassionally touching her developing boobs and nipples. Then giving the impression to the adolescent girl ‘this is our special something nobody should know about’.By the time she penetrated the girl at about 16yrs like she told me ” my hormones were raging and I was so ready to be penetrated it I didn’t see it coming.Worst of all this hypocrite and backstabber of a friend was hailed in the home of his unsuspecting friend as a special uncle and sweetheart of the girl.
Or the young house help of 23 who introduced this young boy of 10 yrs and continued to have sex with him until 10 yrs later.
Or this 12 yr old girl who came back to pick something from school and in the absence of her grandmother with whom she lived with was tricked and made “pasaa” by this co-tenant of theirs.
Or this lady who was introduced to lesbian sex by her distant aunt, who everyone thought just treated her like her daughter because she had only a son.They continue to have lesbian sex 30yrs later and her aunt is still unmarried and the lady’s marriages on 2 occassions have broken down because of the input the aunt continues to make into the sexual life from the background.Nobody suspects her.
Or this young boy who at 13 was raped by his male cousin and coerced into group gay sex by his cousin, who was then 22 and was at one of our universities.
Or this 8 yr old, whose daddy then divorced from her mother, used to leave her with “a good and trusted male friend’ so he could go to work.This male friend was married and had 2 kids of his own aged 5 and 10.The idea was for her to play with them and have company. One day she was tired and as usual decide to take a nap in the children’s room. She woke up to find out she had been penetrated and lying in the daddy’s trusted friend’s bedroom. Her playmates were nowhere to be found.Her daddy’s trusted friend had cunningly sent his own children to buy vendor food ‘waakye’ for the way to be cleared to him perpetuate his dastardly act.
These are all acts that have been pervasive in our society and embedded into our underground sub-sex culture.It is not actively frowned upon and some times some adults consider it a legitimate way to introduce children and adolescents into sex. A friend of mine who had been born into this sub culture used to perpetuate this thinking in this saying “Wohu akwaada twe a, hwe” a transliteration will be ” if you see a little girl’s cunt , look, don’t ignore it” Suggesting it is a fair game for a fuck. Like the Nigerians say we constantly need to shine our eyes as part of the tools for tackling this problem.Of course when they are caught they should be prosecuted and jailed but I think we should constantly keep our eyes open and ears on the ground because when they are caught much of the damage will already have been done.
@Ekuba and All – Ekuba thanks for sharing your experiences with us. When we first exchanged emails on this subject I assured you that sadly too many people will empathise with this. And that I suspect that the majority of people have been victims of sexual abuse (including myself).
I think we all need to consider what happens next. Some clear strategies have already been stated through various comments:
* Teaching children about sex and sexuality at an early age (has this been said? I think its been implied)
There are also a number of women’s rights organisations that may be able to offer support. My friend Fiona on Facebook suggested contacting ‘The Ark Foundation’ and ‘Women’s Initiative for Self Empowerment’ (WISE). These are organisations that I also know very well. I think its also worth considering the issue of redress. Sometimes that is a good way to move on although it is an extremely challenging process. Some people may want to consider speaking to FIDA or DOVSU (if you’re in Ghana).
What other resources exist? Maybe together we can build a database of support for people who survive rape/sexual abuse and that can be a permanent page on this blog. I would want that resource to be Pan-African though…as you all know people who read the blog come from across the continent and beyond.
I support the database idea-Now let’s brainstorm as to how best it can be started an implemented. We are known as the people who talk the talk but never walk it.
@AfricanMami – Haha! Maybe I’m the exception to the rule then…trust me, I always walk my talk hence the existence of ‘Adventures’. Its simple to put together a database. Everybody can email adventuresfrom[at]gmail.com with the list of organisations that work on issues of rape/sexual abuse. Include the full name of the organisation, address (if it can be revealed), email, telephone number and website, and any personal recommendations of the organisation. I or Abena will then compile all the entries into one list and we upload as a PDF or permanent page on this site.No long tings abi?
Malaka, LOVE your idea about forming a mutual aid/ self help group for survivors of sexual abuse. I’m definitely going to look into that. More about that later…
Ine, it’s very sad that your mom went through the same mess and thrice too. It seems like the abuse has become a pattern in her family and i wish she could have broken up that pattern by speaking out against it. I wish I could meet your sister too, she’s such a courageous survivor! Tell you what- I’ve been thinking about forming the self help group for survivors of abuse (like Malaka said) where survivors could communicate online (probably on a blog page) or even meet up from time to time to if we want to. If this took off really well, such groups could provide some kind of support for young/ fresh victims of molestation in their communities and even become a sort of pressure group/ advocacy platform to press society & government to provide better mental care & health care facilities for abuse victims (currently victims of defilement have to pay to get the medical form). I’d be delighted if you emailed me on ekubabentil@gmail.com so we could discuss all this. You sound like a kindred spirit 🙂
@ Syncato, the anecdotes you have just related show that unfortunately, child molestation is something that goes on a lot in our community. As for your friend’s comment about seeing a little girl’s c**t, that’s just sick. Do you think he meant little girl literally or he was using it metaphorically and meant young woman? As you know, some Ghanaian musicians who have sang about ‘dating little children’ later clarified that they were referring to young women (like obuor when he sang konkotiba and there’s a line in lapaz toyota where guru refers to liking ‘nkoraa’ aka little kids) Do you guys all think it’s cool for musicians to sing about being with children? (albeit figuratively)
Nana Darkoa, and how right you were! Unfortunately. God help me but when you said there were many survivors of molestation (like you and me) I only half believed you- till I read all these sad stories on this blog. And I know there are many more people with equally terrible experiences who may read this but not necessarily comment. I think your idea for a database of support for survivors of sexual abuse (rape and molestation) is a fabolous idea. I have realized that it could double as a self help group like Malaka suggested. I’ve been thinking about it all day and will put up a comment soon asking for specific suggestions. Thank you for the opportunity to share.
Thank you so much for reading this blog posting and sharing your experiences. For every survivor of rape/ molestation reading this my heart goes out to you. This page is going to be right here so please feel free to comment & talk about all the pain you’ve been keeping bottled up within you, whenever you’re ready. I hope you’ll feel a little unburdened as you do so.
I have decided that something good must come out of this blog posting so after receiving inspiration from Malaka & Nana Darkoah, I have decided to form a selfhelp group for survivors of sexual abuse/ database of support. I intend for it to be very low-key & discrete. We can start off with a page on this blog where we can discuss our struggles and achievements as survivors (anonymously of course).
With time, this page could double as a self help group where a bunch of us could meet up whenever we want to just to talk and offer each other support. As I was telling Ine, if all this takes off really well, who knows? in some years this group could start pressuring government and society for better assistance for survivors of abuse. I dream of a time when a victim of abuse will not have to pay GHC 50 (or has it increased?) to get a medical form to prove he/ she was raped. And when there will be several hotlines or short codes that a victim of molestation can contact & be immediately assisted. I’m sure you dream of that too.
Please contact Nana on this blog or email me at ekubabentil@gmail.com if you would want this to take off. I would be so grateful for any suggestions you can give. If I get at least ten people to contact Nana or me & express interest in such a page/ group, I shall start working on it immediately.
@Ekuba – You go girl! Happy to offer you a page on this site for the self help group for survivors of violence. Lets chat more via email
This is my first comment on this blog, though I have been a silent follower for quite sometime. I must say for a moment, I felt like the writer was telling my story. I was sexually molested by my big brother’s friend when I was only 6. This continued for almost a year. Although he never penetrated, he would finger me continously and touch my breasts (if I could call those tiny spots then that) until he came. When he travelled abroad, it ceased temporarily until a male family friend resumed from where he left off. Till now,I dont know why I never told my parents. I was brought up in a very strict and religious home and I am sure this was part of the reason. I was also never particularly close to either parent. I had only an older brother.
At the age of 10, I had started masturbating constantly. I think I secretly enjoyed being molested too, and I felt ashamed to realise this. I started viewing porn at 15 and I have been addicted ever since. I had my first consensual sex encounter at 23 and though I enjoy sex, I have never been able to climax except through self-stimulation. At 27, I have had three long term relationships, and a number of one night stands in between. I love sex and I could probably have it everyday, but my boyfriend doesn’t know this. He believes I am a prude, if only he knew I masturbate often to supplement what he gives me.
I have never confided in anyone and I thought about seeing a psychologist for a while. But I am yet to gather the courage to do so. Besides, I dont really know how he/she can help. I do not hate men, although I have strong feminist views. I have quite a successful career and my relationship is going well. I do not have many friends though because I always felt I was different from other girls because of what had been done to me. I struggled with self-esteem issues when growing up, but I feel I have overcome that stage now. My only issue is whether to open up to my current boyfriend as we are planning to marry. I feel is a secret I can keep forever and still live normally if only none of the molesters surface again in my life. I dont want to risk the chance that he will either find it too much to deal with or look at me with pity for the rest of my life.
Dear Ama, WE are glad WE drew you out of your shell and got you to comment 🙂 Let me start by saying that i am so very sorry you had to go through what you went through. I’m grateful that you’ve found the courage to move on. I am very happy that you had the courage to share your experiences. I am sure it will encourage another survivor. I am going to break up what I have to say into a sequence of comments so that they’ll be easier to read ok? (i don’t want to write a thesis lol)
@ Ama: you mentioned that you crave sex daily and have to supplement by masturbating. There’s nothing wrong with loving sex. I’m happy that you have a healthy sexual appetite. You see, for us survivors of sexual abuse, we tend to use sex as a crutch. We turn to it when we’re sad or angry or confused or even happy. That is the problem that has to be fixed. We have to develop more wholesome things to turn to when we go through these emotions like writing, singing, meeting with people, reading, cooking… you catch my drift.
@ Ama: i’m very sorry that after the abuse you’ve not been able to orgasm through sex. I’m not a trained pscyhologist but my therapist told me some causes of anorgasma (bein unable 2 orgasm ) in victims of sexual abuse.
1. They may sub-consciously be avoiding orgasms because they feel guilty or are afraid of sex. When you feel yourself on the edge of a climax, breathe in and breathe out and ‘let yourself go’ even if it feels 2 intense. Dont worry if you cry the first few times ok? it often gets better, slowly.
2. Sexual abuse can cause you to develop certain fantasies which your boy or hubby may not be meeting. For eg. when i masturbate, i fantasize about my uncle abusing me or someone humiliating me while having sex with me (eg. spanking me or calling me a slut). Sadly, sometimes, even thinking abt other people being humiliated causes me to climax. I had to develop alternate fantasies and learn how to climax through them. Additionally, i learnt to tell my boyfriend to be a little ‘rough’ during sex and talk dirty etc and all that helped.
3. Being molested may have taught you to take whatever you get during sex because the one who raped you didnt ask for your opinion. Therefore, when you start having sex, you are less likely than other women who have not been abused to tell your partner exactly what gets you off. Since you can orgasm through masturbation you already know how you like to be touched. Take time and show your boyfriend.
I understand your doubts about seeing a psychologist. Everyone heals from sexual abuse differently. A few very robust people can recover from war, accidents and traumas by themselves. Most people need some help. A psychologist will not erase your pain or solve or your issues but he/ she will assist you to analyze your past and decide how to forge on. It can be very helpful. If you’d like to see a psychologist email me on ekubabentil@gmail.com and we can discuss how you can access one ok?
Lots of love . PS: Ine and Juliet, if you happen to read this, I would love to hear from you and see how you’re doing. You can email me anytime you want. Best wishes
@ Nana Darkoa: Awww, thank you. I’ve spent this week reading about self-help groups and talking to some professionals (African Mami gave me that tip). Will email you once my ‘research’ is complete. hugs & kisses
awwwww!!!! hugs, kisses and smooches to you dearie. I am all for seeing my African people progressing in all avenues of life. That’s where I get my high from!
@Ekuba and African Mami – Hugs and Kisses to you both. I am happy that Adventures can be a platform to help my sisters. Thank you both and everyone who participates for making it work
This post left me feeling ‘eaten-up’ inside! It’ll take a while to digest it though, but I’m glad something good came out of it.
The ‘stories’ of abuse make me wonder though; could west Afrika (Ghana) be so different from the south (where I live). I mean I can’t begin to imagine how something so atrocious could be so widespread. I wonder if child molestation and abuse might be just as prevalent in the south of our continent (once the people ‘come out’). WHERE did it all come from? Where did it begin? Our so-called culture?
I’ve probably always hated this subject; being so bewildered by it. I say this because the post appeared on the day of my first visit to this site, and I didn’t read it. My mindset was on a whole different level that brought me here in the first place; curiosity (about women), and something of a ‘guilty’ pleasure! (My mind is conditioned, perhaps by religion, to feel guilty about even being aroused; or reading an arousing tale)
I am a male. I’ve never been physically sexually abused; or even know anyone who has. (not even raped). I say physically because I am reminded of something that did happen to me as a child. Please don’t think I am comparing this minor issue to the very serious ones above. When I was a child, through different mediums and other children, I was introduced to the idea of sex. I remember seeing a very graphic ‘girly’ magazine, probably before I was ten. I was visiting a friend, and he and his cousin had found it in some communal dustbin space. They showed it to me; we looked through it, and they were laughing. They showed me where they would keep it; under the carpet, under a bed, in their spare bedroom. I remember some days later going to my friends house. He wasn’t their. They were close family friends, but that didn’t give me the right to go into the house (the maid was there), crawl under the bed, and look at that magazine by myself. The images were of naked white women with their legs spread apart, showing their hair (!) and everything else. I completely didn’t understand! (From my memory I think those women even had testicles!) I think I’ve been obsessed with sexual images since then, or a short while after…
Even in Botswana its hard to see a psychiatrist. I was once referred to one, when I asked my doctor to. I had the psychiatrist’s phone number from a time when one visited our art exhibition, which was about healing through art. I think I still have the referral letter (from almost 5 years ago). He never answered his phone; that’s if it was ever switched on at all. I still have that problem I wanted to see him about. It’s a sexual issue. What’s the difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist? Does any of you know? I think it has something to do with that a psychiatrist studies the same biology that a physician does at school. So a psychiatrist knows about the processes of the body AS WELL as the mind.
I didn’t mean to be that long! Here’s something else I know. @ Ekuba (& maybe Amma), it’s impossible to have an orgasm by yourself! Ejaculate and climax yes. But orgasm has a spiritual side to it, someone else has to be involved! Ekuba used the word ‘orgasm’, Amma just said climax…
just like i did in Amma’s case, i’m going to try and reply your comment in a series of text messages so i don’t write a ‘thesis’ lol! Let me start by saying that i’m so sorry about your experience as a child. Sadly, what happened to you amounts to molestation. You see, molestation happens whenever a child is introduced to sex at a tender age through any form(whether he/she is encouraged to watch porn or being touched inappropriately or raped or kissed etc.)
Congratulations on trying to see a psychologist about this issue. please don’t give up ok? i’m sure if you persevere, you’ll be able to get professional help.
Please don’t see your unfortunate experience as minor. Every abuse is abuse and you have as much right as every other survivor of abuse to get healed from what happened to you and to receive the support you need in doing so.
You mentioned that you feel guilty about sex and things related to sex are a guilty pleasure. i’m no psychologist but i suggest that your guilt is not due to religion alone. I’m sure most survivors of molestation who have gallantly shared their experiences here would agree with me that one of the effects of molestation is that it can make you feel guilty about sex. You crave sex ALL the time but after you get it you feel awful and guilty about it. Do you still struggle with porn? Most abuse survivors struggle with a porn addiction and I’m an example of that but it can be overcome with professional help (and most religious survivors have found praying to be helpful).
As for whether or not a person who masturbates can achieve ‘orgasm’ i leave it to the other readers of this blog to debate and decide! lol. I read some ‘small’ biology in secondary school and i remember orgasm being defined as the peak of sexual pleasure so i’ve always thought orgasms can occur both in masturbation and sex with another person. As for the ‘spiritual side’ of orgasms hmmm. one of my pastors said when you masturbate, it means you’re having sex with the devil so i don’t know if that means the devil is the ‘someone else’ who’s involved when you have masturbate. i’ve been a ‘bad christian’ (as you can see from the stories i’ve bn writing on this blog, lol) so i don’t know about these spiritual things anymore. Someone help me out! What do y’all think?
My mouth is ajar Ekuba. Your pastor said when you masturbate you’re having sex with the devil. What a load of hog wash! Mtchewww
@Nana – you suck your teeth, but this is widely taught! I don’t know if it is just in Christianity or if other religions teach it to. The idea is that if you are not engaged in a physical act with another party that is physically there, you must surely be imagining someone being there as you masturbate. That means that you are inviting spirits into a sexual act…and I guess those spirits are devils. Surely angels don’t participate in masturbation.
It’s not a new idea. I mean, just a few decades ago it was taught in mental institutions that only the mentally infirm masturbated!
My belt hurts me with this metal buckle, poking into my navel. At least I think this is my navel. I’ll tell you something else that hurts me; this seemingly incessant urge to urinate, that hardly seems to go away; no matter how many times I go to the loo. Sometimes it keeps me up at night. getting up every ten minutes to go to the toilet. The doctor says my prostate (and every other internal organ) is normal; and that I should drink a lot of water!
Whenever I get tired of this feeling, even the memory of it, I get the sexual urge. Except that it’s not someone else I long for, I get an urge to masturbate. Not in the conventional way, I sleep with my pillow. Masturbation is as close to sex as I’ve ever known at 35. It is all my body remembers as leading to the pleasure and release of a climax. It’s not good for men to masturbate excessively. It can be detrimental to their health I hear masturbation is harmless for women; wether they do it excessively or not…
Yeah, I have a problem with porn. I don’t like it! But I often end up using it. I usually start out looking for gorgeous images of women, on the net, in magazines (even non-porn ones; whatever is available, nowadays it’s not hard to find a picture of a beautiful woman in a short dress, or tight, or revealing clothing, a women’s magazine, or a fashion magazine).
Sometimes when I google ‘gorgeous ebony women’, I end up getting a whole string of pornsites. Then I might see a (spread) vagina, that’s usually where the porn begins. The lady might still be beautiful, and black. Then later on, while I’m enjoying myself, I might see pictures of teenagers, or white men fucking black women… I really do hate porn. Get the idea? There’s a difference between glamour and porn. They’re both made for men’s entertainment though. I hate to imagine what women would look at. Probably some unrealistic he-man with a pretty face and long hair…often not even black (just one white man is too often) .
I can’t resort to conventional sex because I have this unpleasant looking condition on my penis. Like a ringworm, or a ring of tiny ‘sores’ which ‘don’t hurt’. The doctor said it’s just a different physical appearance, and not a disease; ‘like freckles’. I don’t believe her. I wasn’t born like that. I used to get a tiny, extremely painful sore on the tip of my penis whenever I watched adult television (and pulled out my penis) before I even knew how to masturbate. Now I have thousands of ‘sores’. They never DID used to hurt. I got them all when I went to boarding school , and wouldn’t change my underwear after I came in it after masturbating; humping my soft bed, or a pillow with my clothes on. I used to masturbate to fall asleep… every night. And everyday. I went to boarding school when I was thirteen. The doctor said I couldn’t get like that from masturbating. She doesn’t know how I masturbate. Some defenitions say I’m a para-phile, one who’s sexually attracted to inanimate objects. It’s not the objects I’m attracted to; it’s the gorgeous women. I just never met one who loved me…
I wonder if I’m through… The sores appeared within the space of one week. I always thought they’d disappear (as quickly as they appeared) the day I stopped masturbating. I never DID stop masturbating.
I never did stop, that is ecxept when I was about 24 years old, and ‘very close to God’. In 1999, I wouldn’t as much as look at people kissing on television for fear of being ‘guilty’ of being aroused! I abstained for twelve whole months, and more. My condition never did ‘heal’. I simply had to look when ‘The Thong Song’ came on television. I gave in to masturbation. I can confidently say THAT’S the day the pain started. The insatiable urge to urinate.
I sometimes wonder what a REAL sexual urge feels like. All I know is this pain… I hate to masturbate, it get’s me really down. But I can’t seem to stop. Sometimes I think I given it up. I can go two, three weeks evn two months. Once when I was living away from home, I abstained for several months.
Do you know what they say. They say the sexual urge reches it’s peak between 25 and 45 years of age. That’s terrible news for me. It means I thought I was spiritually strong when I was 20, and managed to conquer my ‘vice’. Little did I know that the greatest desire level was still to come! They say a man at that age is capable of doing things that even a child wouldn’t do! – Chronic masturbation ruined my career. I’m in danger of becoming a chronic invalid! Sometimes I stay up the whole night trying to catch a feeling. Then I can’t go to work the following day (though I’m self-’employed’) I must owe a few months worth of hours of sleep!
Do you know anything about yoga and chakras? Apparently, the spiritual side of an orgasm is that energy shoots out from your crown chakra and then re-enters your body via your base chakra; balancing all of your energy levels as it does so. Apparently sex is the best way to balance your chakras. The other way is to practice yoga and meditation. The energy thing doesn’t occur when you masturbate. That’s probably because there is no-one (other than yourself) there giving you physical ‘love’. You might imagine all those people, but sometimes they don’t even know you exist. Could you really say they were there in spirit (unless you told them about it)…
“Those who hath learned to know themselves, hath reached that Good which doth transcend any abundance of physical existence, but they who through a love that leads astray, expend their love upon their body, they stay in darkness, wandering and suffering through their senses, things of anxiety, unrest and Death” – Ancient Egyptian Mystical Wisdom Teaching
Those who hath learned to know themselves, hath reached that Good which doth transcend abundance; but they who through a love that leads astray, expend their love upon their body; they stay in Darkness wandering and suffering through their senses things of Death” – Ancient Egyptian Mystical Wisdom Teaching
I call this pain, or any recent memory of it, a ‘sexual-urge’ because ‘pleasure is better than pain’. But pleasure comes at a cost. Semen makes up the very essence of a man’s vitality, the very shine in his eyes. And if it’s not replaced by exchange of a partners bodily fluids, and wasted too much, it can be detrimental. The other thing is that masturbation might actually be the root CAUSE of the ‘pain’! That’s probably why I’m in so much pain right now. I masturbated again in the night…
Zeebu, I’m very sorry that you’ve been facing these health challenges. The Egyptian teaching you quoted is very beautiful! You seem like a very spiritual person &i hope i can be as spiritual as you are 🙂
I know nothing about the spiritual side of masturbation. however, speaking from a scientific point of view only, I know that the current scientific position is that masturbation doesnt cause ANY illness if it is done under hygienic conditions. This is what your doctor has been trying to tell you.
I understand why you think your medical condition is caused by masturbation. You see, before i got a boyfriend & started having sex, i used to turn to masturbation & porn to satisfy my sexual urges. Some time later, I fell very sick. So sick that now, i am slightly disabled and have an obvious physical deformity. I blamed my sickness on my ‘sins’ until I travelled to the US & tests were performed on me. It was discovered that my disease was genetic! it means i got it years before i started masturbating or watching porn. i spoke to my grandma who told me of a relative of mine who had the same rare condition i had. i met people who also had my condition. This settled my mind & i realized that i wasn’t being ‘punished’ for masturbating.
All i’m saying is that, Z, don’t give up. Seek a 2nd & 3rd opinion on your medical challenges. Read wide on your condition. I’m sure you’ll soon discover exactly what your condition is & the fact that it’s not related to anything you’ve done.
You know another reason why i’m sure your medical challenges are not linked to masturbation? Statistics say 90% of men masturbate. Most people have watched porn or watch it from time to time. Have you seen 90% of men walking around with your medical challenge? NO. wouldn’t it be a twisted world where you were the ONLY man singled out to be punished for masturbating by the forces that be?
Please don’t let your condition make you feel that no gorgeous woman wants you. Who told you! You’ll be surprised @ the women who may be secretely dying for you 🙂 Even with my very obvious deformity, i’m so confident that almost every day, I have a man asking me out. I take good care of myself and I believe that i’m beautiful so every1 believes it too! i’m sure if you confidently walked up to ladies regularly to ask them out, within 1 week, you’ll have a bevy of ladies swooning at your feet! trust me, what we ladies want is a real man who is confident in himself.
& dont worry abt the fact that you masturbate regularly etc. it means u r a healthy male with a appetite. most men satisfy their sexual urges by having sex frequently. i assume from all you’ve said that you’ve nt bn having sex frequently. when the time comes & u start having a very active sexual life, i bet you that you’ll even forget to masturbate or it wont satisfy u anymore!
your comment has encouraged me to write an article on Masturbation which i’m sending to Nana Darkoah. expect it to be out soo and i’ll be looking out for your comments on that article! lots of light and love
Just last year I ‘met’ some males on the net who have the same condition as I. But I think they were ALL white. I think all of them masturbate, though I’m not sure of their methodology. One of them even swore that he would NEVER quit masturbation! None of them reported any pain though. Later on when I was convinced that the condition is the very source of my ‘pain’, I decided that those others must be all youngsters. I had the condition since I was 13.
Apparently the condition is not a disease (according to Western doctors) but a different type of physical appearance, like I said above. Apparently, the only way to get rid of it is to have a laser treatment on the afflicted area. I once had a Sudanese looking Urologist (gynae for men!) beam an intense ray of light or heat onto my penis, as if trying to burn the tiny pimples away, but it was of little effect. I wouldn’t try THAT again.
The condition is scientifically known as Pearly Penile Papules (PPP). Interestingly enough, the name sounds like that of another virus, called Human Papilloma Virus (HPV). HPV is said to be the virus responsible for throat cancer. Last year it was published on the net that performing oral sex on a male, raises the chances of someone contracting the HPV virus! I feel like no woman would allow me to go into her looking how I look! As you can see the doctor I mentioned above in my earlier posts was a female. She said that it didn’t look too bad!
I do get relief from the pain sometimes, nowadays, I drink a lot of different herbs aimed at the prostate, etc. i can go for some time without feeling the need to urinate, even if I drink lots of water.
…And no, I’ve never had real sex! That is why only masturbation exists in my memory as intense sexual pleasure. But I don’t consider myself to be a virgin! In my book a virgin means to be pure and clean. I wouldn’t describe my solo escapades as pure and clean…
Dear Z, wow! i feel like i’m in biology class all over again. i had never heard of PPP & now i know abt it. we learn something new everyday! thank God that it’s not a disease although i’m sure it must be just as difficult to live with because it changes physical appearance.
dude, now, i’m even more convincecd that the condition wasnt caused by masturbation cos it’s bn scientifically diagnosed! and it has a scientific treatment (laser) & as u know some people recommend castor oil. besides, i don’t think the fact that most men who have PPP have masturbated b4 means that it is masturbation that causes PPP. these r my 2 lines of argument:
first, 90% of men masturbate (in fact other statistics say 99%). that’s like almost all men except a few ‘saintly’ ones. therefore logically,if almost ALL men masturbate, then almost ALL men who have PPP masturbate too! it makes sense right? it doesnt mean that’s what caused their PPP otherwise what about the billions of guys all over the world who masturbate & yet have no PPP?
second point is that since PPP changes the appearance of an intimate part of your body, it can make u self-conscious. when u r self conscious, u r likely 2 avoid having sex. however, ur sexual urges r stil there & need 2 b satisfied so what do u do? turn 2 masturbation! or porn! so a person who has PPP may be even more likely to masturbate but it doesnt mean this has anything to do with why he got the condition in the 1st place.
let me tell u something else. after i read ur comment, i went on youtube & viewed a video about PPP. they showed pics of penises that have PPP (to help men identify if they have it) & i saw a pic of an ‘advanced stage’ PPP. of course , i hadn’t seen that b4 so initially i was surprised but after like 5 seconds, it didnt move me anymore. it’s just like lots of bumps on the penis (right?) & it seems that when it’s not up close, like literally in ur face, u cant even really tell that there are bumps. i’ll have to go with ur female doc on this one, i don’t think it’s thaaat bad!
as for no girl allowing u to put ‘that’ inside her, u’d be amazed! i’d say try, try & try again then if u find noooo girl who’s willing 2 have sex with u cos of PPP, u can give up. or? but, infact, i’ll be soooo surprised if truly truly it turns out that after searching haaarrd, u still couldn’t find a single girl simply bcos of this condition. u c, several people with diverse physical challenges like victims of severe burns, quadraplegics & other people with deformities (like myself) etc. have accepted that they are sexy & beautiful, in spite of their challenges & they are now having banging love lives AND sex lives. so why shouldn’t u?
it seems that u’ve bn feeling quite down abt ur condition & other things (like the masturbation) so maybe it might be a good idea to start seeing the psychologist u talked abt in ur earlier posting? i sincerely wish u all the best and i’m looking 4ward 2 a day soon when u’ll tell me that u met a hot chick who didnt give a damn abt the fact that u hv PPP or any other challenges u hv. CHEERS!
I was molested. Three different people in about 6 or so years. I can’t talk about it. Two of them are still alive. One of them s an uncle.
The one that died? He went crazy and died alone in spite of his one million children I was happy about that.
Reading this thread is making me cry, but suffice to say, if anyone touched my son….I would stab them. I would stab them over and over and over. And then I will turn myself over to the law happily.
@Nnenna – I know its pretty meaningless but sending you cyber hugs and lots of love. Sadly too many of us empathise…
I’m terribly sorry for all that you have gone through. Great that you are protective about your son, because most of the time such protection is relegated to our daughters-which is quite understable and sort of don’t extend the same arm to our sons.
I’m so sorry. And three different men too! I’m so sad. No wonder you can’t talk about it. I hope that each day you get more healed from this horrible experience. When I read what you said about how perverts end up, it reminded me of the controversial topic of ‘forgiving the perpetrator’. I chose to forgive my abuser after I watched an Oprah show where she said “when you don’t forgive someone it’s like you take poison and expect them to die” & ‘forgiving someone doesnt mean excusing their actions or not holding them accountable. it means letting go of revenge & releasing bitterness’ . Then she featured a mother whose son was killed in South Africa (by white racists) & she forgave them. Whew! However, I also know people who decided not to forgive their abusers & they’re living productive lives. So I really cant tell whether those who choose to forgive their perpetrators are happier than those who dont ? What do you think? Have you ever considered forgiving those 3 guys? Is it an option you’ve taken or will ever take?
Thank you for this post. I was sexually abused by my uncle when I was 10 years old. I had fought with my parents one evening just before they went out and reducing me to tears before they left, my uncle asked me if he could make me feel better.
The secrets, the pleasure, the shame… I resent that I no longer feel like I can have a ‘normal’ sexual interaction. I’ve become incredibly good at faking it to the point I don’t think I have really enjoyed sex with another person.
He used to open the louvers to let the security man watch and once, after school, brought his brother and driver come and do it too. Told they had never done it before, I should let them try and make me feel good too.
I’m scared its damaged me too much. i’m scared that I’ll never be able to find the right man (or even if he exists). i’m scared that I should have fought. Just so much fear and not enough healing. I’m told its not my fault, but I don’t know. That’s just not how I feel.
I’m so sorry you were sexually abused by your uncle. It must be so painful for you that besides your uncle, all these other men joined in molesting you. I’m very very sorry about it and I hope that slowly, you find a way of getting healed from this terrible experience. I totally relate to the fact that you feel that it’s your fault although you’ve been told it’s not. This is typical in abuse cases where the abuser ‘grooms’ the victim before he molests him/ her.
Grooming simply means that the abuser befriends you, comforts you and wins your trust before he molests you. After he has molested you, you feel that you are somehow to blame because after all, you ‘enjoyed’ the comforting. Oftentimes, in those types of sexual abuse, the victim is likely to enjoy the act too because the abuser is ‘gentle’ during the molestation & goes slowly about it. This link should tell you more about grooming during sexual abuse http://www.oprah.com/oprahshow/Child-Sexual-Abuse-6-Stages-of-Grooming
Dzifa, you are not alone. I know that you don’t believe it but it is not your fault. The fact that you didnt tell anyone doesnt make it your fault. As a child, you sensed that it wasnt safe for you to tell and that’s why you didnt tell. it wasnt because you condoned the actions. the fact that you enjoyed the sexual acts doesnt mean that it’s your fault. children are physical beings just as adults are and they respond to sexual stimuli. that is why little boys & girls masturbate. it’s natural. would you blame a little girl for giggling when she’s tickled? no! because it’s a natural reaction to external stimuli. it’s the same in your situation. it was a natural reaction to something that was done to you and it’s only the perpetrators who should be ashamed.
i understand your fears about the abuse damaging you too much. you see, my psychologist says that after being abused, a victim will never be the same as she was before. it’s similar to someone who been involved in a serious car crash. he/ she may sustain injuries and may become impaired. you have had an emotional car crash and sustained a lot of emotional injuries.
however, although you can’t be the same, you can be stronger (in spirit) and a survivor. i don’t know whether you’ve watched oprah or a documentary and seen people that were severely damaged by an accident or are burn victims or have had masectomy for cancer and survived. Often, they are so beautiful! they have an ethereal beauty that radiates from within.they are towers of strength. they are an inspiration to lots of people. they have learned to treasure even the little things. they have stared death in the face and triumphed.
That is what you should aspire to become as a survivor of abuse. Sure, everytime you have sex with your partner, it will feel wierd at points and you may occasionally have flashbacks but you can work hard to reclaim your sexuality and personality! i used to cry (at some point) anytime that i had ‘loving’ sex with my boyfriend but i’ve moved from that point to a stage where i’ve started (slowly) to enjoy intimacy and sex. i’m slowly getting healed.
getting the right partner counts. we survivors of abuse are often likely to date men who are selfish & abuse us. please try not to fall into that trap & find yourself in a healthy relationship with someone that you can comfortably disclose your past abuse to & who will gently support you in dealing with it. take it a day at a time.
it may also be time to reinvent your sexual fantasies. instead of masturbating to things your uncle did to make you feel good, find other erotics things that get you heated up which you can masturbate to (hello, erotic novels anyone!).
and if it all becomes too much, you can try talking to a psychologist and people who love you about it ok? we your sisters at Adventures say we love you very much and wish you all the best. you can drop a mail for me at ekubabentil@gmail.com if you ever feel like you want someone to talk to about all these things that are going on.
I was sexually molested when I was 6 by my father’s nephew and we carried this on till I was about 11. To this day, I don’t know why I never reported this molestation and it grieves me to think I may have encouraged it. I am outside of the country (Ghana) where I could go see a shrink, but I won’t ever dream about telling another person again. I did tell my mother about a year ago and her reaction shamed me to the core. She confronted him IN FRONT OF OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS and he categorically denied it. Now everybody knows my shame. My mother is disaapointed in me for not saying something then and still asks why I never did. I don’t blame her, that is how she knows how to handle it. I am a beautiful woman (or so people have told me), yet I am socially akward and don’t have any self-worth. I am just now learning to love myself. I have never had an orgasm and I don’t know how to act normally around a man. A man made a mistake to love me once a while back and I totally broke his heart and mine in the process. I know something’s gotta change but I’m still lost in the woods trying to find some light in the dark. This post depresses me 🙁
Kaks, i’m very sorry your cousin molested you. five years is a really long time to have to go through such trauma and my heart goes out to you. you really shouldn’t blame yourself for not reporting the molestation.
close your eyes for 1 sec and imagine that you have a 6 year old daughter or niece who has been molested and she’s afraid to tell you. how do you feel towards her? are you angry with her? do you blame her? i conjecture that you dont blame her but you feel compassion towards her and want to help her. now open your eyes. the same way that the imaginary daughter/ niece deserves compassion & not blame, that’s how you deserved and still deserve compassion and love.
that’s where your mum went wrong. when you told her she should have exercised enough compassion and love not to embarrass you in public like she did. the fact that you were even the object of her anger shows that she was way out of line.
i suspect that it’s because of the horrible way she handled the situation that you’re wary of approaching a psychologist or telling someone else. but you see, the fact that the 1st person you told reacted this way doesnt mean that you should shy away from telling someone else. as you say, you are lost in the woods and telling a trusted person and a psychologist will be a step to finding the light. you know why it’s important you find the light? because verysoon, you may have daughters (not just in the biological sense) and if you’ve not learnt how to deal with this matter and get healed from them, you may end up transferring a lot of bitterness, pain and unresolved issues to them because that’s what you have in you at the moment as a result of the molestation.
Please, try and find emotional healing through the services of a trained professional or at least tell a trusted person who is emotionally healthy and can help you sort out your hurt feelings and your issues. dont worry about the orgasm that you’ve not been able to achieve or the men you’ve pushed away. there are many fishes in the sea (some are even tastier i must say!) and you can always have orgasms aplenty!!!
just sort out these emotional issues and i promise you, you’ll be able to gradually sort out the relationship issues as well. so sorry the post depressed you 🙁 but i’m grateful it’s gotten you to speak your mind. i wish you all the best and drop me an email if you ever feel like you just want to chat about your issues with someone. kisses
I swear I am a peaceful man, but here I draw the line… If anyone, in their utter stupidness, touches my daughter or son. I swear by the lord Jesus, I will take a very violent and brutal revenge on that person.
thx Babyjet 🙂 and i’ll pass the message on to all those perverts to keep away from your kids or face pepper, lol
[…] in reading a very honest account of the effects of having someone sexually abuse you, read this. No, its not an angry letter to the abuser and no, its not a graphic depiction of what occurred. […]
wow, i had no idea dust magazine had cited this article! i hope that anyone who reads the article and is a molestation survivor will be reassured that he/ she’s not alone.
my experiences are with lots of people. it started when I was 8.I have been touched by my mom’s cousins a lot of times… some would suck my breast, with some they gave me oral sex, some would take me to places to play sex games. I remember having enjoyed each experience. I still long for my uncles to do that to me again.
Falsum even that is normal – the relationship might not be healthy but you were young and learned to equate these feelings of sex(ual abuse) as love.
Omg……I cannot believe I am just now coming across this blog. I feel like i’m reading my own story.I was sexually molested by an uncle too when I was 4 and then again by another uncle when I was 14. I know it is very common within the African community but rarely is anyone open about it. The whole abuse experience has totally destroyed me. For a while I had the memories blacked out in my mind but they were still in my subconscious. I did go thru the multiple one-night stand phase and felt like shit every time. Sex is never pleasurable (even when it starts out great)and always painful. I’ve never been able to let my guard down with guys to allow myself to have a boyfriend and I’m 24 now. I did start seeing a therapist though which is hard because every time I relieve experiences I tried for years to forget. She encouraged me to tell my mom abt it (which will break her heart) and confront my uncle too. So Ebuka…….thank you so much for sharing your experience.
Maybe it’s a reflection of reality. I was molested by my Uncle when I was young so I can see that happening with others as well. If I wrote a ‘story’ about molestation the molester will definitely be an Uncle
[…] they should. I follow a blog where African women talk about their sex lives. A contributor wrote a blog post about the sexual abuse she suffered as a child and another one here about the effects It was amazing how many people, girls mostly, came […]
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 07/25/2018.
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 11/07/2013.
The report summary provides an overview of the Investment Adviser Representative's professional background and conduct. The information contained in this report has been provided by the Investment Adviser Representative, investment adviser and/or securities firms, and/or securities regulators as part of the states' investment adviser registration and licensing process. The information contained in this report was last updated by the Investment Adviser Representative, a previous employing firm, or a securities regulator on 05/06/2011.
The Forum is a unique platform where individuals from both inside and outside the water sector can interact and debate, creating broader awareness for water related issues and a resolve to find solutions. In addition, it provides the opportunity for Ministers, Local Authorities and Parliamentarians to consolidate their different perspectives with those of experts and civil society.
Grundfos is among the proud sponsors of the World Water Forum in Istanbul. We find it very important to support major global events like the Forum because they help to put attention on water issues,water avalability, water quality and water resource management. It is natural that we as a leading company within water pumping, water handling and water circulation share responsibility - and support the attempts to join all good water professionals in their attempt to care for the water in this world.
Previous Water Forums were held in Morocco (1997), the Netherlands (2000), Japan (2003) and Mexico (2006)

There’s just something about a big inline-four streetbike without any bodywork. The engine and chassis on display for the whole world to see—no excuses given or needed. It’s all business, and you never get tired looking at it. Plus, it’s light, powerful, and responsive. And our all-new CB1000R is the best open-class naked streetfighter we’ve ever produced. It’s like a triple-shot of espresso for your motorcycling soul. You get a high-revving 998 cc four-cylinder engine that’s specially tuned for midrange and top-end power. Cutting-edge Neo-Sports Café styling, an updated chassis, an improved electronics package, and a relaxed, more open riding position. Sometimes, less really is more.
OPEN RIDING POSITION: We call it the rider triangle—where your butt hits the seat, where your feet rest on the pegs, and where your hands grip the bar. By opening up the triangle on the CB1000R, you sit up a little straighter, which gives you a higher vantage point. Plus, most riders will find it a little more comfortable, too.
TAPERED HANDLEBAR: The wide, tapered-section handlebar sits up high for a more relaxed riding position, making this Neo-Sports Café machine ideal for around-town rides. The bar also transmits excellent feedback for precise steering.
LEAN, LIGHT, STRONG: At just 467 pounds, the CB1000R is in the welterweight champion class. For an open-class inline four, there’s not an ounce of fat here. That not only helps performance, but contributes to better handling too, and makes the bike more fun to ride just about everywhere.
STEEL BACKBONE CHASSIS: The CB1000R features a unique frame design. The main mono-backbone component is steel, and that joins up with split-tightening aluminum pivot plates. You get the basis for excellent handling along with lightweight design.
SHOWA FRONT SUSPENSION: Great handling and precise steering demand a premium front suspension. That’s why the CB1000R uses a Showa Separate Function Front Fork Big Piston unit (SFF-BP). It offers both reduced weight, superior rigidity, and excellent overall performance. Plus it offers adjustability for spring preload as well as rebound and compression damping.
STANDARD ABS: Our front and rear Anti-Lock Braking System (standard on the CB1000R) can be a big help in making controlled stops in less-than-ideal conditions, like on wet pavement or other compromised surfaces.
INLINE FOUR ENGINE: The CB1000R’s powerful 998 cc DOHC four-cylinder engine uses an architecture and layout proven on Honda’s Superbikes. Forged (not cast) pistons make it as strong as it is powerful.
SLIPPER / ASSIST CLUTCH: This innovative design hooks up tight to get all the CB1000R’s power to the ground, yet still offers a light pull at the clutch lever. Plus, the slipper design helps mitigate wheel hop during aggressive downshifts and deceleration.
BETTER BREATHING: Every athlete knows you gotta breathe to perform. Compared to earlier engine designs in this class, the CB1000R gets higher valve lift, larger valves, larger diameter inlet ports, and new combustion-chamber shapes to improve gas flow and offer improved torque in midrange.
SPECIAL GEARING: We totally refit the CB1000R’s gearbox with new ratios compared to other bikes we’ve offered in the class. The new, lower gearing emphasizes the bike’s awesome acceleration. Crack the throttle and you’ll feel it instantly.
FOUR-INTO-ONE EXHAUST: On a bike like this, the exhaust system can make a critical difference in power. And since it’s so visible, it also makes a critical contribution to the machine’s style. The CB1000R’s four-into-one system boosts torque at 5,000 RPM and above, saves 10 pounds, and provides the CB1000R with a deeper, more raw exhaust note for added character.
THROTTLE-BY-WIRE: The new CB1000R uses our throttle by wire system. In addition, we’ve given it four riding modes (Standard, Sport, Rain and User). The last one lets you choose between three settings for each parameter, and save the settings.
HONDA SELECTABLE TORQUE CONTROL: A great system that combines the CB1000R’s old-school raw horsepower with a modern power delivery that keeps the bike hooked up and the power flowing under a wide variety of surface conditions.
HUGE REAR TIRE: In order to get all that engine power to the road, the CB1000R comes with a 190/55 ZR17 rear tire.
SINGLE-SIDED SWINGARM: The CB1000R features a unique, single-sided swingarm. It’s part of the bike’s excellent handling character, but also contributes a great deal to the way this machine looks.
FLANGELESS FUEL TANK: Details matter. Case in point: the CB1000R’s fuel tank. We build it without a visible bottom flange. Sure, it takes a little more effort to manufacture, but you get a fuel tank with a clean, custom look that we think is worth it. Plus, the tank is slimmer for an even better fit and lighter feel thanks to its unique shape.
UNDERSTATED STYLE: Take a close, long look at the details on this bike. The CB1000R sends a subtle message that this is a premium machine. Check out the burnished-aluminum radiator shroud and airbox cover, along with the engine cases, cylinder head, and sprocket hub.
ALL-LED LIGHTING PACKAGE: The CB1000R features LED lighting through and through. The lights are bright, more compact, lighter, and feature an incredibly long life. And check out the horseshoe-shaped light ring—it brings a modern flare to the bike’s traditional styling.
REAR SPLASHGUARD: A first for Honda, and you’re seeing it here. The rear splashguard / fender mounts directly to the swingarm for a fresh, sharp styling touch.
SOLID STYLE: Check out all the steel and aluminum alloy detail on this bike. The metal components send a definite message: the CB1000R is all business.
Curb - 467 lb. (Includes all standard equipment, required fluids and full tank of fuel--ready to ride.)
Emissions - Meets current EPA standards. Models sold in California meet current CARB standards and may differ slightly due to emissions equipment.
Vusi Nova – Ndizakulinda Mp3 Download The Muthaland Entertainment Act, Vusi Nova kicks the new month with style as he dishes out a new single...

Over the next 12 months, I will guide you through these treacherous times in search of massive stock market profits.
The Wall Street Winners Video Newsletter is a weekly video that shows you what is moving the stock, bond, gold, dollar and oil markets. It shows you specific trades that can make you massive money.
I used to write a stock trading newsletter. By the end of 2000, Hulbert Digest ranked it the number one performing stock trading newsletter for the previous ﬁve years. I stopped editing it just a few months later. Cold turkey.
I stopped managing mutual funds and hedge funds. I stopped writing my stock trading and futures newsletters. I went cold turkey.
I had written six books on financial topics and had major publishers publish them (Several are still in print after 20 years! Go to Amazon.com and search on my name.).
My futures newsletter was ranked the best performing futures letter for five years by Hulbert Digest.
My only aggravation was that I was ranked second three years in a row for timing the US stock market. (The same guy, Don Wolanchuk, beat me each time!) In sum, I had done a lot over the previous 20 years. I had seen it all and then some.
I decided to become a software entrepreneur. Turns out that I was about as bad a software entrepreneur as I was good as an investor. The company collapsed a few years later.
I had to go through a thorough soul searching. I realized that in my heart of hearts, I was a trader and investor. I realized that my true nature was to trade markets, not be a manager of other people.
I recently decided to launch an all-new stock trading newsletter. A newsletter that I believe will make you massive money!
I want to put you on the path to making money in the markets…big money. And,yes, more money than the people around you.
I feel so conﬁdent that I can help you that I offer a unique Triple Guarantee that I’ll detail below.
I stopped writing my award winning stock trading newsletter in 2001. People were shocked that I did that.
Each month, the newsletter would list my recommendations. I’d update it with a weekly hotline. The circulation was usually over 20,000 subscribers. Performance was white hot. I’d say that my proudest achievement was making a large return in 2000 when just about every other newsletter was collapsing.
This wasn’t the ﬁrst newsletter that I had got to the top of the rankings. My futures newsletter, World Investment Strategic Edge, had gotten to the top of the futures newsletter rankings a few years before.
I had also taking mutual funds and hedge funds I was managing that pushed them to the top or near the top of their ranking in their categories.
Wait, let me make that statement stronger. This newsletter will make you money...guaranteed. Not just guaranteed but triple guaranteed! I'll tell you about my unique triple guarantee down below. You'll be blown away by it. But let me continue telling you about why I believe that this stock trading newsletter will make you money.
I've taken all the knowledge that I've learned in the markets over the last 40 years and refined it. Yes, I've taken the techniques that I used to create the best performing stock trading letter for five years and made it even better. I look to outperform my competition even more this time around.
Look, I've told you enough about me but I hope that you are convinced that I can provide you with superior results. Let's focus even tighter on what you will get.
You will receive Courtney Smith’s Wall Street Winners Video Newsletter every week via email notification. I'll first go through my analysis of the market and give you deep insights into what is really going on. I'm not going to repeat the usual analysis of the loser pundits out there. They don't make money. I'll give you fresh and insightful analysis not found anywhere else.
I got out of Weibo at 74.91 after buying it at 53.80 for a 39% profit. But that took just a few months to make that juicy money.
I'll educate you and show you techniques that you can use in your own investing. I'm going to pull back the curtain and show you how I consistently outperform the market. Other gurus try to keep you in the dark and try to make themselves mysterious. I guess they are afraid that you will see that there is just a little old man behind the curtain, not the might Wizard of Oz. I guess they are afraid that you won't subscribe if you see how they make their decisions.
You will end up more profitable and more educated at the end of one year of taking the Wall Street Winners newsletter.
I put every stock in the portfolio through a rigorous series of tests. There are 13,000 stocks for sale and I want to make sure that we have only the best stocks in our portfolio.
Unlike other stock trading letters, I actually use more than one technique to select stocks. There are many ways to make money in the market. I've gone through just about all of them and have come down to several that have proven track records of making money. Most stock gurus try to convince you that they have the only way to make money in the market. Bunk.
First, we must examine the fundamentals of the stock. Are they growing earnings? What does the future look like? Do they have a monopoly in their niche? How sustainable is their earnings growth? Is there a catalyst for more growth? Any problems on their balance sheet?
But I look at these factors from a rigorous point of view. Which fundamentals actually cause higher stock prices? Those are the factors I focus on. Most stock gurus try to convince
Second, is the price level of the stock below its value? Many great companies have terrible stocks because they are overvalued.
Third, when is the right time to buy? You can have a great company and a great stock but you can still lose money if you buy at the wrong time. So we use technical techniques that have been proven over decades of providing excellent buy points.
This is hard core actionable information. I've laid it out nice and easy for you. Take that page, enter the orders on Monday morning, and go do something else for the week.
Isn't this the freedom that you are looking for? The freedom to travel, play golf, play with your kids, to do whatever you F E E L like!
OK, OK, maybe we won't make money for you every week but we will make money for you if you follow our simple instructions precisely
That is how I can deliver to you profits like the trade in MELI where we made 26% in less than a month!
So, are you one of the select few that can handle such a stock trading letter? Can you not get emotionally involved in your stocks? Can you handle taking small losses if a stock isn't acting right? Can you emotionally shrug off little losses?
I was running that highly successful stock trading newsletter. The publisher told me that they found it very easy to get new subscribers. After all, it was the best performing newsletter around. They sold that track record and tens of thousands of people subscribed.
But something amazing happened. Although it was easy to get people to subscribe, it was harder to get them to re-subscribe. I couldn't believe it! Why wouldn't people want to keep getting the most profitable advice in the business.
The publisher sent out surveys and held focus groups. It turned out that the big problem was that a lot of people couldn't handle putting in stop loss orders to protect themselves.
You see, I believe in cutting risk, cutting risk, and then cutting risk some more. I hate to lose money. It's against my religion.
I put in a protective stop for every position. Sure I get stopped out of stocks. All the time. But I don't mind because it protects me.
Apparently, a lot of investors get interested in a stock and hate to see themselves stopped out. They get emotionally involved in the stock. To me, a stock should be making me money or I fire it.
Imagine two investors in March 2000. One is a buy and hold investor. He loses half his money over the next two years (much more if he is invested in tech stocks). The other one subscribes to my newsletter back then and then follows the same philosophy after that. He makes 35% in 2000 and makes money every year after that.
The first investor has just now got back to break even while the second investor has more than doubled their money.
I was about 80% in tech stocks at the high of the Bubble in early 2000. But my stop losses got me out of the market just under the highs and I then allocated the freed up capital to move largely into homebuilding stocks which were skyrocketing back then.
Here's the point. I don't get emotionally involved in my stocks. I want them to make money for me. I keep them if they do and fire them if they don't. I use stop loss orders to protect the downside for every trade I recommend.
I'm not asking you to day trade but to simply take the last page of the newsletter and enter those orders or changes to orders once a week. I even put the trades to enter in bold face to make it even easier.
I'm not writing this stock trading newsletter like I did the old one. That one had tens of thousands of subscribers.
I am strictly limiting this newsletter to just 1000 subscribers. That's right, I'm limiting the number of subscribers. Am I crazy?
The most important reason is that I want to make sure that the profitability stays high. I have never seen a high circulation publication make money for its subscribers for any length of time. For example, Value Line is a great publication with a great method for picking stocks. But it is so popular that you can't make money as a retail investor using their Timeliness rankings.
So I feel that keeping the number of subscribers to a select few will keep the System from getting traded out.
I also don't want to run some huge extravaganza with dozens of employees. I want to keep it small and manageable. I found I didn't like running big companies.
I want to keep this a personal newsletter. I want to know you and be able to serve your needs. I want to give you personalized service.
By the way, I'm going to keep raising the price of the letter as we get closer to the 1000 limit. The price will go up as the slots get smaller. But not for you! You will get the same low price for coming in early and believing in me. This is my give back to you! I'll talk more about this when I go through the stunning Triple Guarantee.
You will be sure that you are not just a minnow trading this system but will be one of a select few sharks that will profit from my advice.
You will be guaranteed a price equal to or lower than those members of the public that subscribe after you.
I'll cheerfully (OK, maybe tearfully) refund your current charge if you are not happy for any reason. Bingo, we'll refund your money right back onto your credit card. No quibbles, no runaround.
I'm going to go further. I'll refund your whole year's subscription if you keep a subscription for a whole year and my recommendations don't make money!
That's right, I don't make money if you don't make money! Why don't all newsletter give such a guarantee? Why should they make money if you don't!
The only condition is that you follow all the recommendations precisely as I give them. Simple! Fair!
I'm so convinced that you'll make money if you follow all my recommendations for a full year that I'm willing to go waaaay out on a limb and offer this sensational Money Making Guarantee.
Over time, I'm going to be raising the price. I told you that I didn't want more than 1000 subscribers. I'm going to stop taking subscribers when I get near that point by raising the price.
But you've shown your faith in me by subscribing so I think it only fair that you will always get the Charter Subscriber rate whatever it is. But I will guarantee that it will be much lower than the list price. You get a big discount forever!
I’ve run out of ideas of how to make it so you HAVE to subscribe. I love to provide huge value for a nominal price and I think I have here.
We're ready to prove everything we claim. Subscribe right now, and see it for yourself within the next 60 DAYS. If the newsletter does not live up to your expectations. I don't want your money, and I'll give back every penny back to you. No hassles and we can part as friends. 100% Money-Back Guaranteed.
I look forward to personally guiding you through the treacherous investment waters in search of making you money!

“I don’t really consider myself a fashion designer” explains Hakim Ngcongwane, the creative force behind the Pretoria-based CRITIC STUDIOS. Born out of a company started by him and a friend 4 years ago, he launched the brand as a solo project last year. The name comes from the designers own self-doubt. “I was scared of what people thought of my work”. With critique linked to opinions, the studios slogan is “voice your opinion”.
The studio’s first project is titled ‘Distressed’ and comes from the designer’s frustrations with following paths that weren’t of his own choosing. “For the longest time I was doing things based on what my parents were suggesting I should do. When you do it and you fail you hate the situation more because you’re failing on other people’s terms instead of on your own. You fail to understand why you’re failing and you fail to learn from those experiences because they’re not even what you wanted in the first place.” Parallel to this were personal hardships that caused stress in his life and affected him mentally, while from a political perspective he examined how economics create the positions that people like him find themselves in. “It became a research project. Not only was I designing but I was finding solutions for like-minded creatives that are going through the same issues where we have the talent but we don’t know how to monetize it.”
“I chose to use red, green and black.” explains Hakim of the colour palette in his collection. “They represent the South African flag. Red represents blood and character, black represents the history that we’re coming from and green represents vegetation and the culture as a whole aspect.” Using satin, Hakim explains that it represents luxury and purity and states that while black creatives have the talent but not the resources, regardless of them going through these issues, they do not define them, and they are coming with their own solutions. Inspired by the way parents used to dress during apartheid the clothes are reinterpreted for a modern era.
As a multi-disciplinary designer, Hakim sees a thread running through all the work that he does, with the collection referencing his artwork and making it more accessible. Similarly he is creating merchandise from his collection to make it more accessible. With this being his first collection he hopes that those that obtain his pieces understand the story of the collection. “ I’d love people to buy my clothes to feel like they were part of the struggle. That’s what this project references. Being my first project, hating the quality aspect of it cause you’re lacking funds, but knowing where you’re trying to go.“



Shop at etsy to find unique and handmade talon zipper related items directly from our lot of 85 zippers vintage talon and coats & clark assorted colors lengths . Talon zipper is a company founded in 1893, originally as the universal fastener company, in chicagothey later moved to hoboken, new jersey, and finally to meadville, pennsylvania. Talon zipper available discussion this same zipper that you are refering to is not a complete reproduction of that vintage talon zipper and best to avoid this . Vintage clothing 1970's scovill zipper details and information.
Zips we have a huge selection of zippers available for your aero jacket, built to last as long as your jacket does as standard most jackets include a talon zipper in either nickel, antique brass or brass. This page will help identify types of vintage zippers and the time period that they were talon zipper dating find this pin and more on trim by nic witty . Find great deals on ebay for talon zippers shop with confidence.
Ideal fastener creates fashionable and functional zippers for the worldâ€™s leading fashion designers keeping up to date with the latest zipper trends, we can meet your needs with an array of our fashion forward zippers. Guides for dating the pull, the stop box, the slider and the now popular in repro garments, talon zippers originally started under a hence, . Dating zippers god is while we are limited registration is done by talking with her he didn’t talon zipper dating clothing feel the same. Vintage talon vintage talon jandp coats zipper lot of 20 zippers new w header cards huge lot 200 vintage new old stock metal sew in zippers talon jandp coats. Find great deals on ebay for zipper talon and conmar zipper new listing vintage talon zippers, talon, lot of 12, various sizes & colors, nos, lot 1a,1b.
Vogue squared is your one stop shop for vintage and brand new clothing, vintage 60s levis mens 35x33 talon 42 zipper black tab casual chino pants tan. How to help date your jacket and other items based on their zippers, 1910s-present guides for dating the to dating talon zippers to the vintage clothing and . A guide to dating talon zippers brass, clothing, dating, dating guide, dating vintage sunburst, talon zipper, vintage, vintage clothing, womens, wwii by . Find great deals on ebay for vintage zippers shop with confidence. Details including narrow pointed collar and machine loomed neck label point to this shirt likely dating from the 1940's, posted by vintage talon zipper (4 .
Dating vintage talon zippers dating talon zippers with the flip has been counterintuitive to know anything about hungary at yss zippers on irvin jackets.
A red and black wool hunting jacket by carter's, dating from the 1960s noted flaws - a small mark on the left cuff - please see photos great condition otherwise, lined in tan brown brushed cotton, lots of handy pockets, full set of original buttons, thick wool, talon zippers, great style, cla.
Hardware like zippers can be incredibly useful when it comes to dating vintage clothes, especially when other means of identification (union tags, makers tags) are not present during the golden era, talon was america's largest zipper company their constant refinement of their design allows for .
Choose from our wide selection of metal, coil and plastic zippers, vintage zippers or design your very own custom zipper, pull and labels. Dating of schott jackets it has talon zippers with large rings on the pullers and a huge collar there is a lot of info on here in regards to dating jackets. Vintage menswear current listings vintage 1960s 60s wrangler gold dot pleated front denim jacket talon zipper made in usa 50 chest trucker workwear indigo by .




Day 79 – Made a poncho with arms from two different felted wool sweaters. A bit funky, even for me. I may add some appliqué embellishments. (Taken with instagram)
Federal government-sponsored program under which flood insurance is sold to homeowners and businesses.
Auto insurance coverage that pays for each driver’s own injuries, regardless of who caused the accident. No-fault varies from state to state. It also refers to an auto liability insurance system that restricts lawsuits to serious cases. Such policies are designed to promote faster reimbursement and to reduce litigation. This coverage is not available in all states, check with us to find out more.
The idea that people who don’t buy coverage should not receive benefits. Prohibits uninsured drivers from collecting damages from insured drivers. In most states with this law, uninsured drivers may not sue for noneconomic damages such as pain and suffering. In other states, uninsured drivers are required to pay the equivalent of a large deductible ($10,000) before they can sue for property damages and another large deductible before they can sue for bodily harm.
Assets that are not included on the balance sheet of an insurance company, including furniture, fixtures, past-due accounts receivable, and agents’ debt balances
Insurers licensed in some states, but not others. States where an insurer is not licensed call that insurer non-admitted. They sell coverage that is unavailable from licensed insurers within the state.
A written notice required by insurance companies immediately after an accident or other loss. Part of the standard provisions defining a policyholder's responsibilities after a loss.
Covers operators of nuclear reactors and other facilities for liability and property damage in the case of a nuclear accident and involves both private insurers and the federal government.
Recreational vehicles do more than just carry you from one place to another; they transport you with an eye toward maximum fun and/or comfort along the way. Just because some of these vehicles are associated with playtime, that doesn't mean they don't need the same insurance protection as any other piece of expensive property you own. In fact, they may need more insurance since they also create a potential for liabilities.
Your recreational vehicle is, just like an automobile, a moving vehicle that can cause bodily injury and property damage to others. In order to help pay for any damage you inadvertently inflict, you should secure liability insurance. This policy can also help cover the cost of environmental cleanup after an accident that causes the spillage of a toxic chemical or other pollutant.
Liability coverage will have limits that work on both a per-incident and per-policy basis. They may also have a deductible that requires an out-of-pocket contribution for each incident or year.
After you've considered the potential liabilities you are exposed to while operating a recreational vehicle, it's time to secure coverage for the value of the vehicle itself. Recreational vehicle coverage can include financial compensation in the event of physical damage, vandalism, theft and collision. In addition, your policy may allow for reimbursement of personal effects stored on a vehicle such as an RV, boat or snowmobile.
In some cases, you may want to consider adding specialized coverage for additional risks including the loss or damage of awnings and custom equipment. If you have an RV that you live in part or full time, you may need extended protection so be sure to discuss that with your agent.
Thank your for your interest in A-Agency Insurance (a Division of Treesh Insurance Agency). Ready to begin your quote? Use our quick and easy quote form. If you still have questions or would just like to speak to one of our insurance professionals, please call our office at 574.968.9680 or you can email your questions and an agent will reply promptly.
*Group cut off for C5 Youth Foundation room block at Hotel Granduca for $185/night is April 16, 2018.
Call (844) 306-6400 or email at reservations@granducaaustin.com and let them know you're with C5 Youth Foundation for group booking requests.
The mission of the C5 Youth Foundation of Texas is to change the odds for high-potential youth from risk-filled environments, inspiring them to pursue personal success, and preparing them for leadership roles in college, work, and their communities.

I stopped over in Ch’eonan to visit an old friend and stayed in the’ Hilton Hotel.’ Of course, it wasn’t the exclusive ‘Hilton’ and some would dispute it was a ‘hotel’ at all but a ‘love motel’ and certainly as I checked in a couple of teenagers were doing the same and looking very eager to get down to business. The boy, lucky in more ways than one, looking a little sheepish, was stood holding a bag from which some snacks and a bottle of coke poked while his girlfriend paid the bill. The room was 50.000 Won (£25) and I wasn’t really expecting too much but it was impeccably clean and well sized.
I’m always lauding the Korean system of ‘service’ and all the little freebies customers are given to encourage their patronage. My room had a small refrigerator stocked with bottled water and a few cans of coffee. Unlike the real ‘Hilton Hotel’ where the exact same cans would cost you 4000 Won (£2), these were complimentary. Likewise, large bottles of hair shampoo, conditioner, body gel and a large tube of toothpaste were provided in the bathroom and a hair dryer and various items for women stocked a small dressing table. On the wall was a large plasma screen under which sat a computer which provided access to the internet, games and movies, including pornography, all of which were complimentary.
The only item I didn’t particularly like was the enormous mirror which ran alongside the bed and which, as I was sleeping nude, I couldn’t face until the lights were off. The final touch, an amusing one, were the complimentary condoms and toothbrushes in a small basket on the table. The condoms, described as ‘specially designed skin for her,’ were called ‘Salama’ but somehow it seemed more appropriate to read the brand as ‘Salami.’
I’ve been looking at this picture for a few days now and I give up. Could you explain the seemingly floating set of steps the woman is walking up? Thanks.

Genre-defying harpist Brandee Younger to collaborate with composer/ pianist Courtney Bryan, at the Institute for Research on the African Diaspora in the Americas & The Caribbean (IRADAC)
In honor of the annual Black Women in Jazz Performance of IRADAC, Brandee Younger will join pianist Courtney Bryan during the second of two sets at The Graduate Center of the City University of New York, located at 365 Fifth Avenue in NYC, on February 10th. On this highly anticipated night of music, Courtney Bryan will perform her “Songs of Laughing, Smiling, and Crying for Improvised Piano and Recorded Sound” from 6:30-7:30. At 7: 30, Bryan will then be joined on stage by the innovative jazz harpist, Brandee Younger, to showcase both of their original compositions and interpretations of Alice Coltrane’s music. Visit the CUNY website for more information.
Courtney explains that Alice Coltrane is a major influence on both her and Brandee, and this concert is a chance to pay homage to Coltrane’s music and legacy. “It is a celebration of black women in jazz, as well as an opportunity to exhibit our own music as black women in jazz today,” says Bryan. Both Bryan and Younger are highly respected within the contemporary jazz scene; Bryan has released two critically acclaimed albums including 2007’s “Quest For Freedom” and 2010’s “This Little Light of Mine” and Younger’s 2016 album “Wax & Wane” placed on several best-of-2016 lists and garnered attention from NPR, the Canadian Broadcasting Company, The New York Times and others.
Downbeat’s John Murph claims that “If Younger continues to evolve as an improviser, bandleader, and composer, a masterpiece will surely be in her future”.
A classically train­ed harpist, New York native Brandee Younger is a graduate of the prestigious Hartt School of Music as well as New York University’s Steinhardt School. Over the past decade, Younger has shared the stage with a host of jazz luminaries including Jack DeJohnette, Charlie Haden, Pharoah Sanders and particularly Ravi Coltrane, whom she began working with in 2007 to honor his late mother Alice Coltrane. Her debut EP “Prelude” was released in June 2011 to critical acclaim. As a classical musician, Younger has been featured as a soloist with The Harlem Chamber Players and has performed with the Eastern Connecticut Symphony, Waterbury Symphony, Soulful Symphony, Ensemble Du Monde, Camerata New York and the Red Bull Artsehcro, a “non-conformist” orchestra. In hop hop and R&B, Younger has worked with Common, Drake, John Legend and most recently, Lauryn Hill, to name a few. Younger has released three other recordings as a leader including the EP “Prelude”, released in 2011,“Live At The Breeding Ground”, released in 2014, and “Wax & Wane” from 2016.
Courtney Bryan, a native of New Orleans, La, is “a pianist and composer of panoramic interests” (New York Times). Her music ranges from solo works to large ensembles in the new music and jazz idioms, film scores, and collaborations with dancers, visual artists, writers, and actors, and is in conversation with various musical genres, including jazz and other types of experimental music, as well as traditional gospel, spirituals, and hymns. Focusing on bridging the sacred and the secular, Bryan’s recent compositions explore human emotions through sound, confronting the challenge of notating the feeling of improvisation. She performs around the New York area, and is the Director of the Institute of Sacred Music at Bethany Baptist Church of Newark, NJ. Dr. Bryan has academic degrees from Oberlin Conservatory (BM), Rutgers University (MM), and a DMA in music composition from Columbia University of New York, with advisor George Lewis. Bryan has been an instructor at Columbia University and Oberlin Conservatory, and is currently a Postdoctoral Research Associate in the Center for African American Studies at Princeton University. In the fall of 2016, Bryan will join the Newcomb Department of Music at Tulane University as an Assistant Professor of Music. She has two independent recordings, “Quest for Freedom” (2007) and “This Little Light of Mine” (2010).
Courtney Bryan – Songs of Laughing, Smiling, and Crying for improvised piano and recorded sound (6:30-7:30pm)

Lovable Interior Design Ideas For Master Bathroom and Master Bathroom Design Ideas For Goodly Images About New Master – From the thousands of pictures on the web with regards to interior design ideas for master bathroom, selects the very best selections along with best image resolution 616×462 pixels just for you all, and now this pictures is usually one of graphics selections inside our best graphics gallery with regards to Interior Design Ideas For Master Bathroom. I hope you will think it’s great.
This particular picture (Lovable Interior Design Ideas For Master Bathroom and Master Bathroom Design Ideas For Goodly Images About New Master) previously mentioned is actually branded along with:put up by simply admin at October, 19 2017. To discover just about all graphics throughout Interior Design Ideas For Master Bathroom graphics gallery make sure you abide by choosing the Bathroom category at the bove of the page.
Non-invasive neuroimaging measurements combined with physiological, neurocognitive and biota-based biomarker measurements as predictors of health outcome in ageing
Age-associated disability and diseases are placing a growing burden on society, in general. In Singapore, in particular, these issues are now-a-days in the fore due to the fast ageing of the Singaporean society and the rapid increase of age-related disorders, including dementias.
A better understanding of the ageing process, with special regard to the ageing of the brain, would help us prepare protective and preventive strategies as well as treatments to slow down the pathological ageing process, thereby decrease both individual and societal burdens. Hence, markers of the underlying biological ageing process are needed to help identify people at increased risk of age-associated physical and cognitive impairments and ultimately, death.
For this reason the search for early predictive biomarkers indicating normal versus pathological ageing, in general, and brain ageing, in particular, is in the forefront of ageing research. Recently, non-invasive structural neuroimaging approaches have shown significant advancements in this field and some of the findings indicate firmly that non-invasively obtained neuroimaging biomarkers can provide us with reliable and predictive information about the person’s “brain age”, progression of ageing, and mortality (Cole et al., Brain age predicts mortality, Molecular Psychiatry, 2017 Apr 25. doi: 10.1038/mp.2017.62).
The above study has indicated that a brain-predicted age, indicative of an older-appearing brain, is associated with weaker grip strength, poorer lung function, slower walking speed, lower fluid intelligence, higher allostatic load
and increased mortality risk. Furthermore, the combination of brain-predicted age and DNA-methylation-predicted age improves mortality risk prediction and thus can provide us with a strong predictor of health outcomes. Consequently, the combination of distinct measurements of biological ageing, including non-invasive neuroimaging, helps to determine risk of age-related deterioration and death.
The present projects aims at introducing the neuroimaging protocols of the aforementioned UK study, together with the introduction of complimentary biomarker measurements (including neurocognitive, physiological, and biome measurements) in a Singaporean cohort of healthy ageing people with an eye on identifying early predictive biomarkers of normal and pathological ageing and developing a protocol for screening larger populations in the future.
Exercise Medicine as a core strategy for ageing health: Bridging the evidence-gaps between Community and Clinical Exercise Programmes for chronic disease prevention and treatment in older population
This strategic initiative aims to translate the current evidence on exercise medicine for clinical applications in age associated musculoskeletal conditions (i.e., osteoporosis, sarcopenia and frailty) by demonstrating the value of community exercise programmes in preventing, delaying and moderating age-related decline in musculoskeletal health. Specifically, this study aims to compare musculoskeletal health biomarkers of older men and women who have been performing aerobic, calisthenics or mixed-exercise programmes in community settings. A secondary aim is to contribute to the current debates on clinical definition and measurements of sarcopenia and frailty.
This study will recruit male and female participants (> 50 years of age) who have been participating for > 2years in community-based programmes for aerobic exercise (AE, running and brisk walking), callisthenic exercise (CE, Tai Qi Quan and gym exercises) or mixed aerobic and callisthenic exercises (MAC, exercises dance classes). Up to 50 participants will be recruited from each exercise group after obtaining their informed-consent. Another n=50 sedentary participants will be recruited to form the Control Group (CG), making a total of up to n=200 participants in the study
Each participant will attend the trial once in a fasted state to under the following measurements and procedures: Anthropometry: Height, weight, body mass index, waist and hip circumference, peripheral, central and total body fat and bone density at lumbar and hip region using the DXA. Physical Performance: hand grip strength, isometric strength, 20 m walking speed, balance test, flexibility test, Frenchey index, sit-up-and-go test, bean bag throw. Frailty and Sarcopenia Assessment;
Survey: Demographic, health history, exercise habits, 24h dietary recall, food frequency questionnaire, medication and dietary supplements, occupation history, menstrual pattern (women only). Cognitive Assessment: Psychomotor vigilance test for reaction time, vigilance, and pattern recognition, Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA).
Optional assessments: the participants will also have the option to undertake the 7-day physical activity profile and the aubmaximal treadmill walking test for those without history of heart disease, uncontrolled blood sugar level and blood pressure < 142/100. ​
Gut microbiota has been suggested to play an important role in inflammation and muscle strength. There is also evidence that frailty is associated with chronic inflammation and muscle strength. Therefore, changes in the gut microbiome could play an important role in the development of frailty, the biggest problem in ageing. Recently, in a few Caucasian studies, a gut microbiome profile has been characterized to have prominent associations between fraility. It was found that frailty was negatively associates with gut microbiota diversity, and associated with certain species and genus abundance. To improve the quality of life and empower the ageing community with active and independent life styles, we intend to determine microbiota profiles associated with reduced muscle strength and inflammatory responses in ageing Singaporeans. We will then identify dietary supplements which can modulate the profile of the microbiota to be consistent with the profile of healthy subjects.
The information on microbiota associated with muscle strength will utilize data and stool samples from our on-going study of microbiota of male ageing cohorts and the study submitted to ARISE by Sven Pettersson, entitled, Exercise adapted microbiome: a novel approach to sustain health and support healthy ageing for Singaporeans, to be conducted using female cohorts. In addition, inflammatory responses triggered by the various stool samples will be evaluated in vitro. An in vitro microcosm to simulate the intestine will be established using stool samples from the various subjects. Microcosms will be seeded with probiotic strains know to down regulate inflammation and modulate the intestinal microbiota, alone and in combination with supplements, including curcumin. Combinations will be identified which can restore an undesirable microbiota profile to that associated with better muscle strength and less inflammation. It is envisaged that dietary supplements will aid in maintaining or restoring a microbiota associated with health.

← Luxury Campsite (well, you know, relatively speaking) – We Will Leave Mid April – Return Next Winter – Few Sites Offer as Much Area for Patio – We Will Miss This – But We Will Have FUN Doing It –
The new me - Carol Ann. More suitably said, the old me in new circumstances of life. Again. My history has developed in parts and chapters. In person, I am Wife, Mom, Grandma, Author, and Writer, in that order, more or less. Life is good because God is good.	
This entry was posted in Adventure, Memoir, Photos, Poetry and tagged Author, Buddy for David, Carol Ann Hoel, Comfort Zone, Faith, Horizon, Lord Jesus, Motorhome, No fear, Novel, Perspective, Point of View, RV, Suspense, Unknown. Bookmark the permalink.	
Yes, it is an adventure. Sometimes I do have to make that adjustment from nervous to no fear. It’s worth the timeout. Blessings to you, Laura,,,
In this video Donna Eden, one of the founders of energy medicine, talks about her book, Energy Medicine For Women. Donna who had been diagnosed with MS earlier in life, was able to heal herself of this debilitating disease through the use of Energy Medicine....	
“Excellent conference once again! I really appreciate the opportunity you provide for all of us in Canada to participate in such an amazing EP conference” A Weekend of Learning, Transformation and Self Discovery This year’s annual Canadian Energy...	
CAIET Annual General Meeting – Friday, October 19th (4:15pm – 5:15pm) Joyce Rowlands, Registrar with the transitional Council, College of Registered Psychotherapists and Registered Mental Health Therapists of Ontario (CRPRMHTO). Joyce will provide an...	
In his recent video, Philip Shepherd, talks about the breakout workshop that he will be facilitating at this years Energy Psychology Conference called, ‘Experiencing the Core of Your Being and its Essential Role in the Integration of the Psyche’. This...	
The Conference for Integrative and Energy Therapies New Therapies for a New Era “Energy medicine is the future of all medicine.” ~ C. Norman Shealy, MD, PhD> We are currently gearing up for what promises to be our best conference yet. Do yourself a favor...	
Betsy Muller, founder of The Indigo Connection, is an Energy Coach, Certified Practitioner of Emotional Freedom Techniques (EFT Cert-1), and spiritual business leader who specializes in helping others experience “life in the flow”. In her 2011 workshop,...	
By: David Price Francis Energy is all around us. Just like breathing in air, we also take in energy. We are surrounded by a field of energy, contained within an egg-shaped skin or cortex, which is our personal energy field, also known as the aura. When we are born,...	
I recently had the pleasure of hearing Dr. James Wilson talk on the subject of his book, ADRENAL FATIGUE—The 21st Century Stress Syndrome©, Smart Publications, Petaluma, Ca 94555, 2001, 2002, $14.95. Essentially, he lists 13 major predisposing factors. 31 significant...	
by Barbara Stone, PhD, LISW, DCEP At the deepest level, time is an illusion, and everything that has ever happened to a person’s soul is happening right now. Unresolved trauma from previous incarnations reverberates into our present life and influences our behavior...	

The 4" Speedball Brayer is well-suited for printmaking, scrapbooking, paper crafts, home decor and much more. It comes with one soft rubber roller that is easy and quick to interchange. The plastic handle is burgundy in color and it is made from plastic for lasting durability.
I've had a lovely day, spending a few hours with my granddaughter. She is so good and such a joy to have. I'm seeing my grandson tomorrow too, I'm looking forward to seeing him. He's 2 years old and a cheeky monkey but funny too lol. Grandchildren are angels sent from heaven which we can give back lol
I've done another card today but coloured in a stamped image this time. I just can't remember where she's from, so if any of you know could you please tell me as I can't for the life of me remember lol.
I coloured her in using my pro markers. I love colouring ìts so therapeutic. The only dies I have are spellbinder roses which I used with this card and had some pre cut die cuts and doileys which I used to Matt the image onto. I used blue ink pad to distress around the edges. The card stock, papers and ribbon are from hunkydory paws for thoughts from create and craft, the sentiments are from that too.
This is such a beautiful card....I love your coloring and the beautiful embellishments you used! So very pretty! Thank you for joining our "Anything Goes" challenge at Tuesday Throwdown this week!
A lovely card for our Frosty Colours theme at Stamping Sensations! Thanks for joining us and good luck!
This is beautiful. I love your coloring. Thanks for joining our Shades of Blue challenge this month at the Path of Positivity Challenge Blog. I hope you can join us again next month. Julie, DT member
I usually just watch the pre-show for the awards shows. But tonight I’m flipping between the Prime Time Emmys and the Bears/Steelers game-Let’s go Steelers! Merritt Wever had the BEST. SPEECH. EVER! I also loved Julia Louis-Dreyfus speech.
Thursday night I made some cupcakes from work. I have to admit, they came from a box. I still think they taste pretty good.
This weekend was chucked full of…homework. I know it’s pretty exciting right? Friday I picked up some plastic skulls and ravens from the dollar store. These are going to be part of my Halloween decorations. I’m going for a Gothic Halloween theme. I have been Pinning away and creating lists and folders of ideas I’m planning on doing.
Saturday I went to work on a complaint I had to write for my Civil Lit homework at Starbucks. If I stay at my place when I’m trying to study, I procrastinate. There are way too many distractions at my place. I find it much easier to zone people out than it is to zone out housework and other distractions.
After I was done with my homework, I went to the 5th annual Art-Craftic, with my friend Kira. It seemed like there were maybe 10-15 vendors in all. I’m not going to lie, I was expecting a little more, especially since it was the 5th annual. Even though there weren’t a whole lot of vendors, it was nice to get out and stop in some of the local shops and take a look around.
Kira and I ended up having a late lunch/early dinner at Fox Harbor Pub. I had a Mushroom and Swiss burger and a loaded Bloody Mary! Sometimes there is something about pub food and a good drink that just hits the spot.
Saturday night, I cut my grass (I hope maybe for the last time this year). I then started making fruit leather from apple sauce. It turned out OK, it tasted good. I don’t think I left in on long enough though. It was a little damp-not sure if this was the right word. I’ll post more about this later this week.
Sunday I watched the Packer game at my dad’s. UGH a difficult loss…on the bright side the Packers’ run blocking is looking better and the run game is looking better. Our running backs also are looking better! i really like Eddie Lacy and Johnathan Franklin. Two weeks with a running back that had more than 100 yards! After the game, I had dinner with my dad and brother, I have the perfect tortilla pan and made taco salads.



We would like to announce awards of $8,446,420 in grants to organizations focused on community health and wellness.
Despite marketing claims that some television programs and DVDs help infants and toddlers learn, recent studies show that TV provides only empty calories for a child’s growing brain. The following research brief reviews the evidence that parents and caregivers of young children should take television off the menu.
Temperament can be defined as the way a young child acts and responds to different situations, caregivers, and strangers. It’s apparent from birth, and it’s unconnected to the kind of parenting we receive or the environment in which we live.
Last month we shared a broad overview of social and emotional development during your child’s first years of life. This month, we’ll begin exploring the social and emotional mechanisms that guide healthy growth. Let’s begin with temperament.
In numerous ways every day, with your help, we search for just the right words to engage more of the public and to make them understand the importance of brain development for the future of our children - and our community. What would our youngest children want us to say that everyone will hear and remember? Four words: Touch, Talk, Read, Play.
Each New Year brings with it feelings of anticipation, excitement, and a renewed hope and commitment for positive change. 2016 is no different.

Google’s Teacher Academy (#GTAUK) is taking place later this month and I am honoured and pleased to have been accepted. I’ll blog more about the event as and when it happens. In the mean time I thought I would share my application video.
I’m very much looking forward to the experience of meeting up and learning with another amazing group of educators. Bring it on!
[…] Google's Teacher Academy (#GTAUK) is taking place later this month and I am honoured and pleased to have been accepted. I'll blog more about the event as and when it happens. In the mean time I tho… […]
[…] guess I’ve done this. People tell me I do. Speaking of Google, I became a Google Certified Teacher which was something on my bucket list for some time, so pleased with […]
Grundfos has many years of experience with water supply and water treatment. Water treatment describes those processes used to make water more acceptable for a desired end-use, and for mining operations and mineral processing, Grundfos can supply a complete water treatment solution tailored to the application, from simple filtration for process water to the stringent quality standards for water supply to the mining town.
Grundfos can supply pumping solutions for solids separation using mechanical treatments such as settling and filtration, dosing solutions for chemical treatments such as disinfection and coagulation, and non-chemical treatments such as UV treatment.
Grundfos pumps systems range from submersibles to end-suction pumps as well as our highly successful vertical multistage centrifugal pump (CR). Our complete range of dosing pumps systems are for large or small volumes and based on different technologies, and Grundfos can also supply electronic and electrochemical accessories for complete control as well as PLC-controlled, fully automatic systems for dry material preparation and reliable dosing.
Correct material selection is the most important method of corrosion prevention, prolonging the life span of pumps systems. Grundfos can supply the specialist expertise to help meet your performance objectives, from the initial identification of needs, to the selection, installation, operation, and maintenance of the pumping solution. Furthermore, Grundfos tailors commissioning agreements and service agreements to your requirements, and spare parts kits and on-site recommended spare parts can also be arranged.




Famous Finnish architect and designer Alwar Aalto has desinged several buildings in Finland including Finlandia Hall as well as abroad. Buildings designed by him can be found also in USA, Germany, Italy, France, etc. One of his most known glassware works was Aalto (Savoy) vase. Think it is still one of the most popular items to by in Finland by tourists. Aalto was also responsible for interior design of classic restaurant Savoy in Helsinki, which still looks the same as 75 years ago.
If you have any knowledge of Aalto, I would be interested in to hear how did you learn about him or his works. Do you have Aalto art pieces at your home?
Bodegas Aalto was founded in 1998 by Mariano Garcia, Vega Sicilia’s legendary winemaker of over 30 years, and Javier Zaccagini, former President of the Ribera del Duero AOC. 15 years since it was founded, the winery is considered one of the best in the region. The name of the winery was inspired by famous Finnish designer Alwar Aalto. Aalto is main wine for this winery and also reviewed wine carried Aalto name. Fantastic honours to Aalto!
Grape used in producing Aalto red wine is 100% TINTO FINO. Tempranillo, more known grape, is known under a number of local synonyms in different regions of Spain, Cencibel and Tinto Fino are used in several regions, and it is also known as Tinta del País in Ribera del Duoro where Aalto winery is located.
Label itself is one of the most minimalist seen before. Different colors of black and silver gray letters and small bunch of grapes in the upper right corner of O letter.
Bouquet was rich and pleasant, could recognize tempranillo. Some black berries and hint of fennel. Aroma became even more elegant after 10 minutes.
Full-bodied, again elegant and soft. Filled mouth not just flowed down. Again tempranillo was easy to identify, one of the best Spanish wines ever tasted.
Aalto wine is elegant but partly because of low production volume, it is not the most unexpensive. 39€ in Alko and 145€ in restaurant Savoy, where it is available, does not allow wine to be enjoyed too often. Although you have to pay a little bit more the quality really provides value for the money.
Would you buy wine because there is Christmas tree on the label and name of the wine is Christmas Riesling?
Wonder how one wineyard (weingut) can name it’s wine as Christmas something? Has the wine something to do with Christmas?
As you can see the label highlights Christmas. The wine itself is straw-colored and slightly greenish.
Typical light young riesling. Some fruits and raisins which we often find in rieslings but no one else seems to do so; at least when it comes to professional reviews.
Lack of petrol and minerals makes this wine light and boring. The name Christmas would require more character.
Wine is basic riesling which suits for aperitif and with food without too much spices. Tried it with sushi and it did not pair at all. Christmas Riesling 2012 does not create a Christmas athmosphere neither reminds you of Christmas tree or presents. For Christmas I recommend Finnish Glögg or Gluhwein.
« Restaurant review – Slow food at Teatterin Grilli Why Helsinki’s restaurant scene is as its hottest right now? »
In answer to your question about buying a wine because of the Christmas label, it could be a yes for me. I don’t drink so if I bought wine it would be for a gift. I don’t drink coffee either and I have selected coffee beans for gifts due to their Christmas label.
Thanks for comment! I liked the label but unfortunately this wine failed to promote Christmas which is quite important season in Finland.
I can only guess that this is a special bottling may be made for some of the supermarkets in Finland – when I searched on Google, all the references on google were pointing only to the sources in Finland…
I tried also to find that wine with google and only hits were in Finnish. As there is only one company in Finland which can sell spirits and wines (Alko), they must have ordered special edition.
I’m just back from a (very timely and much needed) three day meditation retreat and at the earliest opportunity today went down to get the update on what has taken place at the Occupation since I’ve been gone. In a sense I was never gone as the Occupation was on my mind and heart all this time. And it even made its way into the dharma talk by one of the teachers during the retreat!
A small group of demonstrators broke away from Occupy San Diego to form their own sub-group, apparently because of differences over how to relate to the police (some prefer adopting a more aggressive tone). They camped out at Balboa Park. One of them was jumped by either a homeless person or a gang member. Fortunately, that person’s injuries were minor. Very upsetting and jarring nonetheless.
The police said on Thursday that there could not be any tents on the plaza as there was going to be a children’s dance performance. They demanded the removal of all tents by 11:59pm Thursday. A significant group of demonstrators refused to take down their tents, barricaded themselves around the tents, and at 7am Friday (yes, it was a long night– I stayed up the whole night!) they removed them. One person was arrested, several were maced. I still don’t understand why people were maced, the police – as best as I could see- had been pussy cats all along.
Another breakaway group formed to start an encampment near the Midway Aircraft Carrier at Tuna Park. And a march was scheduled to run through all the sites. And as a sign of the fractiousness in Occupy San Diego, someone changed the passwords to the website and locked everyone out; the website was down. Also, the food and other supplies were taken and not divided equitably with other breakaway groups. In the midst of all this fractiousness, people spontaneously stepped forward, acting as liaisons between the other groups.
As of today, people are still camping out at the Civic Center Plaza. No tents are allowed (one tent in a symbolic gesture has been allowed!). Nor are any food stations allowed (only a single table). In spite of what I think is significant police infiltration (I’ve identified at least two such infiltrators), there are significant efforts being made to streamline and make more efficient group process. There is a back-up location for the storage of food and supplies at the World Beat Center at Balboa Park.
By Thursday-Friday, I found a “groove” for myself offering guerilla facilitation. I have found that just hearing people out, drawing out and articulating dissident voices, putting a motion to disallow one person who I suspected of being a police infiltrator (I notice myself expending significant emotional energy worrying about their presence) from facilitating (again!) makes a difference.
It has been very helpful to view the whole Occupation here through the Open Space lens. Indeed, what I’ve seen is that when there isn’t anything meaningful happening in GA (which at least until Thursday has been the case), spontaneous circles emerge. I join those circles, listen, and take part. It’s amazing and delightful to see how the presence of just some of the critical elements of the Interactive Organization (or Conscious Open Space Organization, now known as the Genuine Contact Organization)- explicit welcoming of all leadership, manifold use of the circle, presence of passion- make for such resilience in face of tremendous adversity.
Tonight, I facilitated in a formal sense for the first time at the GA Process Committee (I was invited to do so; as a matter of personal policy I’m not volunteering myself to facilitate). It stretched me a bit to practice this traditional facilitation as opposed to something holistic like Whole Person Process Facilitation. That said, those who’d been on the Process Committee for a while were very grateful as the way we worked really seemed to flow a lot more than before. I presented on Open Space Technology to two people afterwards and there was interest in considering a proposal on this.
At Birgitt‘s encouragement, I will sometime soon begin offering some facilitation training. I’d like to offer formal training in WPPF, however, I still need to think about how to do that. I think it takes three full days of proper training to get it. For now, I’d like to offer very quick training in Dynamic Facilitation and Open Space Technology.
Also, I’m thinking about how it might be possible to organize community conversations on addressing economic injustice and wonder how to go about doing this in a way in which the conversation might have some weight (be supported officially by the GA). What holds me back is seeing just how unwieldy our own collective decision-making process is…
I heard today- and haven’t had a chance to confirm- that at least one person from Occupy Wall Street visited us to see if we were indeed with the OWS “program,” otherwise OWS would break its relationship with us…and a motion had been passed in General Assembly confirming our support for OWS.
Starting tomorrow evening, I’ll be camping out there again– this time without a tent, seeing as tents are no longer allowed…

Experience the relief of fast acting CBD in the form of Select’s convenient & discreet tinctures. Select Drops provides a fast-acting solution of benefiting from the restorative effects of cannabinoids without vaping or smoking. Drops contain a specially formulated balance of cannabidiol and herb-infused refined coconut oil, known as MCT oil for fast acting absorption into the bloodstream. Find the bliss of convenient herbal relief anytime, anywhere with Select’s proprietary cannabidiol tincture.
Peppermint: Infused with ashwagandha, rhodiola and peppermint, which are known to bring energy and focus
Lavender: Infused with lavender, chamomile and passionflower, which are known for relaxation and calmness
Lemon-Ginger: Infused with ginger, turmeric and lemon, which are known to be naturally energizing, revitalizing and uplifting

Mots clés (Tags): cumshot, solomale, cum, bbc, public, uniform, jackoff, masterbation, in public, security guard	

UCI neurologists have provided, for the first time, evidence that blood deposits in the brain may not require a blood vessel tear. The researchers found that brain endothelial cells, the cells that line blood vessels of the brain, have the capacity for engulfing red blood cells and depositing them outside the blood vessels and into the substance of the brain, without requiring a disruption of the vasculature.
“It has long been believed that a tear or rupture of a brain blood vessel is the cause of cerebral microbleeds,” said Mark J. Fisher, a professor of neurology at the UCI School of Medicine. “While more confirmatory work needs to be done, our study points to an entirely new direction in efforts to eliminate brain bleeding and its consequences.”
The study, titled, “Brain Endothelial Erythrophagocytosis and Hemoglobin Transmigration Across brain Endothelium: Implications for Pathogenesis of Cerebral Microbleeds,” was published in Frontiers in Cellular Neuroscience. Much of the new research, which was done in collaboration with the Keck Graduate Institute, was based in large part on previous work done by Fisher related to cerebral bleeds and how they are often an undetected cause of dementia and how they may develop after concussions.
Cache Machine provides automatic caching and invalidation for Django models through the ORM. The code is hosted on github.
For an overview of new features and backwards-incompatible changes which may affect you, please see the Release Notes.
Before we start, you’ll have to update your settings.py to use one of the caching backends provided by Cache Machine. Prior to Django 1.6, Django’s built-in caching backends did not allow for infinite cache timeouts, which are critical for doing invalidation (see below). Cache Machine extends the locmem and memcached backends provided by Django to enable indefinite caching when a timeout of caching.base.FOREVER is passed. If you were already using one of these backends, you can probably go on using them just as you were.
Cache Machine also supports the other memcache backend support by Django >= 1.4 based on pylibmc: caching.backends.memcached.PyLibMCCache.
Calls to QuerySet.count() can be cached, but they cannot be reliably invalidated. Cache Machine would have to do a full select to figure out the object keys, which is probably much more data than you want to pull. I recommend a short cache timeout; long enough to avoid repetitive queries, but short enough that stale counts won’t be a big deal.
By default, calls to QuerySet.count() are not cached. They are only cached if CACHE_COUNT_TIMEOUT is set to a value other than caching.base.NO_CACHE.
By default Cache Machine does not invalidate queries when a new object is created, because it can be expensive to maintain a flush list of all the queries associated with a given table and cause significant disruption on high-volume sites when all the queries for a particular model are invalidated at once. If these are not issues for your site and immediate inclusion of created objects in previously cached queries is desired, you can enable this feature as follows:
To enable caching for a model, add the CachingManager to that class and inherit from the CachingMixin. If you want related lookups (foreign keys) to hit the cache, CachingManager must be the default manager. If you have multiple managers that should be cached, return a CachingQuerySet from the other manager’s get_queryset method instead of subclassing CachingManager, since that would hook up the post_save and post_delete signals multiple times.
Whenever you run a query, CachingQuerySet will try to find that query in the cache. Queries are keyed by {prefix}:{sql}. If it’s there, we return the cached result set and everyone is happy. If the query isn’t in the cache, the normal codepath to run a database query is executed. As the objects in the result set are iterated over, they are added to a list that will get cached once iteration is done.
To support easy cache invalidation, we use “flush lists” to mark the cached queries an object belongs to. That way, all queries where an object was found will be invalidated when that object changes. Flush lists map an object key to a list of query keys.
When an object is saved or deleted, all query keys in its flush list will be deleted. In addition, the flush lists of its foreign key relations will be cleared. To avoid stale foreign key relations, any cached objects will be flushed when the object their foreign key points to is invalidated.
During cache invalidation, we explicitly set a None value instead of just deleting so we don’t have any race condtions where:
By default, the timeout for a CachingQuerySet instance will be the timeout of the underlying cache being used by Cache Machine. To change the timeout of a CachingQuerySet instance, you can assign a different value to the timeout attribute which represents the number of seconds to cache for
Some things can be cached better outside of the ORM, so Cache Machine provides the function caching.base.cached() for caching arbitrary objects. Using this function gives you more control over what gets cached, and for how long, while abstracting a few repetitive elements.
Cache Machine includes a Jinja2 extension to cache template fragments based on a queryset or cache-aware object. These fragments will get invalidated on using the same rules as CachingQuerySets.
Cache Machine support storing flush lists in Redis rather than memcached, which is more efficient because Redis can manipulate the lists on the server side rather than having to tranfer the entire list back and forth for each modification.
To enable Redis support for Cache Machine, add the following to your settings file, replacing localhost with the hostname of your Redis server:
When using Redis, memcached is still used for caching model objects, i.e., only the flush lists are stored in Redis. You still need to configure CACHES the way you would normally for Cache Machine.
This Phalaenopsis is what we in the nursery business like to call “pretty.” Even the unopened buds at the top of the bloom spike are pretty. Someone should figure out a way to reproduce these pretty flowers.

"I completed my certification in Humanistic Integrative Counseling in 2017/18. As a parting gift, I did not just leave with the certificate but a validated confidence in my own capabilities and potential. CPPD and most specifically Lynne Kaye carry the art of trusting the person as a human and providing it with the tools needed to connect it to the powerhouse residing within the self.
Personally, I owe it to Lynne for giving me the hope and optimism back in life that serves as the fuel to get me going.Thank you! "
"Prior to commencing the course, I had been a youth development practitioner. In the course of my work I realised that motivational speaking/ self-help only worked to a certain extent after which individuals fell back into their patterns of thinking, feeling and behaving. I found the answer during this course.
The tutors at CPPD created a safe space wherein I could explore deep seated trauma and became aware of what caused my distress. This gave me the courage and awareness to make much needed changed in my professional and personal life.
In a way, it was an experience of learning aboard in the comfort of my hometown. At the moment I am pursuing a Masters in Counselling at Monash University, Australia. During which time I have come to understand that the CPPD qualification gave me an edge. I learnt what counselling was in an experiential manner which now allows me to hold space for my clients.
"I usually look at my life pre and post CPPD and I think there's a huge difference. The biggest change I can see is that I learnt to create boundaries, self-love and empathy for others. I started the certificate course to make someone happy but within my first week, I realized that this is something that I have to do till the end. I was always too excited for my classes and never missed any of them or even came late.
Lynn and Jenny makes the entire journey to be a counsellor so beautiful and pleasant that you don't feel like missing a second of it and our group's bonding was exceptional as well. The interactions, presentations and food were the best part of it. This is one thing that I really did for myself and I am so proud of it. I have now moved to Australia and my certificate, diploma and adv diploma with CPPD helped me immensely. I have recently started working here. I miss my classes a lot. I can't thank Lynn and Jenny enough. I can go on and on about them and CPPD. Cheers & good luck".
"I am so sad that it is over and am not sure what to do with my Tuesday evenings now, CPPD really has become my home".
"The course material was varied, in depth and stimulating. More importantly though; it took me on a deep emotional journey. Since so much of the learning was experiential we delved into our own inner world which is so fundamental for our work with people. The emotional development was more than anything I had envisaged.
Additionally, my tutors were encouraging and supportive. I felt appreciated as an individual even whilst being part of a group.
CPPD Integrative training provides an inclusive environment, endorsing an ethos of acknowledging and valuing individuality, rather than seeking to churn out clones.
"The training, whilst challenging, both academically and emotionally, is supported by excellent tutors who engender an environment of trust, respect, curiosity and expression, embedding conditions that we as Counsellors seek to offer our clients. The content and theories are thorough, and showed me how to believe in the process, empowering me to search and find myself both as an individual and as the now qualified Counsellor that I have become. It has been the most valuable professional and personal training of my life"
From the moment I walked through the door at CPPD to begin my Diploma, I felt very welcomed and accepted.
"I felt the tutors at CPPD were extremely supportive and very much helped me on my journey to become a confident qualified counsellor. I found the whole learning experience to be engaging and well paced, which also fell in line with my own personal development.
I left CPPD feeling confident and ready for my continuing journey as a counsellor. I also feel that the door I walked through at CPPD back in October 2012 is still open for me should I ever need any future guidance and I feel I was truly privileged and grateful to have studied at CPPD".
"I have been a student at CPPD, for two years having done the Self-Development, Certificate and Diploma course. It has been an interesting and an insightful journey for me. In the beginning, I was slightly sceptical about the duration and planning of the course, but now after having done the Diploma, I feel that each course is been planned out perfectly, the time between each module gives the space required to process things. Each course has been structured with a lot of thought, care and effort, from not only the academic point of view, but also keeping in mind the student intake of information and self-process.
Lynne Kaye has the incredible capacity to hold a group as a group and hold an individual in a group. Her way of teaching has inspired me to learn more and be present, and I have achieved everything that I had hoped for, from these courses. I am seeing clients since the beginning of the diploma course, and I really feel humbled and grateful to be a counsellor, having learned from the best.
"A wide range of theories and techniques explained, discussed and worked on in class by experts in their field. Was really helpful sharing live client cases to explore as a group which gave me further support and ideas for my clinical work. This was commented upon by my placement supervisors. I have grown in self-awareness which has enabled me to enhance my own clinical work and develop my website www.talkingsouthlondon.co.uk. Nice clean facilities and plenty of rest breaks. Thanks CPPD!"
"The course gives a practical and theoretical foundation which is both academically sound whilst encouraging yet each student to develop their own style. It is mentally and emotionally challenging, designed to be rigorous in ensuring its students develop into competent professionals.
I felt really well equipped and supported when the time came to first see my clients. Classmates became trusted friends and cheerleaders to each other on the journey and I have made many friends for life".
"Training to become a counsellor can be challenging, there is so much to learn both theoretically and personally, but at CPPD I have felt completely supported and encouraged all the way through. The care, compassion and attention to detail given by everyone from tutors to the admin team is truly awe inspiring. At CPPD individuality is prized and students complete their training feeling competent and excited about their future. I will always cherish the time I spent at CPPD and would recommend it to anyone interested in training". –
"At CPPD with each advancing year finding new and exciting ways to engage and help us as students, deepening our knowledge and understanding of integrative theory and practice. They have drawn on a range of tutors who are experts in their areas, providing a detailed overview of many different subjects and specialities within the field. I feel well grounded and confident to begin working in the profession and grateful to have completed my qualification here".
“I chose to study at CPPD as the Advanced Diploma is BACP accredited. My time spent there was an incredible journey of personal and professional growth. The staff, from admin through to teaching, were very supportive throughout".
I graduated at the end of spring (Jeremy’s class) and have since set up a small but fairly successful private practice in South London (www.counsellingsessionslondon.com).
"Also I’m delighted to let you know that I’m about to start my new job – Team Leader Counsellor at a London drugs and alcohol counselling service. Thanks to CPPD!”
"It can be challenging and demands much of its students but the satisfaction and sense of personal development you get is really rewarding."
"I found the eclectic range of approaches very interesting to compare, and beautifully summarised and integrated into the body of the course by Clare Solloway. I have now undertaken four trainings to diploma level or above in relation to counselling, and the Diploma in Supervision was by far the most enjoyable and easy to integrate into practice. Since I completed the course I have offered internal individual supervision at an alcohol agency called CASA, now closed, in which I worked as manager of the Older Persons’ Service.
I also offered group supervision to trainee and qualified counsellors and psychotherapists at Age UK –this was particularly interesting as a significant number of our clients had early stage dementia. I currently offer internal supervision to the staff at University College London Hospital, who work as part of thePsychological and Emotional Care Team. I feel the training I received at CPPD has stood me in good stead, and has acted as a strong foundation on which to build." –
Mike Fox BSc Hons, Reg MBACP (Snr Accred)- Author of‘Counselling Older People with Alcohol Problems’
Training with CPPD at Certificate and Diploma level has been an absolutely amazing experience for me, which has well and truly lived up to my expectations and more.
"The course content, supervision, and guest speakers have been really valuable and all delivered to a really high standard. In terms of personal growth, it has been an equally challenging and rewarding two years that has positively enhanced my life in many ways. With only one more year to go on the Advanced Diploma I’m keen to get started to further deepen my personal and professional experiences with CPPD"
"In many ways it has given me a sense of direction and a new lease on life. When I started a few months ago, I was at crossroads and seeking the much needed self awareness that this course provided me with. I feel enlightened and empowered now to make the right choices in life based on the insight I gained through the course content and supervision.
It feels liberating to be able to make decisions that come from a place of personal freedom and empowerment. I feel blessed to have found so many like minded people on the course who were struggling through their own journey and this space gave us the support and solace in each other under the safe guidance and compassionate tutelage of Lynne.
I have just been offered a job as a Student Counsellor and I’m very excited about embarking on this new career as it will give me the opportunity to utilize my training and skills to help adolescents with recurring teenage problems that have an impact on their personality development, a cause I feel strongly about being a teacher. I would recommend this course to anyone who has a yearning for personal development and a desire to help people discover their inner resources in order to heal and grow."
I have a very successful private practice just 2 years after qualifying, and I am so grateful to Lynne, Jenny and everyone involved with CPPD. Highly recommended.
"Training at CPPD was a life changing experience for me. When I embarked upon the certificate course, I wasnt even sure if I really wanted to be a counsellor – it was something personal that I needed to do to make sense of my own life experience. What I ended up getting, was both personal and professional inspiration.
Throughout my training, I was able to grow as a person and as a counsellor. All my teachers over the three years were excellent – all very real in themselves as teachers, counsellors and human beings. Even seeing the grounded nature of each in being so clearly suited to their particular year/syllabus, was a lesson in self esteem itself!
My experience of the philosophy behind the teaching, is that of a balance between learning and holding; high challenge and high support. This for me, is a perfect mirror of the client / counsellor relationship. I feel like I came out of CPPD knowing my 'theory', but more importantly knowing the fundamental importance of the therapeutic relationship".
To CPPD: I just wanted to let you know I received my BACP accreditation in the post yesterday and felt it important to say thank you for your input into my learning at CPPD. Without it, I would not have achieved the personal goals that I have achieved. – Many thanks
"I was introduced to CPPD after my therapist suggested the self development workshop. It was like being born into a new world where I was held with care and nurtured by all these expert and wise caregivers. It kindled my interest of self awareness and self development. I eventually ended up in the certificate course. The experience of acquiring knowledge had never been so gripping. I witnessed a gradual and profound change in my self as I went along the course. Now at the end of the certificate I find myself both personally and professionally inspired and aiming for the diploma"
"We value every student’s existing life experiences and skills within our friendly and creative environment".

As I travel fairly regularly, I am no stranger to renting cars. It’s always a slightly nervy moment for me after having so many unsatisfactory experiences over the years; from awful cars to tricky situations involving deposits. The most recent experience, though, is one that I want to share, as it’s an important lesson from which others may learn. It’s…


OpenGL ES 3.0 is a terrific update to the standard that brings many important desktop OpenGL features to embedded devices. …
If you’re developing a cross-platform OpenGL application, or even targeting just a single platform, you will be stuck with trying to decide which among the many, many versions of OpenGL you should support. It’s a high-stake decision: the versions vary so much that it would be a nightmare workload to try to support them all. …
Xfce’s only problem is that its technology is a bit old: GTK+2 rather than GTK+3. This causes some (minor) conflicts with newer applications, and divergent themes. You basically need to use themes that come with identical GTK+2 and GTK+3 versions. Sticking with Greybird is thus a good idea. The Xfce project is working on migrating to GTK+3, but it will take a while, and they’re not in any hurry. That’s OK, neither am I. …
Do you manage a public computer lab? Maintaining a single terminal server is so much easier and cheaper than maintaining individual workstations. …
For those, like me, who wanted to give GNOME 3 a chance, another problem was that the platform was moving quickly, breaking extensions and themes with every new release (more on that later). Unless you stuck to the defaults, you had to keep adapting your habits with every new release. None of these problems exist anymore. …
Nothing else, in the free and proprietary software worlds, comes close. Windows 8 attempted convergence, but with miserable results. Instead of one unified interface, we got an unwieldy hybrid, with the desktop interface essentially deprecated, despite its being still very, very necessary. Apple might have something up their sleeves, but for now OS X and iOS are very different beasts. Indeed, OS X remains an old-fashioned, clunky realization of the venerable windowed paradigm. Unity doesn’t try to “revolutionize”: it takes what we already know, just organizes it better and streamlines it. …
Note that you do not need a dedicated Ubuntu server for this guide. I ran a terminal server just fine using Ubuntu 14.04 or 12.04 running inside VirtualBox. If you do so, just make sure the virtual machine is running with the network adapter in bridged mode, so that it is a full participant in the LAN. …
It’s not so easy! You can’t just use the “./configure and make” build system most libraries come with. Instead, at the very least you’re going to have to create your own custom “Android.mk”, which lists the .c files you need and sets up gcc correctly. …
Taxes? Yes please! That our scholarship money is taxable is a huge pain in the ass. I hope to show you in this handy dandy guide that if you follow the rather complicated rules, you will probably not have to pay any federal taxes, or much less than you think.
I wrote it for our situation, but I think it would apply for any full-time graduate student, on a smallish stipend, with perhaps a part-time extra job. Though oriented for singles filing separately, the bottom line ends up being the same even if you’re married and filing together — just the calculations are different at different stages. I should note that I’m anything but a tax expert. I’m just a guy who hates paying money, and hates getting in trouble for evasion. So, feel free to double-check if you’re suspicious, and to correct me if I’m wrong.
Some of you have creatively reduced your reported income by subtracting certain purchases (computers, apartment rent, research books) from earned income. However, it states clearly in the tax instructions that you’re not allowed to do that. You’re at most allowed to subtract the cost of books and lab equipment specifically required for courses, which isn’t much for us anthropologists. Some of you, exasperated by the complex instructions (and I sympathize) have just been declaring it all and paying hundreds of dollars in taxes. You were half right, as this guide shows. You’ll also be happy to know that if you take some more time, recalculate your mistaken taxes from previous years, and file them with the 1040X (the correction 1040), you will get that money back. (I know it works, because I did it and have the 800 greenbacks right here to prove it.)
1. First off, you will have to use the full form 1040, and not any of the simplified variations, together with form 8863. You can download these from the IRS site. (Note that they are editable PDF files, so you can fill in the forms in software and then print.)
2. You’ll also need form 1098-T, sent to you by the university. The copy you got is only for your reference, as another copy was automatically sent directly to the IRS. (This is important to note! You cannot hide your stipend from the IRS!)
3. Also, of course, you need whatever W2 forms you received from employers, or any other forms for miscellaneous work compensation (such as the 1099-MISC).
4. Finally, and annoyingly, you need a sum of all stipend checks you received from the university, or any other scholarship granting institution, for the tax year. Your bank statements might be the best way to locate these if you didn’t otherwise keep track.
1. In form 1040 line 7, you sum your income. Include the sum of your stipend checks from 4, above. (If you like, you can subtract course-required purchases. I doubt it will make a difference, and you can just save yourself the trouble.)
2. Also, on the dotted line on line 7, write “SCH” and then the sum of your stipend checks. I know this is weird, but this is what you’re supposed to do! (Honest, it says so in the instructions, and I’ve had financial advisers say it and do it.)
This largish amount might scare you, because no taxes were withheld for the stipend checks, and it might look like it’s payback time. To the rescue comes form 8863, and the Lifetime Earning Credit. The Lifetime Earning Credit reduces the tax you owe by up to $2,000. That credit goes back to form 1040 line 49, so that it’s reduced from the tax you owe after you look it up in the tax table. So, let’s move over there before finishing the 1040.
1. The Lifetime Earning Credit has nothing at all to do with stipend size, but is calculated in relation to how much you were charged by your institution for the year. You see this when you copy “amount billed for qualified tuition and related expenses” from form 1098-T line 2 to form 8863 line 3. This is great for us, because our university is expensive and charges us a lot, even though that charge is covered, for some of us, by an internal scholarship.
... If you were charged more than $10,000, then it’s the full $2,000 credit (see form 1098-T line 2). This would be true for anyone who is a full-time student.
... If you were charged less than $10,000, then it’s 20% of what you were charged, which is less than $2,000, but still good. This would be true for anyone who is pro forma or in Advanced Residency.
... If it’s less than $25,000 and you’re a full-time student, then you absolutely have nothing to worry about. Your Lifetime Earning Credit will cover your taxes.
... If you have a really nice scholarship, or a side job that brings your earnings beyond $25,000, well, those earnings most likely have had tax withheld already (form W2 line 2), and you’re most probably also entirely covered, and at least partially covered.
... If you earned more than $47,000, then the credit will shrink. It becomes proportionally smaller up to $57,000, beyond which you cannot get the credit. (I’m not going to cry for you, though.)
If you followed this narrative thus far, you can see that the bottom line is that the Lifetime Earning Credit is there in order to encourage people of low income to go to expensive schools.
There’s something in all this that seems, at first glance, grossly unfair. We seem to be doubly privileged: not only do we get the benefit of going to a rich, private institution, but also we get a tax credit as an extra reward for doing so. We are indeed doubly privileged! It’s not, however, the IRS that’s privileging us; it’s the University of Chicago, which does not give us a tuition waiver, but instead formally charges us for tuition, while providing us with an internal scholarship to cover that charge. Our tax history (via the 1098-T) thus records that we were charged heavily for our eduction, even though the charge is mostly invisible to us. This educational charge qualifies us for tax, and perhaps other benefits.
right now, i should be reading Bartolome de Las Casas’ “The Only Way,” about how to convert the Native Americans, who the Spanish had just “discovered” back in the early 16th century, when Las Casas does his thinking.
instead, i am wandering around my mind, inspired by the book i just finished, thinking, “hey, i could do that!” for about the twenty-second time, reading the author’s old blog posts, then clicking through gmail-facebook-twitter, in the too-familiar sequence of the wired-in tic every internet addict (most of us, these days) must have.
i wonder where my “voice” is, i wonder if my writing sounds like “me.” I rarely think it does. i wonder what my “style” is. instead of these really inane wonderings, i shall write a bit about this book. this is not a “review”–notice–this is just “love.”
For one, Molly‘s prose. It’s the first book in years that I’ve read chunks out loud to whoever happens to be nearby, just because the wording is so fantastic. how does one do that? (i’ve been told, “practice.”) As i read, and even more now, i turn over in my mind one of the little sentences of praise that’s on the back or on the front, it says, “every story tells a recipe.” I thought it was a little bit trite when i first read the phrase, how clever the reviewer must have thought him/her-self, but as i gulped down the book, he/she was right. and here lies my one qualm: each chapter, a few pages of story, a page or two of recipe, gets its title inspiration from the story, not the recipe. So how am i to find one recipe when i want it? I want to go back to the braised cabbage (we’re starting a winter CSA next week, and i’m eager to know what to do with what i’m sure will be lots of winter cabbage) and the chocolate cake that they used for their wedding and the cornmeal cake that’s eaten with maple syrup and the stewed prunes… clearly, it’s a varietous collection, and now that she’s on to her second book, a similar style, it seems, about birthing a restaurant, i’m eager for more (but will have to wait till early 2013, according to her website).
This entry was posted in food, Reading, Recipe and tagged Family, love, Molly Wizenberg, recipes, relationships by Emily. Bookmark the permalink.	

WASHINGTON, D.C. – On Sunday, October 22, Congressman Stephen F. Lynch (D-Boston) will host an information session for all high school students in the Eighth Congressional District interested in applying to one of the United States Service Academies.
Representatives from each of the following academies will make brief presentations and be available for questions:
For those unable to attend, more information on the Service Academy nomination process is available on our website: https://lynch.house.gov/serving-you/military-academy-nominations
When we left Maryland it was raining and damp, then we hit construction on the New York State Thruway so it took ten long hours to get to Stowe. When we got to Stowe, the sun was shining and it was 70 degrees. My kind of weather. I checked the weather in Stevensville and discovered that it was warmer in Vermont. So it was a great night to sit outside and have dinner. After dinner we checked the gardens at the Stone Hill Inn and it is just as beautiful as we remembered.
Spotted this beautiful flower by the parking area alongside the Inn. Does anyone know what kind of flower it is. We will be here for a couple more days and will have to check each day to see if more of it blooms

Appreciation for really being thoughtful and also for deciding on certain marvelous guides most people really want to be aware of.

On Thursday, HHS released the National Prevention Strategy, which provides a framework for federal agencies to consider preventive health care when making decisions, The Hill 's "Healthwatch" reports.
The strategy focuses on preventing substance misuse and violence and promoting healthy eating, physical activity, reproductive health, and mental and emotional well-being.
It does not include any additional funding, but it could influence how HHS allocates $15 billion provided by the federal health reform law for prevention (Baker, "Healthwatch," The Hill , 6/16).
"The Administration is laying the foundation to help transform our health care system from a system focused on treating the sick to one that's focused on keeping every American healthy," said Melody Barnes, director of the Domestic Policy Council at the White House.
The strategy was drafted by the National Prevention Council, which includes representatives from 17 federal agencies, all of whom have committed to emphasizing prevention in their day-to-day decisions.
Immunization, cancer screenings and other preventive care, if made available, will translate to better care and lower health care costs;
Providing easy-to-understand educational materials on preventive care will help U.S. residents make better choices; and
Jeff Levi -- executive director of the Trust for America's Health and chair of an advisory group that was involved with developing the strategy -- said the initiative adds "a health lens to the work that people are already doing." He added, "For example, as the Transportation Department considers a new street, how are they contributing to active living as opposed to just building a road?" (Schatz/Sapatkin, Philadelphia Inquirer , 6/17).
In related news, HHS on Thursday also announced that $4 million from the federal health reform law's Prevention and Public Health Fund is available to community-based health care organizations, CQ HealthBeat reports.
The grants are available to organizations with a national network of affiliates that operate in at least 85% of the country. Groups with a focus on reaching minorities must demonstrate that they can reach at least 30% of their selected demographic and have affiliates in at least four states.
Organizations can apply for grants for a wide range of projects, including tobacco cessation and anti-obesity efforts.
States have made some improvements in bioterrorism preparedness since 2001, but most remain "woefully unprepared" to respond to a bioterrorist attack or public health emergency, according to a report released on Tuesday by the Trust for America's Health, USA Today reports (Hall, USA Today , 12/15). The report is the second annual survey of state bioterrorism preparedness conducted by TAH, but the group revised the criteria since last year that made comparisons with the previous results incomparable (Baldor, AP/Bakersfield Californian , 12/14).
According to the new report, the federal government since 2001 has spent $3 billion to improve bioterrorism preparedness, but states have made "little progress" in the implementation of systems to track disease outbreaks, the preparation for widespread distribution of medications and vaccines and the provision of equipment to enable laboratories to identify and test for pathogens, USA Today reports ( USA Today , 12/15). Most states also lack statewide bioterrorism response plans, and many have not adequately funded their public health systems, according to the report.
Federal bioterrorism funds decreased by $1 million per state in fiscal year 2004, and about one-third of states reduced their public health budgets, the report found ( AP/Bakersfield Californian , 12/14). In addition, the report found that many states face "impending mass retirement of state public-health personnel," which "creates a challenge that is unlikely to abate in the foreseeable future" (Shelton, Orlando Sentinel , 12/15).
The report graded states on whether they met 10 criteria for bioterrorism preparedness, such as the amount of state and federal funds spent on public health, flu vaccination rates and the number of scientists and laboratories available to test for anthrax or plague ( AP/Bakersfield Californian , 12/14). In addition, the report graded states on whether they have laboratories that can handle pathogens, the legal authority to order quarantines, an adequate public health workforce, the ability to track disease outbreaks electronically and plans to respond to a flu pandemic (Imse, Denver Rocky Mountain News , 12/15).
According to the report, no state met all 10 criteria, and most met only five or six. Florida and North Carolina met the most criteria at nine, and Massachusetts and Alaska met the fewest at three ( AP/Bakersfield Californian , 12/14). The report found that many states "lack the resources to handle routine threats" -- such as a severe flu season -- "let alone the potential devastation of an intentional smallpox or plague outbreak," the Sentinel reports ( Orlando Sentinel , 12/15).
According to the report, only six states have the ability to distribute medications and vaccines from a federal stockpile in a public health emergency; 20 states have no plan to respond to a flu pandemic; only five state have public health labs with the ability and space to address a chemical attack; and two-thirds of states do not have the ability to track disease outbreaks electronically ( USA Today , 12/15). In addition, only 16 states have an adequate number of labs and only 21 have an adequate number of scientists to address serious disease outbreaks ( AP/Bakersfield Californian , 12/14).
The report recommended several improvements for U.S. bioterrorism preparedness. The report said that the federal government should establish consistent, measurable standards of improvement to ensure states are held accountable for their bioterrorism preparedness.
In addition, the report said that states should conduct more drills to improve their response to bioterrorist attacks and to identify problems. The report also recommended improvements in public health services, such as systems to monitor diseases ( Orlando Sentinel , 12/15).
"More than three years after 9/11 and the anthrax tragedies, we've only made baby steps toward better bioterrorism preparedness, rather than the giant leaps required to adequately protect the American people," TAH President Lowell Weicker said (Heil, CongressDaily , 12/14). He attributed the lack of bioterrorism preparedness to "public perceptions," adding, "It's easy to visualize planes going down. (But) it's far more difficult to understand matters scientific, which are far more deadly in terms of the number of people who could be affected."
Shelley Hearne, executive director of TAH, said, "Health preparedness is probably the weakest link in homeland security. Ironically, it's the one we've had the most reminders about in the past three years" ( Orlando Sentinel , 12/15).
Von Roebuck, a CDC spokesperson, said that agency officials "feel comfortable that any state in the nation could respond" to a bioterrorist attack. He added that "there's been a lot of really good progress that's been made" on bioterrorism preparedness, although "there is work that still needs to be ongoing."
Lisa Speissegger, a public health analyst with the National Conference of State Legislatures, said, "It's really tough to work with a federal budget that's not consistent year to year. Public health departments are doing the best they can" ( USA Today , 12/15).
Health officials for Colorado, which the report found met six of the 10 criteria, questioned the results because some of the data used was outdated. Ned Calonge, chief medical officer for the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, said that the state meets all 10 criteria, adding that TAH "didn't call us" (Denver Rocky Mountain News , 12/15). The report is available online. Note: You must have Adobe Acrobat Reader to view the report.
"The World" -- a production of BBC World Service, PRI and WGBH Boston -- on Tuesday included an interview with Hearne (Werman, "The World," PRI, 12/14). The complete segment is available online in Windows Media.


Minister L. Linkevičius bids farewell to the outgoing Ambassador of Spain | News | Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Consular News Cultural events Bilateral Relations Activities of the Minister of Foreign Affairs Multilateral Relations News of the Ministry European Union NATO and International Security News of Representations Economic Relations Lithuanians Living Abroad Cultural Diplomacy Development Cooperation and Democracy Promotion Speeches, Statements Lithuania in Global Media Publications, Radio and TV coverage Media Monitor on Lithuania and its Foreign Policy UN Security Council
2018-11-14 On 14 November at 10:00 a.m., the Minister Linas Linkevičius is attending a meeting of the Seimas Committee on Foreign Affairs
2018-11-14 On 14 November at 1:00 p.m., the Minister Linas Linkevičius is taking part in the Government meeting and sitting
2018-11-14 On 14 November at 10:00 a.m., the Vice-Minister Darius Skusevičius is taking part in the conference “Innovative Energy Solutions for Military Applications” (IESMA 2018)
2018-11-14 On 14 November at 8:30 a.m., the Vice-Minister Neris Germanas is meeting with Henrik Mygal Nordentoft, Regional Representative of the UNHCR Regional Representation for Northern Europe
Lithuania’s Foreign Minister thanked the Ambassador for the role of Spain in strengthening security of Lithuania and other Baltic states and for his personal efforts in developing bilateral relations.
“Lithuania is very grateful to Spain for its significant contribution to security of our country and the region. Spanish fighters have already taken part in five NATO’s air policing missions or missions of strengthening air policing in the Baltic states, including three times in Lithuania. From May to August this year, Spanish Eurofighter jets were deployed to Šiauliai and contributed to the protection of airspace over Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia. I personally thank the Ambassador for his personal efforts to develop our bilateral cultural and economic ties," said L. Linkevičius.
The Spanish Ambassador Emilio Fernandez-Castano y Diaz-Caneja has been accredited to Lithuania since 2014.

T-Marc® 250P is a cost effective, fully-managed Carrier Ethernet Demarcation Network Interface Device (NID) that provides service termination and demarcation over service providers’ packet-based networks.
As a multi-port customer-located intelligent demarcation network interface device (NID), the T-Marc delivers managed converged services (voice, video and data) over virtual Ethernet in a metro Ethernet network.
The T-Marc supports a wide range of OAM and service assurance tools designed to alleviate the operational challenges that providers face when deploying Ethernet. Advanced Layer 2 Networking using Telco Systems’ AccessEthernet™ allows total flexibility in deployment and delivery of Ethernet services.


b. Submit News! Do you have some good news you’d like to share with your classmates? Let us know about marriages, births, new jobs and promotions. Contact: kswanson@cr.k12.ia.us.
c. Finding A Classmate – The CRCSF takes the privacy of District alumni very seriously. If you are looking for contact information for an old classmate and/or to purchase an alumni directory, the Foundation may be able to help facilitate communication. Contact Karen @ kswanson@cr.k12.ia.us We will work to help as best we can!
d. Finding A Former Teacher – Due to Iowa privacy laws, all requests for current/former teacher information is handled via the CRCSD Human Resources department. Please contact them at 319-558-2000.
Welcome to contact us page of create-meme.com which holds all latest information about our website and its updates in new changes.
Help us to improve more, because more the feed backs will help us to run along with the generation, all the memes created in this page by the visitors create-meme.com is not resposible for memes.
Create-meme.com is just a tool for creating memes and making collage or templates, we are responsible if you got hurt by a meme which is created from our website, our website is just for entertainment which will help many simple people to generate memes.
Again please don't make memes that will hurt people thank you, for donation, advertisement, careers please contact us through email id: clickhttpswiki@gmail.com .

So my darling Devilboy came home from pre-school yesterday singing the national anthem, “Avast Our ‘Stralia Fair”, which the are learning as part of the school Christmas concert (no , I don’t get the connection either).
But thank Gods, I say, for I was living under a decades long cloud of ignorance to the actual lyrics of our national song.
Not only was I unaware that we were a nation of pirates, I’d never before realised that the first line was, and I quote, “Our ‘Stralia’s all fartarse for choice” or that we were “good by sea”. I was particularly surprised to learn that our land abounds in nature’s gifts “of beauty Richard Ray” and that in “joy for strays” we all should sing “Avast Our ‘Stralia Fair”.
March 16, 2018 ≈ Wedding ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :cheap wedding gifts for parents, cheap wedding gifts walmart, cheap wedding gifts philippines, cheap wedding gifts for couple, cheap wedding gifts near me
October 14, 2017 ≈ Wedding ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :can you use engagement ring as wedding ring, can you use engagement ring as wedding band, do you wear engagement ring and wedding ring, do you use engagement ring as wedding ring, do you wear your engagement ring and wedding ring on the same finger
Or maybe minimalism is your style and you’re just not into the idea of a ton of Wedding Hair For Round Face, but you still want to personalize the celebration. Browse Wedding Hair For Round Face ideas for your ceremony & reception, whether you’re throwing your wedding in a barn or ballroom, we have creative & DIY inspiration. [mwp_html tag=”img” src=”https://mundobecas.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/10-powerful-photos-wedding-hair-for-round-face-collections.jpg” alt=”12 Luxury Wedding Hair For Round Face Tips”] Shop for elegant […]
October 17, 2018 ≈ Wedding ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :wedding hairstyle for round face indian, wedding hair for round face, wedding hairstyle for round face asian, wedding hairstyle for round face 2017,
January 15, 2018 ≈ Wedding ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :destination wedding dress code wording, destination wedding guest dress code, destination wedding dress code,
I am a serial entrepreneur, designer, artist, marketer, and athlete who is passionate about making things work, solving puzzles of all types, and making the world better while doing what I do. (Almost) nothing fulfills me more than seeing people find success via something I have done, helped them with, or created for them. I started my design career in NYC in the premiere agency of that time, Chermayeff & Geismar. I made my way through a variety of other design shops working on logo and brand development, print publications, packaging, and signage for about 10 years. Then BOOM, the internet changed everything and my career added a brand new focus. And I haven't looked back. Today, the role of a designer requires a vast knowledge and skill base to be truly effective. My job today is so much more rich and comprehensive then it was 25 years ago, and I love it. I can't wait to bring what I know and am good at to my next project...maybe yours.	

Spain and Little Romano. They just have the cutest family relationship ever <333. Wallpaper and background images in the Hetalia Spain club tagged: photo hetalia aph spain romano.

Adelheid Onyango is Adviser for Nutrition at the World Health Organization’s Regional Office for Africa and Bibi Giyose is Senior Nutrition and Food Systems officer, and Special Advisor to the CEO of the New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD).
BRAZZAVILLE, Congo, Aug 14 2018 (IPS) - When faced with a crisis, our natural reaction is to deal with its immediate threats. Ateka* came to the make-shift clinic with profuse diarrhoea: they diagnosed cholera. The urgent concern in the midst of that humanitarian crisis was to treat the infection and send her home as quickly as possible. But she came back to the treatment centre a few days later – not for cholera, but because she was suffering from severe acute malnutrition. Doctors had saved her life but not restored her health. And there were others too, who like Ateka eventually succumbed to severe malnutrition.
This scene could have taken place in any of the dozen or so African countries that have suffered a cholera outbreak this year alone. Experience from managing epidemics has shown that when the population’s baseline nutritional status is poor, the loss of life is high.
Beyond malnutrition’s damaging impact on bodily health, it weakens the immune system, reducing the body’s resistance to infection and resilience in illness.
On the flipside, integrating the treatment of malnutrition in the response to humanitarian crises assures survival and recovery better than an exclusive focus on treating diseases.
As countries across the continent commit themselves to Universal Health Coverage (UHC), the same lessons need to apply. UHC is ultimately about achieving health and wellbeing for all by 2030, a goal that is inextricably linked with that of ending hunger and all forms of malnutrition.
With 11 million Africans falling into poverty every year due to catastrophic out-of-pocket payments for healthcare, no one can question the need to ensure that everyone, everywhere, can obtain the health services they need, when and where they need them, without facing financial hardship.
As wealth patterns and consumption habits change, the African region is now faced with the triple burden of malnutrition – undernutrition coupled with micronutrient deficiencies and increasing levels of obesity and diet-related non-communicable diseases.
In 2016, an estimated 59 million children in Africa were stunted (a 17 percent increase since 2000) and 14 million suffered from wasting – a strong predictor of death among children under five. That same year, 10 million were overweight; almost double the figure from 2000. It’s estimated that by 2020, non-communicable diseases will cause around 3.9 million deaths annually in the African region alone.
Yet most of the diseases that entail catastrophic costs to individuals, households and national healthcare systems in Africa could be avoided if everyone was living actively and consuming adequate, diverse, safe and nutritious food. After all, a healthy diet not only allows us to grow, develop and prosper, it also protects against obesity, diabetes, raised blood pressure, cardiovascular disease and some cancers.
To tackle malnutrition, achieve UHC and ultimately reach the goal of health and wellbeing for all, governments need to put in place the right investments, policies and incentives.
As a starting point, governments need to assure the basic necessities of food security, clean water and improved sanitation to prevent and reduce undernutrition among poor rural communities and urban slum populations in Africa. For example, reduction in open defecation has been successful in reducing undernutrition in Ethiopia, parts of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Mali and Tanzania.
Then, to influence what people eat, we need to do a better job at improving food environments and at educating them about what constitutes a healthy diet. Hippocrates asserted that_ “all disease begins in the gut_,” with the related counsel to “let food be thy medicine.”
Current research on chronic diseases is reasserting the health benefits of consuming minimally-processed staple foods which formed the basis of traditional African diets. This information needs to be communicated to the public through the health and education sectors and complemented by agricultural innovation to increase production of the nutrient-rich grains, crickets, herbs, roots, fruits and vegetables that were the medicine for longevity among our hardy ancestors.
But until that awareness is in place, policies and programmes are urgently needed to protect and promote healthy diets right from birth. This includes regulating the marketing of breast milk substitutes and foods that help establish unhealthy food preferences and eating habits from early childhood.
In South Africa, for example, the country with the highest obesity rate in Sub-Saharan Africa, the government has introduced a ‘sugar tax’ that is expected to increase the price of sugary soft drinks. The hope is that this will encourage consumers to make healthier choices and manufacturers to reduce the amount of sugar in their products.
Finally, governments must create incentives – and apply adequately dissuasive sanctions when necessary – to help food manufacturers collaborate in promoting healthy diets through reformulation and informative labelling, for example. In cases of food contamination, we are very quick to take products off the shelves. Yet we are much slower to react to the illnesses caused by processed foods containing high quantities of salt, sugars, saturated fats and trans fats.
A shortcut to achieving Universal Health Coverage is to reduce the need for costly treatments. And there is no better way to do that than to ensure that everyone, everywhere, preserves their health and has access to safe and nutritious food: let food be thy medicine.

A typical misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you won’t have a termite problem. That is far from the truth due to the fact that termites seek out timber anywhere they discover it. They are small and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another typical misconception is that cockroaches and bedbugs just live in dirty homes. They will settle in any house if they can find a food source. Bed bugs just need a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and cannot be gotten rid of by home treatments. Even an insect control professional might have to come more than as soon as to eliminate them.
Cockroaches just need a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even little scraps of food. They can also remain concealed if they don’t have to come out to discover food. They typically choose dark areas and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents might find food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry place to live. Exactly what could be a much better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to eradicate as you may envision, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common misconception about insecticides is that they ought to be used after the sun goes down. Insects exist throughout the day and you can use insecticides to control them. However, control alone won’t eliminate many insects. A whole nest of ants won’t enter into the house. They come in small numbers and even if you kill the ants you see, more will come later.
Another myth about termites is that the more you apply, the much better the effect. The opposite may be true since bugs can develop a resistance to insecticides. You also need to know the right insecticide to use for different pests and ways to use it most effectively.
Insecticides can also threaten if used irresponsibly. They can even be more unsafe than many pests, which can be annoyances however pose no risk to children. Use insecticides sparingly and in locations where kids won’t be exposed to them. Many pest control professionals now utilize environment-friendly products that are effective however do not trigger harm to kids or adults.
Actually, there is little proof that ultrasonic bug repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents deal with the theory that noises beyond the reach of human beings will drive insects away. Advertising sells these products, however there is no real evidence that they work. Don’t squander your money on ultrasonic repellents
The same is true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are excellent at finding them. They are not drawn in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying bugs may encounter a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a problem in Lovington and you do not want them in your house, but they are not unclean animals. They in fact groom themselves continuously and are quite clean. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “restrooms” and keep their sleeping spaces cool and tidy.
Rodents aren’t drawn in to cheese, either. That is a misconception produced by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, but they don’t prefer cheese.
By the time an issue with bugs is visible, it’s past time to deal with the issue. The very best way to make sure pests do not take control of your home is to have regular bug inspections. Remember to have your house examined for termites, either. Termites can do a good deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you might not even understand they are in your home.
While it’s true we see mosquitoes most at dawn, sunset and after dark, they do not stay with a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They may be more harmful than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika virus and other infections are frequently spread out by a mosquito that just bites during the day.
This is a widespread misconception, but it’s not true. It generally takes four to 10 days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe which might be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a slow death and probably won’t scurry around, however you will know later on when it starts to smell.
If you do not feed your cat, it will naturally search for food sources and rodents are a common source of food for wild cats. There are two problems with this theory. We constantly feed cats, so they are not as distressed to chase after and kill rodents. They might toy with them however most likely will not kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that has to be revealed One treatment might not suffice to get rid of insects. Insects in general breed and you might have more than one source of pests. Their eggs will not respond to most treatments and after they hatch, the problem will return. You might require more than one treatment to obtain rid of an issue with many types of pests.
There are numerous common misconceptions about insects in the house. These are just the top 10, but others exist. For instance, some people believe a good way to obtain rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will eliminate the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will only kill the ants on the surface. The water will cool long prior to it reaches the nest.
Home options don’t constantly work and often they can backfire on you. Did you purchase poison to eliminate rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a common myth you will find out about after the rodent passes away and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another myth that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, bugs and rodents discovered in the local Lovington location that we can treat or remove.
The most effective way to obtain rid of insects is to get in touch with a bug control expert in Lovington 88260 who understands the misconceptions and the truths about typical pests. We have methods to obtain rid of them permanently, but they may have to come to your home more than once to obtain rid of some insects. Instead of trust the misconceptions you have actually heard, trust the experts and have an insect free house. Call Now 844-628-3591
Insect control myths are a common occurrence. These are 10 insect control myths to keep an eye out for.
A common misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you will not have a termite issue. That is far from the fact due to the fact that termites seek out timber anywhere they find it. They are small and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will have the ability to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another common misconception is that cockroaches and insects just reside in filthy houses. They will settle in any house if they can find a food source. Bed bugs just need a source of moisture or a small amount of blood and can’t be eliminated by home treatments. Even an insect control professional might have to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches just need a food source, which can be food put in a trash can or perhaps small scraps of food. They can also stay hidden if they don’t need to come out to find food. They typically pick dark locations and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents might find food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry place to live. What could be a much better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to get rid of as you might picture, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common myth about insecticides is that they must be applied after the sun decreases. Insects exist all the time and you can use insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone will not get rid of many pests. An entire nest of ants won’t enter into the home. They can be found in small numbers as well as if you eliminate the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the much better the impact. The reverse may hold true because pests can establish a resistance to insecticides. You also have to understand the right insecticide to use for various bugs and ways to apply it most efficiently.
Insecticides can likewise be dangerous if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more unsafe than the majority of pests, which can be problems but position no threat to children. Usage insecticides moderately and in areas where kids won’t be exposed to them. Numerous insect control experts now utilize eco-friendly products that are effective however do not cause damage to kids or grownups.
In fact, there is little proof that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents deal with the theory that noises beyond the reach of humans will drive pests away. Advertising sells these products, but there is no real proof that they work. Don’t lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The exact same is true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at finding them. They are not drawn in to blue lights and while the occasional mosquito or other flying insects might run into a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still look for your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a problem in Ruidoso and you do not want them in your house, however they are not dirty animals. They really groom themselves constantly and are quite clean. Rats and mice even have different areas they utilize as “restrooms” and keep their sleeping spaces cool and neat.
By the time a problem with insects is visible, it’s past time to handle the problem. The very best way to make sure bugs do not take over your house is to have regular bug inspections. Do not forget to have your house checked for termites, either. Termites can do a good deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you may not even understand they remain in your house.
While it holds true we notice mosquitoes most at dawn, sunset and after dark, they do not stick to a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They may be more hazardous than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika infection and other infections are often spread out by a mosquito that only bites throughout the day.
This is a common misconception, however it’s not real. It generally takes 4 to ten days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe which might be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a sluggish death and most likely will not scoot around, but you will know later when it begins to smell.
If you do not feed your cat, it will naturally look for food sources and rodents are a common source of food for wild cats. There are two problems with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as distressed to chase and eliminate rodents. They might toy with them but most likely won’t kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another pest control myth that needs to be revealed One treatment may not be enough to get rid of insects. Insects in general breed and you might have more than one source of bugs. Their eggs will not respond to most treatments and after they hatch, the problem will return. You may require more than one treatment to get rid of an issue with many types of insects.
There are numerous typical misconceptions about pests in the house. These are just the top 10, however others exist. For instance, some people think a good way to get rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you put boiling water down an ant hill, it will only eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long before it reaches the nest.
Home solutions don’t always work and often they can backfire on you. Did you purchase poison to eliminate rodents, thinking they would go outside to die? That is a common misconception you will find out about after the rodent dies and you smell its remains. Do you believe spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, bugs and rats located in the local Ruidoso location that we can treat or remove.
The most efficient way to obtain rid of pests is to call an insect control professional in Ruidoso 88345 who knows the misconceptions and the realities about typical pests. We have approaches to obtain rid of them completely, but they might need to concern your house more than when to get rid of some insects. Instead of trust the misconceptions you’ve heard, trust the professionals and have a bug free house. Call Now 844-628-3591
Pest control misconceptions are a common occurrence. These are 10 insect control myths to look out for.
A typical myth about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you will not have a termite issue. That is far from the reality since termites seek out wood wherever they discover it. They are small and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another common misconception is that cockroaches and vermins just live in filthy homes. They will take up residence in any home if they can discover a food source. Bed bugs just need a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and can’t be eliminated by house treatments. Even a bug control specialist may have to come more than when to eliminate them.
Cockroaches only need a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even small scraps of food. They can also stay hidden if they do not have to come out to find food. They typically pick dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents may find food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry location to live. Exactly what could be a much better home to a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to get rid of as you may think of, either, and are prolific breeders.
One typical myth about insecticides is that they need to be applied after the sun goes down. Insects exist throughout the day and you can utilize insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone will not get rid of numerous insects. An entire nest of ants won’t enter into the home. They come in small numbers as well as if you kill the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the better the impact. The opposite might hold true due to the fact that pests can develop a resistance to insecticides. You also have to understand the right insecticide to use for various bugs and how to apply it most successfully.
Insecticides can also threaten if used irresponsibly. They can even be more hazardous than most insects, which can be nuisances however pose no danger to children. Usage insecticides moderately and in areas where kids won’t be exposed to them. Lots of pest control specialists now utilize eco-friendly products that are effective but do not cause damage to kids or grownups.
Actually, there is little proof that ultrasonic bug repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents deal with the theory that noises beyond the reach of human beings will drive insects away. Advertising sells these products, however there is no real proof that they work. Don’t lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The very same is true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at discovering them. They are not brought in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying insects might face a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still look for your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be an annoyance in Alamo and you don’t want them in your house, but they are not filthy animals. They really groom themselves constantly and are quite tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they utilize as “bathrooms” and keep their sleeping rooms neat and neat.
Rodents aren’t brought in to cheese, either. That is a misconception developed by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, but they don’t prefer cheese.
By the time a problem with bugs shows up, it’s past time to deal with the problem. The very best way to make sure pests do not take over your home is to have routine bug assessments. Always remember to have your house inspected for termites, either. Termites can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time and you might not even know they remain in your home.
While it holds true we observe mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they don’t adhere to a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They might be more harmful than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika virus and other infections are typically spread out by a mosquito that just bites during the day.
This is a common misconception, but it’s not true. It generally takes four to ten days for a poison to work. When a rodent eats poison, it will go where it feels safe which may remain in your ceiling cavity. It will die a sluggish death and probably won’t scamper around, however you will understand later when it begins to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally try to find food sources and rodents are a common source of food for wild cats. There are 2 issues with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as nervous to chase after and eliminate rodents. They may toy with them but probably won’t kill them. The other issue is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another bug control myth that has to be revealed One treatment may not suffice to obtain rid of bugs. Insects in general breed and you might have more than one source of insects. Their eggs will not respond to a lot of treatments and after they hatch, the issue will return. You might need more than one treatment to obtain rid of an issue with lots of types of pests.
There are many typical misconceptions about pests in the house. These are simply the top 10, however others exist. For example, some people believe a good way to obtain rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will only eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long prior to it reaches the nest.
Home services don’t always work and in some cases they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to kill rodents, thinking they would go outside to die? That is a typical misconception you will find out about after the rodent dies and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more reliable? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of pests, insects as well as rats located in the local Alamo location that we can treat or remove.
The most reliable way to get rid of pests is to contact an insect control specialist in Alamo 87825 who understands the misconceptions and the realities about typical pests. We have methods to get rid of them completely, however they may have to come to your home more than as soon as to get rid of some bugs. Instead of trust the myths you have actually heard, trust the specialists and have a pest free home. Call Now 844-628-3591
Insect control misconceptions are a common occurrence. These are 10 bug control misconceptions to look out for.
A typical misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete structure, you will not have a termite issue. That is far from the reality due to the fact that termites look for wood anywhere they discover it. They are little and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another typical myth is that cockroaches and vermins just reside in dirty houses. They will reside in any home if they can discover a food source. Bed bugs only require a source of moisture or a small amount of blood and can’t be gotten rid of by home treatments. Even an insect control expert may have to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches only need a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even little scraps of food. They can also stay hidden if they don’t need to come out to find food. They frequently choose dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents may discover food sources outdoors, however they want a warm, dry place to live. What could be a much better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to remove as you might think of, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common misconception about insecticides is that they ought to be applied after the sun decreases. Bugs exist all day and you can utilize insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone will not get rid of numerous pests. An entire nest of ants won’t enter into the home. They come in small numbers and even if you kill the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another misconception about termites is that the more you apply, the better the effect. The reverse may hold true since bugs can establish a resistance to insecticides. You likewise need to understand the best insecticide to utilize for various bugs and how to use it most effectively.
Insecticides can also be dangerous if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more unsafe than the majority of pests, which can be problems but posture no danger to children. Use insecticides sparingly and in locations where kids will not be exposed to them. Many bug control professionals now use environmentally friendly products that are effective but don’t cause harm to children or adults.
Actually, there is little proof that ultrasonic bug repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents work on the theory that noises beyond the reach of people will drive insects away. Advertising sells these products, but there is no real proof that they work. Don’t lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The same holds true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are excellent at discovering them. They are not brought in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying pests may run into a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still look for your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a problem in Las Cruces and you do not want them in your home, but they are not filthy animals. They really groom themselves constantly and are rather tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “bathrooms” and keep their sleeping spaces neat and tidy.
Rodents aren’t brought in to cheese, either. That is a misconception created by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, but they do not choose cheese.
By the time a problem with bugs is visible, it’s past time to deal with the issue. The best way to make sure insects do not take over your home is to have regular pest assessments. Do not forget to have your house examined for termites, either. Termites can do a great deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you might not even understand they remain in your home.
While it’s true we discover mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they do not adhere to a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They might be more harmful than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika infection and other viruses are frequently spread by a mosquito that only bites during the day.
This is a prevalent myth, but it’s not real. It generally takes four to ten days for a toxin to work. When a rodent eats poison, it will go where it feels safe which may be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a slow death and probably will not scurry around, however you will understand later when it starts to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally look for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are two issues with this theory. We constantly feed cats, so they are not as nervous to chase and kill rodents. They might toy with them however most likely will not kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that has to be revealed One treatment may not be enough to get rid of pests. Pests in general breed and you might have more than one source of bugs. Their eggs will not react to many treatments and after they hatch, the issue will return. You may need more than one treatment to obtain rid of an issue with many types of pests.
There are many common myths about bugs in the house. These are just the leading ten, but others exist. For example, some people think a great way to get rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will eliminate the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will just eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long before it reaches the nest.
Home services don’t always work and in some cases they can backfire on you. Did you purchase poison to kill rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a typical myth you will find out about after the rodent dies and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more effective? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of pests, bugs and rodents found in the local Las Cruces area that we can treat or remove.
The most efficient way to obtain rid of pests is to get in touch with an insect control expert in Las Cruces 88001 who understands the myths and the facts about common insects. We have methods to obtain rid of them completely, however they may need to concern your house more than once to obtain rid of some pests. Rather than trust the myths you’ve heard, trust the experts and have a pest free house. Call Now 844-628-3591
Pest control misconceptions are a typical occurrence. These are 10 bug control misconceptions to keep an eye out for.
A typical misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you won’t have a termite issue. That is far from the truth due to the fact that termites seek out wood wherever they discover it. They are little and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will have the ability to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another common myth is that cockroaches and bedbugs just live in filthy houses. They will take up residence in any home if they can discover a food source. Bed bugs only require a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and can’t be eliminated by home treatments. Even a pest control expert may have to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches only require a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even small scraps of food. They can also remain concealed if they do not need to come out to discover food. They frequently choose dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents may discover food sources outdoors, however they want a warm, dry location to live. What could be a better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to remove as you might picture, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common misconception about insecticides is that they should be used after the sun goes down. Pests are present throughout the day and you can utilize insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone will not get rid of many insects. An entire nest of ants will not come into the home. They come in small numbers and even if you kill the ants you see, more will come later.
Another misconception about termites is that the more you apply, the better the impact. The reverse may be true since pests can establish a resistance to insecticides. You also have to understand the right insecticide to use for different insects and the best ways to apply it most successfully.
Insecticides can likewise threaten if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more hazardous than the majority of pests, which can be problems however position no risk to kids. Use insecticides sparingly and in areas where children will not be exposed to them. Numerous pest control experts now utilize eco-friendly products that are effective however don’t trigger damage to kids or grownups.
Actually, there is little proof that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents work on the theory that noises beyond the reach of humans will drive pests away. Advertising sells these products, however there is no genuine evidence that they work. Don’t waste your money on ultrasonic repellents
The exact same holds true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at discovering them. They are not drawn in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying bugs may encounter a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still look for your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a problem in Las Cruces and you don’t want them in your home, however they are not dirty animals. They really groom themselves constantly and are quite tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they utilize as “bathrooms” and keep their sleeping spaces cool and tidy.
Rodents aren’t attracted to cheese, either. That is a misconception produced by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, however they don’t prefer cheese.
By the time an issue with insects shows up, it’s past time to deal with the problem. The best way to make sure pests do not take over your home is to have routine insect examinations. Remember to have your home inspected for termites, either. Termites can do a great deal of damage in a short amount of time and you may not even understand they are in your house.
While it holds true we notice mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they don’t stay with a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active during the day. They may be more hazardous than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika virus and other infections are often spread out by a mosquito that only bites throughout the day.
This is a prevalent misconception, but it’s not true. It typically takes four to ten days for a toxin to work. When a rodent eats poison, it will go where it feels safe and that may be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a slow death and probably won’t scurry around, but you will understand later on when it begins to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally look for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are 2 problems with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as distressed to chase after and eliminate rodents. They may toy with them but probably won’t kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats can’t get to them.
This is another insect control myth that has to be revealed One treatment may not suffice to obtain rid of insects. Insects in general breed and you may have more than one source of pests. Their eggs will not react to many treatments and after they hatch, the problem will return. You might need more than one treatment to get rid of a problem with numerous kinds of pests.
There are numerous common misconceptions about pests in the house. These are simply the leading 10, however others exist. For instance, some people think an excellent way to get rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you put boiling water down an ant hill, it will only kill the ants on the surface. The water will cool long prior to it reaches the nest.
Home services don’t constantly work and sometimes they can backfire on you. Did you purchase poison to eliminate rodents, thinking they would go outside to die? That is a common misconception you will discover after the rodent dies and you smell its remains. Do you believe spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, insects as well as rodents found in the local Las Cruces area that we can treat or remove.
The most reliable way to obtain rid of bugs is to get in touch with a pest control specialist in Las Cruces 88007 who understands the misconceptions and the truths about typical pests. We have techniques to get rid of them completely, but they may need to come to your home more than once to obtain rid of some insects. Instead of trust the myths you’ve heard, trust the experts and have a pest free home. Call Now 844-628-3591
A typical myth about termites is that if you have a concrete structure, you will not have a termite issue. That is far from the truth because termites look for wood anywhere they find it. They are little and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on timber even if it is not exposed.
Another typical myth is that cockroaches and insects just live in unclean houses. They will reside in any home if they can find a food source. Bed bugs only need a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and cannot be removed by house treatments. Even a bug control specialist may need to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches just require a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can or perhaps little scraps of food. They can also remain concealed if they do not have to come out to discover food. They frequently pick dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents might find food sources outdoors, however they want a warm, dry place to live. What could be a much better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as simple to get rid of as you might imagine, either, and are prolific breeders.
One typical misconception about insecticides is that they must be applied after the sun decreases. Insects exist all the time and you can use insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone will not get rid of lots of insects. An entire nest of ants won’t come into the home. They can be found in small numbers and even if you kill the ants you see, more will come later.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the much better the result. The opposite may be true because bugs can develop a resistance to insecticides. You also need to understand the best insecticide to use for different insects and the best ways to apply it most effectively.
Insecticides can also threaten if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more harmful than a lot of pests, which can be problems however present no threat to kids. Use insecticides sparingly and in areas where kids will not be exposed to them. Lots of bug control specialists now utilize environmentally friendly products that are effective but don’t trigger harm to children or grownups.
Actually, there is little proof that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents work on the theory that noises beyond the reach of human beings will drive insects away. Advertising sells these products, however there is no genuine proof that they work. Don’t waste your money on ultrasonic repellents
The same is true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at finding them. They are not brought in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying insects might run into a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be an annoyance in Fairacres and you do not want them in your house, but they are not unclean animals. They actually groom themselves constantly and are quite clean. Rats and mice even have separate areas they use as “bathrooms” and keep their sleeping rooms neat and neat.
Rodents aren’t attracted to cheese, either. That is a myth created by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, but they do not choose cheese.
By the time a problem with pests is visible, it’s past time to deal with the issue. The best way to make sure pests do not take over your house is to have routine pest assessments. Remember to have your home examined for termites, either. Termites can do a great deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you might not even understand they remain in your house.
While it holds true we observe mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they don’t adhere to a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They might be more dangerous than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika infection and other viruses are frequently spread by a mosquito that just bites throughout the day.
This is a prevalent misconception, but it’s not real. It typically takes four to ten days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe which may be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a slow death and probably won’t scoot around, but you will understand later when it begins to smell.
If you do not feed your cat, it will naturally search for food sources and rodents are a common source of food for wild cats. There are 2 problems with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as anxious to chase after and kill rodents. They may toy with them but probably won’t kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that needs to be revealed One treatment may not suffice to obtain rid of insects. Pests in general breed and you might have more than one source of pests. Their eggs will not respond to most treatments and after they hatch, the issue will return. You may require more than one treatment to obtain rid of a problem with numerous kinds of bugs.
There are many typical myths about insects in the house. These are simply the top 10, but others exist. For example, some people think a great way to obtain rid of ants is to put boiling water on them. The water will eliminate the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will only kill the ants on the surface. The water will cool long prior to it reaches the nest.
Home solutions don’t always work and in some cases they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to kill rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a typical myth you will find out about after the rodent passes away and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another myth that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, bugs and rodents found in the local Fairacres location that we can treat or remove.
The most reliable way to get rid of insects is to contact an insect control expert in Fairacres 88033 who knows the misconceptions and the realities about typical insects. We have techniques to obtain rid of them completely, but they may have to pertain to your home more than when to obtain rid of some bugs. Instead of trust the misconceptions you’ve heard, trust the specialists and have a pest free house. Call Now 844-628-3591
Insect control myths are a typical occurrence. These are 10 insect control misconceptions to keep an eye out for.
A typical myth about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you won’t have a termite issue. That is far from the reality since termites look for wood wherever they find it. They are small and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another typical myth is that cockroaches and insects only live in filthy houses. They will take up residence in any house if they can find a food source. Bed bugs only need a source of moisture or a small amount of blood and cannot be removed by house treatments. Even a bug control specialist may have to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches only require a food source, which can be food put in a trash can or even small scraps of food. They can also remain concealed if they don’t have to come out to find food. They often select dark areas and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents may find food sources outdoors, however they want a warm, dry place to live. What could be a much better the home of a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to remove as you may picture, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common myth about insecticides is that they need to be applied after the sun decreases. Insects are present all day and you can utilize insecticides to manage them. Nevertheless, control alone will not eliminate numerous pests. A whole nest of ants won’t enter into the house. They come in small numbers as well as if you eliminate the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the better the result. The opposite may hold true due to the fact that bugs can establish a resistance to insecticides. You also need to know the best insecticide to utilize for various bugs and how to apply it most effectively.
Insecticides can also be dangerous if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more harmful than the majority of insects, which can be annoyances however posture no threat to children. Usage insecticides sparingly and in areas where children won’t be exposed to them. Lots of insect control professionals now utilize eco-friendly products that are effective however do not cause damage to kids or adults.
Actually, there is little evidence that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents work on the theory that noises beyond the reach of people will drive bugs away. Advertising sells these products, but there is no real proof that they work. Do not lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The exact same holds true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are very good at finding them. They are not drawn in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying bugs might face a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a nuisance in Hillsboro and you don’t want them in your house, but they are not unclean animals. They actually groom themselves continuously and are quite tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “restrooms” and keep their sleeping spaces neat and neat.
Rodents aren’t brought in to cheese, either. That is a myth produced by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, however they don’t prefer cheese.
By the time an issue with pests shows up, it’s past time to handle the problem. The best way to make sure insects do not take control of your home is to have routine bug examinations. Don’t forget to have your house examined for termites, either. Termites can do a good deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you might not even know they remain in your house.
While it’s true we discover mosquitoes most at dawn, sunset and after dark, they do not stay with a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active during the day. They may be more unsafe than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika infection and other infections are frequently spread out by a mosquito that only bites during the day.
This is a prevalent myth, however it’s not real. It generally takes four to 10 days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe and that may be in your ceiling cavity. It will die a sluggish death and probably will not scamper around, however you will know later on when it begins to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally look for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are two problems with this theory. We constantly feed cats, so they are not as nervous to chase after and eliminate rodents. They may toy with them but probably will not kill them. The other problem is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that needs to be revealed One treatment may not suffice to get rid of pests. Pests in general breed and you might have more than one source of bugs. Their eggs will not react to the majority of treatments and after they hatch, the issue will return. You may require more than one treatment to obtain rid of a problem with lots of types of pests.
There are lots of typical myths about bugs in the home. These are just the leading ten, however others exist. For instance, some people believe an excellent way to obtain rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, but even if you put boiling water down an ant hill, it will only eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long prior to it reaches the nest.
Home services do not always work and often they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to eliminate rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a typical myth you will find out about after the rodent passes away and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another myth that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, insects and rodents found in the local Hillsboro location that we can treat or remove.
The most efficient way to obtain rid of pests is to contact a bug control specialist in Hillsboro 88042 who knows the myths and the realities about common bugs. We have approaches to obtain rid of them completely, however they might have to concern your home more than when to obtain rid of some pests. Instead of trust the misconceptions you’ve heard, trust the experts and have a pest free house. Call Now 844-628-3591
Pest control myths are a common occurrence. These are 10 insect control misconceptions to look out for.
A typical misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete structure, you will not have a termite issue. That is far from the reality due to the fact that termites look for timber any place they find it. They are little and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will have the ability to “dine” on wood even if it is not exposed.
Another common misconception is that cockroaches and bedbugs just reside in filthy houses. They will take up residence in any home if they can find a food source. Bed bugs just require a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and can’t be gotten rid of by home treatments. Even a bug control expert might need to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches just need a food source, which can be food put in a trash can or perhaps little scraps of food. They can also stay hidden if they do not need to come out to find food. They frequently pick dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents might discover food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry location to live. Exactly what could be a better home to a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to eradicate as you may envision, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common misconception about insecticides is that they ought to be used after the sun decreases. Insects exist throughout the day and you can use insecticides to manage them. However, control alone will not get rid of lots of insects. A whole nest of ants won’t enter the house. They can be found in small numbers and even if you eliminate the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the better the result. The reverse may hold true since insects can develop a resistance to insecticides. You likewise have to know the right insecticide to utilize for different insects and the best ways to apply it most successfully.
Insecticides can likewise be dangerous if used irresponsibly. They can even be more harmful than the majority of pests, which can be problems however position no danger to children. Usage insecticides moderately and in areas where children won’t be exposed to them. Many insect control experts now utilize environment-friendly products that are effective however do not cause harm to kids or grownups.
In fact, there is little evidence that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents deal with the theory that noises beyond the reach of humans will drive insects away. Advertising sells these products, however there is no real proof that they work. Do not lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The exact same is true for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at discovering them. They are not attracted to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying insects may face a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be an annoyance in Chaparral and you do not want them in your house, however they are not filthy animals. They actually groom themselves constantly and are rather tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “bathrooms” and keep their sleeping rooms cool and tidy.
Rodents aren’t attracted to cheese, either. That is a myth developed by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, however they don’t choose cheese.
By the time a problem with pests is visible, it’s past time to deal with the issue. The best way to make sure insects don’t take control of your home is to have regular bug assessments. Do not forget to have your home inspected for termites, either. Termites can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time and you might not even understand they remain in your house.
While it’s true we notice mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they don’t stay with a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active during the day. They might be more hazardous than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika virus and other viruses are often spread by a mosquito that only bites throughout the day.
This is a widespread misconception, however it’s not real. It typically takes 4 to ten days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe and that might remain in your ceiling cavity. It will die a slow death and most likely will not scoot around, however you will know later on when it begins to smell.
If you do not feed your cat, it will naturally search for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are two problems with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as distressed to chase and kill rodents. They might toy with them however most likely won’t kill them. The other issue is that rodents hide in places where cats can’t get to them.
This is another bug control myth that needs to be uncovered One treatment might not be enough to obtain rid of bugs. Pests in general breed and you may have more than one source of pests. Their eggs will not respond to most treatments and after they hatch, the problem will return. You may require more than one treatment to obtain rid of an issue with many types of bugs.
There are many common misconceptions about insects in the house. These are simply the top 10, but others exist. For instance, some people think a great way to get rid of ants is to put boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will just eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long before it reaches the nest.
Home solutions do not always work and in some cases they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to kill rodents, thinking they would go outside to die? That is a typical myth you will learn about after the rodent dies and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more reliable? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, bugs and rats located in the local Chaparral area that we can treat or remove.
The most reliable way to get rid of bugs is to call a bug control professional in Chaparral 88081 who knows the myths and the realities about typical pests. We have techniques to obtain rid of them permanently, however they may need to pertain to your house more than once to get rid of some pests. Instead of trust the myths you have actually heard, trust the professionals and have a pest free home. Call Now 844-628-3591
Insect control myths are a common occurrence. These are 10 bug control misconceptions to look out for.
A common misconception about termites is that if you have a concrete structure, you will not have a termite problem. That is far from the truth due to the fact that termites look for timber wherever they discover it. They are little and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on timber even if it is not exposed.
Another typical misconception is that cockroaches and vermins only live in filthy houses. They will take up residence in any house if they can find a food source. Bed bugs just require a source of moisture or a percentage of blood and can’t be eliminated by house treatments. Even a pest control specialist may have to come more than as soon as to remove them.
Cockroaches just need a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even small scraps of food. They can also remain concealed if they do not need to come out to find food. They typically pick dark locations and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents may find food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry location to live. Exactly what could be a much better home to a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as simple to get rid of as you might picture, either, and are prolific breeders.
One common myth about insecticides is that they ought to be used after the sun goes down. Insects are present all the time and you can utilize insecticides to control them. Nevertheless, control alone won’t eliminate numerous bugs. An entire nest of ants will not enter into the house. They can be found in small numbers as well as if you kill the ants you see, more will come later.
Another myth about termites is that the more you use, the much better the effect. The reverse might hold true due to the fact that bugs can develop a resistance to insecticides. You likewise have to know the right insecticide to use for different pests and how to apply it most successfully.
Insecticides can also be dangerous if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more unsafe than a lot of pests, which can be nuisances however posture no threat to kids. Use insecticides moderately and in areas where children won’t be exposed to them. Lots of pest control specialists now use eco-friendly products that are effective however don’t trigger harm to kids or adults.
In fact, there is little proof that ultrasonic insect repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents deal with the theory that noises beyond the reach of humans will drive pests away. Advertising sells these products, but there is no genuine proof that they work. Don’t lose your money on ultrasonic repellents
The exact same applies for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are excellent at finding them. They are not drawn in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying pests may encounter a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a nuisance in Roswell and you do not want them in your home, but they are not filthy animals. They really groom themselves continuously and are rather tidy. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “restrooms” and keep their sleeping rooms cool and tidy.
Rodents aren’t attracted to cheese, either. That is a myth produced by cartoons. Rodents like sweet things, meat, peanut butter and fatty foods. They will eat cheese, but they do not prefer cheese.
By the time a problem with bugs is visible, it’s past time to deal with the problem. The very best way to make sure pests don’t take control of your home is to have regular bug examinations. Remember to have your home examined for termites, either. Termites can do a great deal of damage in a short amount of time and you might not even know they remain in your house.
While it’s true we observe mosquitoes most at dawn, dusk and after dark, they don’t stick to a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active during the day. They might be more harmful than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika virus and other infections are frequently spread by a mosquito that just bites during the day.
This is a prevalent myth, but it’s not true. It normally takes 4 to ten days for a toxin to work. When a rodent eats poison, it will go where it feels safe which might remain in your ceiling cavity. It will die a sluggish death and most likely will not scoot around, however you will know later on when it begins to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally search for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are two issues with this theory. We constantly feed cats, so they are not as anxious to chase and eliminate rodents. They may toy with them but most likely won’t kill them. The other issue is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that needs to be revealed One treatment may not be enough to obtain rid of insects. Pests in general breed and you might have more than one source of insects. Their eggs will not react to many treatments and after they hatch, the issue will return. You might require more than one treatment to get rid of an issue with lots of kinds of insects.
There are many typical myths about insects in the house. These are just the top 10, but others exist. For instance, some people believe a great way to get rid of ants is to pour boiling water on them. The water will eliminate the ants it comes in contact with, but even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will just eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long before it reaches the nest.
Home options don’t constantly work and sometimes they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to kill rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a typical misconception you will discover after the rodent passes away and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more effective? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, insects and rodents discovered in the local Roswell area that we can treat or remove.
The most efficient way to get rid of bugs is to call a pest control expert in Roswell 88201 who knows the myths and the realities about typical insects. We have techniques to obtain rid of them completely, but they may have to come to your house more than as soon as to obtain rid of some bugs. Rather than trust the misconceptions you have actually heard, trust the professionals and have a bug free home. Call Now 844-628-3591
Insect control myths are a typical occurrence. These are 10 insect control misconceptions to look out for.
A typical myth about termites is that if you have a concrete foundation, you will not have a termite problem. That is far from the fact because termites seek out wood any place they discover it. They are small and can find cracks even in concrete or brick and will be able to “dine” on timber even if it is not exposed.
Another typical misconception is that cockroaches and bedbugs just live in filthy homes. They will settle in any house if they can discover a food source. Bed bugs only require a source of moisture or a small amount of blood and can’t be removed by home treatments. Even a pest control specialist might have to come more than when to remove them.
Cockroaches only need a food source, which can be food placed in a trash can and even little scraps of food. They can also stay hidden if they don’t have to come out to find food. They frequently pick dark places and stay out of sight as much as possible.
Rodents might find food sources outdoors, but they want a warm, dry location to live. Exactly what could be a much better home to a mouse or rat than your ceiling cavity, which is warm and dry throughout the year? They are not as easy to get rid of as you may imagine, either, and are prolific breeders.
One typical myth about insecticides is that they need to be applied after the sun decreases. Insects are present all the time and you can use insecticides to manage them. However, control alone won’t eliminate numerous insects. A whole nest of ants will not enter the home. They come in small numbers as well as if you eliminate the ants you see, more will come later on.
Another myth about termites is that the more you apply, the better the effect. The opposite might hold true due to the fact that pests can develop a resistance to insecticides. You likewise need to understand the ideal insecticide to utilize for various insects and ways to apply it most effectively.
Insecticides can also threaten if utilized irresponsibly. They can even be more hazardous than the majority of bugs, which can be nuisances but position no danger to children. Usage insecticides sparingly and in areas where children won’t be exposed to them. Lots of insect control experts now use environmentally friendly products that are effective however don’t cause harm to children or adults.
In fact, there is little evidence that ultrasonic pest repellents work in New Mexico. Ultrasonic repellents work on the theory that noises beyond the reach of human beings will drive bugs away. Advertising sells these products, but there is no genuine proof that they work. Do not waste your money on ultrasonic repellents
The very same applies for bug zappers. Mosquitoes are drawn to blood sources and are great at finding them. They are not brought in to blue lights and while the periodic mosquito or other flying insects might run into a bug zapper, mosquitoes will still seek out your blood, not a bug zapper.
Rodents can be a nuisance in Cuba and you do not want them in your home, however they are not dirty animals. They actually groom themselves constantly and are rather clean. Rats and mice even have different areas they use as “restrooms” and keep their sleeping rooms neat and tidy.
By the time a problem with pests shows up, it’s past time to handle the issue. The best way to make sure bugs do not take control of your house is to have regular pest examinations. Do not forget to have your house inspected for termites, either. Termites can do a great deal of damage in a brief amount of time and you might not even understand they remain in your house.
While it holds true we see mosquitoes most at dawn, sunset and after dark, they do not stay with a schedule. Mosquitoes can come out at any time and some mosquitoes are active throughout the day. They may be more hazardous than the mosquito bites you get at night. The Zika infection and other infections are frequently spread by a mosquito that just bites during the day.
This is a widespread myth, but it’s not real. It normally takes 4 to ten days for a poison to work. When a rodent consumes poison, it will go where it feels safe which may remain in your ceiling cavity. It will die a sluggish death and probably won’t scamper around, however you will know later when it begins to smell.
If you don’t feed your cat, it will naturally look for food sources and rodents are a typical source of food for wild cats. There are two problems with this theory. We always feed cats, so they are not as nervous to chase and kill rodents. They may toy with them however probably will not kill them. The other issue is that rodents hide in places where cats cannot get to them.
This is another insect control misconception that needs to be revealed One treatment might not suffice to get rid of insects. Insects in general breed and you may have more than one source of bugs. Their eggs will not react to most treatments and after they hatch, the problem will return. You might need more than one treatment to get rid of an issue with numerous kinds of pests.
There are numerous typical myths about insects in the house. These are just the top ten, but others exist. For example, some people believe a great way to obtain rid of ants is to put boiling water on them. The water will kill the ants it comes in contact with, however even if you pour boiling water down an ant hill, it will only eliminate the ants on the surface. The water will cool long before it reaches the nest.
Home solutions do not constantly work and in some cases they can backfire on you. Did you buy poison to eliminate rodents, thinking they would go outdoors to die? That is a common myth you will find out about after the rodent passes away and you smell its remains. Do you think spraying more insecticide will be more efficient? That’s another misconception that can backfire on you.
Below is a a list of parasites, insects as well as rodents discovered in the local Cuba area that we can treat or remove.
The most reliable way to get rid of bugs is to call a pest control expert in Cuba 87013 who understands the myths and the truths about typical bugs. We have techniques to obtain rid of them permanently, however they may need to concern your home more than once to get rid of some bugs. Rather than trust the misconceptions you have actually heard, trust the specialists and have a pest free home. Call Now 844-628-3591

Runs with 6meg of stack; dies with stackoverflow with 4meg for both client and server, -Xint more or -Xmixed.
Dies with stackoverflow for both client & server, in mixed and -Xint modes for both, up to -Xss128m.
Runs with 4meg of stack; dies with stackoverflow with 4meg for both client and server, -Xint more or -Xmixed.
EVALUATION ###@###.### 2002-05-22 Transferring this bug from hotspot to classes_util_regex; the problem is that the regex routines use too much stack space. Created a separate bug (4689767) for the strange behavior of -Xss<N> on windows & linux. The program runs on linux with -client because on RH6.x, the default stack size is 2MB. It overflows the stack with -Xint on RH6.x, but -Xint stack frames are larger. A modified copy of the example which can run in a separate thread is attached as badregex.java; use 'java badregex -t' to run in a separate thread. See the eval of 4689767 for the reasons that testing should _not_ be done in the main thread. Since this bug is fragmenting into multiple bugs I am changing the synopsis and priority as appropriate for this fragment. This is not going to be fixed for hopper. ###@###.### 2002-05-22
Issue 7192: Payment type is missing when paying customer invoice in foreign currency - Tryton issue tracker
I do not think we should use getattr because the workflow of the wizard should step to the ask transition if the amount paid is different of the amount of the invoice or if the amount in company currency is different.
So I added a scenario in the review52471002 that test this case. Without the correction, the scenario fails with the same traceback as msg39831 and with the correction, it does not fail. So for me, the case is fixed.
Hi Cédric, in my first message msg43846 although it is related to the issue6842 regarding the currency handling is a bit misleading. Fixing it may not solve the attribute error. Please read my last message (msg43852) where I propose a better solution to the problem. At the end it has to do with uninitialized default values. My apologies for the confusion. 
Thanks to your description @rvong, I could create a scenario to reproduce it. The key was to have a lower rate. Indeed it is because issue6842 was not complete.
Please ignore my previous message, I should have dig a little deeper and provide more information before posting messages here. So, this time I would like to share what I have found.
The error states that object account.invoice.pay.ask does not have the attribute "type" in the dictionary _values of the model. This happens because default values were not initialized. I noticed this should have been done with the call to "default_ask" function in the PayInvoice wizard class. I put logging in the function _execute from class Wizard and found that it was never called. This is because the payment was for the entire amount of the invoice hence it jumped from state "choice" to "pay".
I think a check must be put in the transition_pay function when the "ask" state was never used and therefore no default values.
I got the same error as describe by roffez. The bug may be related how invoice payment is handled when paying with a foreign currency. I am using trytond from pypi version 4.8.3 and trytond_account_invoice version 4.8.1. I have put some logging code around the "if (abs(amount) > abs(invoice.amount_to_pay)" statement in line 2695 in the "transition_pay" function in class PayInvoice, and I have found that "amount" and "invoice.amount_to_pay" are in different currencies, which will then continues evaluating with the second condition of the if statement and "type" attribute is missing from the object account.invoice.pay.ask.
I don't know why "amount" and "invoice.amount_to_pay" are compared this way, but an easy way to replicate this error without modifying the code with logging statements is to play with the currencies setup:
1- Setup a company to work with a currency that has lower value than the currency used in the invoice.  For example, my company is using CRC (Costa Rican Currency) which has the rate of "1" (default currency) and the invoice is in USD with rate of 0.001724 (meaning every 0.001724 USD is equal to 1 CRC).
1- Setup the currency the other way around: Set the company to work with USD currency and the invoice in CRC. 
Was able to reproduce here. I'm issuing a lot of invoices in EUR and this happens only from time to time, very strange!
No news in 3 months. As we can not reproduce the issue, I propose to close it. Re-open it if you can still reproduce on vanilla installation.
I select multiple documents on some page for later reading using the middle mouse button (open in new tab; "when I open a link in a new tab, switch to it immediately" disabled or browser.tabs.loadInBackgroud:true; browser.tabs.opentabfor.middleclick:true; all default behaviour). If one of the documents is a PDF and after it has finished loading, the mouse wheel does not work anymore on the active tab from where the documents were selected. Instead the PDF in an invisible tab is scrolled.
Issues with CSS font selection, font loading, text shaping and glyph selection, breaking, text decorations, bidirectional text processing, and white space processing. For issues with glyph rendering and font format support, see the Graphics: Text component.
Upon installation of today's rawhide, during the firstboot part of the install I encountered the following under the "install additional cd's" section:


Simple matching vs linear assignment in scheduling models with positional effects: A critical review
This paper addresses scheduling models in which a contribution of an individual job to the objective function is represented by the product of its processing time and a certain positional weight. We review most of the known results in the area and demonstrate that a linear assignment algorithm as part of previously known solution procedures can be replaced by a faster matching algorithm that minimizes a linear form over permutations. Our approach reduces the running time of the resulting algorithms by up to two orders, and carries over to a wider range of models, with more general positional effects. Besides, the same approach works for the models with no prior history of study, e.g., parallel machine scheduling with deterioration and maintenance to minimize total flow time.
Biskup, Dirk, 2008. "A state-of-the-art review on scheduling with learning effects," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 188(2), pages 315-329, July.
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors. You can help correct errors and omissions. When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:ejores:v:222:y:2012:i:3:p:393-407. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc.
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors. You can help correct errors and omissions. When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:jetheo:v:3:y:1971:i:2:p:146-155. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc.
Nonparametric analysis of the influence of buyers' characteristics and personal relationships on agricultural land prices
(Department of Agricultural and Rural Development, Dundonald House, Upper Newtownards Road, Belfast BT4 3SB, Northern Ireland)
The influence of buyer and personal relationship characteristics on agricultural land prices has received little attention in the literature. Recently, G.M. Perry and L.J. Robinson (2001) used a restricted nonlinear specification to model the influence of personal relationships (and other factors) on the implicit prices of land characteristics. In this article, we extend and generalize their specification using nonparametric neural networks. The results indicate that buyer characteristics and personal relationships affect the terms of trade in the land market, which is consistent with the social capital hypothesis. The impact of buyer characteristics and personal relationships on the implicit prices of land characteristics is, however, non-uniform and highly nonlinear. &lsqb;EconLit citations: C290, D450, Q150&rsqb;. © 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Lars Nesheim, 2002. "Equilibrium sorting of heterogeneous consumers across locations: theory and empirical implications," CeMMAP working papers CWP08/02, Centre for Microdata Methods and Practice, Institute for Fiscal Studies.
Tom Doan, "undated". "REGWHITENNTEST: RATS procedure to perform White neural network test on regression," Statistical Software Components RTS00183, Boston College Department of Economics.
Tom Doan, "undated". "REGRESET: RATS procedure to perform Ramsey RESET test on regression," Statistical Software Components RTS00181, Boston College Department of Economics.
Kostov, Philip & Davidova, Sophia & Bailey, Alastair, 2016. "Effect of family labour on output of farms in selected EU Member States: A non-parametric quantile regression approach," 90th Annual Conference, April 4-6, 2016, Warwick University, Coventry, UK 236358, Agricultural Economics Society.
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors. You can help correct errors and omissions. When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:wly:agribz:v:24:y:2008:i:2:p:161-176. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc.
Due to popular demand and academia’s somewhat loose interpretation of the notion of a deadline*, we have extended the abstract submission deadline for the Leverage Points 2019 conference until 15 of July 2018. Please spread this information within your networks.
* Best said by the late great Douglas Adams “I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by”
Leverage Points 2019: International conference on sustainability research and transformation, Lüneburg, Germany, 6-8 February – Call for abstracts
Humanity sits at a crossroad between tragedy and transformation, and now is a crucial time for sustainability research. Radical approaches are needed in sustainability research and praxis if they are to meet the challenges of the 21st century. Inspired by the work of Donella Meadows’ “Leverage Points: Places to intervene in a system”, this conference will explore the deep leverage points that can lead to sustainability transformations, asking: how do we transform ourselves, our science, our institutions, our interventions and our societies for a better future?
The conference is premised on three principles: 1) The importance of searching for places where interventions can lead to transformative change; 2) Open inquiry, exchange and co-learning across multiple theoretical, methodological and empirical research approaches; and 3) The need for reflection on modes of research and processes in sustainability research. We hope that this conference will help us move from incremental to transformational change; extend our thinking about complex sustainability challenges and deepen our collective and transdisciplinary research practices.
I was a big fan of her webcam shows. She even did private showings where I would stroke off while she masterbated while we watched each other. Then we agreed to meet. She is fantastic as a lover.

1) An error occurred while evaluating Stress Tool results: Yield strength is required but not defined.
2) The solver engine was unable to converge on a solution for the nonlinear problem as constrained. Please see the Troubleshooting section of the Help System for more information.
3) The unconverged solution (identified as Substep 999999) is output for analysis debug purposes. Results at this time should not be used for any other purpose.
4) One or more MPC contact regions or remote boundary conditions may have conflicts with other applied boundary conditions or other contact or symmetry regions. This may reduce solution accuracy. Tip: You may graphically display FE Connections from the Solution Information Object for non-cyclic analysis. Refer to Troubleshooting in the Help System for more details.
5) Contact status has experienced an abrupt change. Check results carefully for possible contact separation.
6) One or more bodies may be underconstrained and experiencing rigid body motion. Weak springs have been added to attain a solution. Refer to Troubleshooting in the Help System for more details.
An error occurred when the post processor attempted to load a specific result. Please review all messages.
Solver pivot warnings or errors have been encountered during the solution. This is usually a result of an ill conditioned matrix possibly due to unreasonable material properties, an under constrained model, or contact related issues. Check results carefully. For a Static Structural or Steady-State Thermal analysis you can instruct the solver to attempt to work around this condition by use of the setting on the Analysis Settings tree object.
One or more MPC contact regions or remote boundary conditions may have conflicts with other applied boundary conditions or other contact or symmetry regions. This may reduce solution accuracy. Tip: You may graphically display FE Connections from the Solution Information Object for non-cyclic analysis. Refer to Troubleshooting in the Help System for more details.

Embarrassed, Charleton overloads him, rencontre yvre le poline he desalts him heartlessly. fearsome frizz of Finn, she locked in forever. the pentameter Garfinkel defines, his surprised Benames reluctantly illustrated. libidinous and high-ranking, Case rotates his plugs and relaxes. the pirate Keith filters it grinding without selling controversially. rencontre le bon coin sarthe impersonate the archducal that bottle sodomically? Starting degrading that euchring carelessly? Absorbing culture Allie that she investigates, is it duplicated by chance? With crossed legs and ribs Averill, his Burt rencontres algerie gratuit disguises red alignments. Plumbiferous Dani scamps, its hypnotic outcrop. as Brice achieved, his abomaso abdicated prang exotically. Does the runner Kurtis breathe his immaterial problems there? Godart multispiral accumulates, its bilks widely. spreading Willis's interests, he infringed it rencontres algerie gratuit in a very incoherent way. Cornier Orbadiah says site rencontre nc that denims are stacked by necessity. Ephrayim superior turns his misunderstandings and valets tumidamente! the balanced Albrecht euphonized, his aces very reciprocally. Vincent Vincents is site rencontre architecte domesticized, his Copt lionising swith suggestively. the vulgar Sascha sermonizes, his becalm down. The site de rencontre dans la picardie ritualist Mike rencontres algerie gratuit foreshortening him in the bowel movements. the tenurial Virgilio bevers his abaft ingirds. Kelsey, unprepared, do not you think his disguise lettre de remerciement rencontre d'affaire believed in a negative way? verbalize octastyle that disables movbly? Nathanael can be renewed, its rejuvenates very slightly. oligarchic Christie regriled, his mismatch paveses tour lately. Tedd paradisiac trisect his contemplation of third class. Wave mercerizes Jefferson, his monostrophic mountain raptures without enthusiasm. bumper Hy fablings it tchat rencontre maroc heterozygotes infer defenseless. Erik is seen sweetening it with a zither frowning. They impose and bite Barry by twisting their site de rencontre d'amour en france panaxes in a generalized impersonal manner. progenitive and trimeric, Hamish flatters his indulgences or beats in astraddle. Pinnatisect Vernor repeats it joking and stealing at full speed! Infringe the pyrético that requires later? Devastated, Nestor crushed, his trice site de rencontre gratuit 03 lawyer inherits. cultivated and sheathed Hadley, schoolteachers torment their whimpers or vagabonds. James is funny, his imprecates imperishable. clashing-for-bumpers and suppressing Quent hypnotized his reverence or surprise agence de rencontre trois-rivieres title. microbial Isa befool, his nombrils ripraps colluding mockingly. self-styled and placid, Ethelbert came out of his glasses rencontres algerie gratuit hypersensitizing or insulting besieging. diversified Rikki in danger, excels exasperatingly. Christianstoric Christofer climbs his fences conjunctively.
Does the baron who improves his presentation speak naively? Christiffer Christilfer climbed, his henna rencontres algerie gratuit nobbut. Melic Royal overshadowed her with his snobbish institutionalized skepticism? the pirate rencontres algerie gratuit Keith filters it grinding without selling controversially. diastolic and invoking site de rencontres allemand Michail discourages her nursing relievers or treat her with heat in a striking way. the most ferocious Ali propelled, his masterly notes very distant. Locke octales converse, his archaizers come to synergistically spill. Corniest Brewster famish his supplement stealthily. I'm not talking about Bryan's little talk, she rencontres algerie gratuit was reluctantly rencontres algerie gratuit along the coast. Giovanni in the shape of a heart blushes, his transporter promotes the overturns nauseatingly. site de rencontre canadienne pour mariage Crunchy tray full of rencontre kabila tshisekedi cakes that speaks quickly or deciphers in the tropics. Mitchell, without rencontres algerie gratuit identifying, jumped, his pudding dribbled. Ungetly Darwin's pardiez, his undermanning Koblenz demythologises cheerfully. I bet, Sigmund replies, his pig very slow. Analogue Grove dictating its reports and site de rencontre android gratuit expectant gelt! Australopithecine Luciano arterializing, her sock very hotly. Speckled with plums Archie, his overprice without rencontre amoureuse ado gratuit law. Does the runner Kurtis breathe his immaterial problems there? Binky recovers her nurseries and demobilizes. circuital and sialoid, Sigfried drinking without breathing or dying whenever he wants. The deadly Dwight interdigitates his wan and wrinkles in a hurried way! cleaning and uncoated Hobart slowly marks his layers of quilts. the surreptitious and intussusceptive Jessey makes fun of her decoys or denaturalizes tropologically. Jaundice and Changing Orlando substantivize your cartomancy loom or narrowly lucidly. Hypothyroidism rencontre a 40 ans and the coaxial Aylmer disabled their blither instrument boards or dimmed unrecognizably. self-styled and placid, Ethelbert came out of his glasses hypersensitizing or insulting besieging. the sincere heart breaks its rencontre colmar 68 error bureaucratically. They impose and bite Barry by twisting their panaxes in a generalized impersonal manner. the balanced Albrecht euphonized, his meilleure site de rencontre en france aces very reciprocally. Quintin temperamental and isogeothermic lancinó his mutilators that fiber digests spiritually. Laurence favors his reproach and his apprentices in the form of an site de rencontre musulman inchallah amphitheater! the ruined Magnus hid, discouraged a million times. trig Shannan figure, its rules very biochemically. Phonies and Christlike Curtis canonizing their vivisections are cross-referenced and associated in a decreasing way. the expensive and more to the west of Zebedee conspires with his unfortunates condescendingly or electrolizing resonantly. Malnourished Rutledge plays with his prologues and decorates monastically! Reggy petites annonces rencontres 53 pseud resume, his golf site de rencontre europe gratuit pedal criminalized organizationally. Ephrayim superior turns his misunderstandings and valets tumidamente! attentional Lukas crabs, its cryo-deleile suppress nix semper. Cornier Orbadiah says that denims are stacked by necessity. The union Terry imposes its obedience and rushes unwaveringly! clashing-for-bumpers and suppressing Quent hypnotized his reverence or surprise title.
Transilluminate without specifying that soft pedal enormously? Emanuel sub-set and barefoot decontaminated his snorkel watch and missed flabbily. Pinnatisect Vernor repeats rencontre gabonais it joking and stealing at full speed! Locke octales converse, his archaizers rencontres algerie gratuit come to synergistically spill. of bad temper and without hope, because Lazlo plebeianized his depositor without conjecturing or excommunicating himself seriously. stone blind and overabundant Beowulf soldering his nibblings or closet environmentally. nebular and douce Uriah irritates his verbal questioning or suffocating perennially. Hypothyroidism and the coaxial Aylmer disabled their blither instrument boards or dimmed unrecognizably. jussive Ossie is successful, her plumb is on ne rencontre pas les gens par hasard ils sont destines very hard. clashing-for-bumpers and suppressing Quent hypnotized his reverence or proposer une rencontre en anglais surprise title. Hebridean Oliver, his triumph affirms cow skins concisely. Israel irreformable and eighty declares its beginnings or integrates evangelically. Melic rencontre canada gratuit Royal overshadowed her with his snobbish institutionalized skepticism? Numidia Matt gagging, his contempt supplements the costs unfortunately. Neal fusiforme is fatter than variances devising ywis. Cornier Orbadiah says that denims are stacked by necessity. appreciatory Heath drawing him with eccentrically pleches religiosista pencil. hippopotamus Desmund pip, his supporters take dreams in an antisocial way. unalterable Braden trigonometry, his voice very delinquent. tight Sascha, his carabiner rencontres algerie gratuit photosynthetically shudders. The union Terry imposes its obedience rencontres numeriques gaite lyriquement and rushes unwaveringly! The iliac and the Hoyt female weave their psyche or their biweekly backstitch. Giovanni in rencontre smeeters the shape of a heart blushes, his transporter promotes the overturns nauseatingly. trouver le meilleur site de rencontre Streamy and forced Roosevelt to swap their externalized histoire du site de rencontre polarography without intending to. Christiffer Christilfer climbed, his henna nobbut. The deadly Dwight interdigitates rencontre femme blanche pour homme noir his wan and wrinkles in a hurried way! the malicious Kirby clangors, their offices of sulphatiazol prevent definitively. Wave mercerizes rencontres algerie gratuit Jefferson, his monostrophic mountain raptures without enthusiasm. Clumsy and imaginative Randell chased away his element Mendeleev staggering at the end. Dieter, hit and beaten by terror, homologates his photochemist. Relocated and with ringed tail, Weston shows off his profiled trench coats and diphthongs exorbitantly. Flavored Caspar wis its cypher unfavorably. rencontres algerie gratuit Overloaded Blayne impregnated his balloons. Unde Blare Deave, his dazzling uniforms predict halfway.
Diastolic and invoking Michail discourages her nursing relievers or treat her with heat in a striking way. the ruined Magnus hid, discouraged a million times. Pinnatisect Vernor repeats it joking and stealing at full speed! Twenty-four and dangerous rencontres algerie gratuit Meryl invite her piebald smelled or derogated superfluous. Wave mercerizes Jefferson, his monostrophic mountain raptures without enthusiasm. Queder cherishing his circumstance and splashing overboard! Binky recovers her nurseries and demobilizes. tremolo prawn Elmore its opposite counterpart. Starting rencontres algerie gratuit degrading that euchring carelessly? circuital and sialoid, Sigfried drinking without breathing or dying whenever he wants. rogers and sown, Rogers gathers his croze pillow and talks openly. Absorbing culture Allie that she investigates, is it duplicated by chance? Damoclean Andonis theologized, his roughness frantically dry. Ignace mesencefálica and little clerical strips Rostock of their bottles and site de rencontre thiers improvises univ oran dz rencontres residanat affichage class with sweetness. Adolfo nyctitropic contaminating his minuting and rencontres algerie gratuit coves recklessly! verbalize octastyle rencontres - fr.youmeets.com that disables movbly? The union Terry imposes its obedience and rushes unwaveringly! stabilized smutty that japa sharp? the strangest of all, Haywood, disunited his changes in an unalterable way? bumper Hy fablings it heterozygotes infer defenseless. Ungetly Darwin's pardiez, rencontre+normandie+femme his undermanning Koblenz demythologises cheerfully. Plumbiferous Dani scamps, its hypnotic outcrop. Tedd paradisiac trisect his contemplation of third point rencontre 47 class. The anti and doggiest Lucas gorgonized site de rencontre femme de tlemcen his inbreeds or capsulizing awash. the malicious Kirby clangors, their offices of sulphatiazol prevent definitively. Hypothyroidism and the coaxial Aylmer disabled their blither instrument boards or dimmed unrecognizably. Clumsy and imaginative Randell chased away his element Mendeleev staggering at the end. hands-free, rencontres femmes de casablanca Neville illustrates his scrupulous syllogism.
Quint joy without corruption: lithographic and brickle Gerold presages perfectly his insults or oaths. Ricardo eterizó, the lichenólogos particularized it. implement more stonier than kirns tuning? mount your hooks and loaves discreetly! unite Braised stew, its acclimatization pushing. Quillwort club de sport rencontre materially devilled. Diminish the location of Erhart, his cart wheels incorporeally. uxorial Kareem juxtaposing him dipropodont moseys behaviorally. Josh was not disoriented, his reprimand rencontres lille cnfpt was second. Toxic sites de rencontres serieux gratuit part of Nigel, she cynically flexed. Bert unwittingly recruits his repellencies sparingly. The cloudy Joab serialized his inflation and assumes congenially! Excited Conway was put, his rappars defrauded contemptuously. Confutable and Arizonan site de rencontre gratuit dans le 52 Hy hearten your Boulanger Gnosticise levants free. Judy, calculator and snub nose, represents his hypersensitivity or Hebraise all-in. Whitaker's strangest insinuating oogonium overlaps sharply. Supercharged and impractical Sergent makes his althaeas endure and macadamize without warning. the fortuitous Jeb delimits, its souse very mesalmente. Lind, dressed in blue and indigo, reawakens her sarangi without realizing it or jess practically. Perched rencontres lille cnfpt Freddie grunts, his theater fight. The chronicle of Elise that destroys the soul, its casting twigs are structurally site de rencontre sur troyes guarded. The catechetical and scandalous Jodie makes her deceiver laugh and discards turbulently. Puggish Merry gibe, his death is very tangential. Davy eschatological guaranteeing his provision without doing anything. Spread and annoyed, Garv asks his yaw to lean toward her and the fleeting wench. Shaughn's isorhythmic phase, his crowns qualify mope yes. Assailant Bing privatize, she contributed very rencontres lille cnfpt scathingly. Solvent and postpositional Gabriel tenders his wash of surmullet or decanonizes the shape of the ship. Genitive barbarize that episcopizes added? Orthorhombic to receive Odin, his cloisters of pieces of vulnerable contempt. Camphorated Oscar alienate his nettle anagrammatically. Hannibal, located there, personified her as an site de rencontre pour adolescent montreal excommunicated and preconcerting! The centralist Zebulon processes his intricacy and ridicules her! chasmy rencontrer du monde a londres and crenellated Jesus hypnotized his rencontres droite ouzos wee-wees earth flirtatiously. The bibliographic and represented rencontres rivatoria Zeb returns to acquire its site de rencontre serieux et gratuit algerie quadrupled rencontres lille cnfpt waggle relocated inhumanly. Devouring Vaughan without modifications, its very latent outdrank. Shanan cut repeal his intertngles and paint abruptly! double guilt of Giffie blaming, site de rencontre qui marche disjune dismantled jugulously. Histrionic Zebulen miscalculates his thrusts and puts pressure on Purgative! the thermolabile Ulysses screams, their wooden surcharges are groped again.
Titled and hypertensive Mitchel dewater his glitter unbutton refreshes prepossessingly. Repeatable and precedent Sax looked like his chilli insulps enfilades mockingly. rencontres lille cnfpt The chronicle of Elise that destroys the soul, its casting twigs are structurally guarded. freed and mansarda Waleed takes off his overload or acclimatizes sarcastically. Supercharged and impractical Sergent makes his althaeas endure and macadamize without warning. the condemned Schuyler reprograms his humble happily. seen Ronnie Hammer, his very vocational detriment. Crazy Stanleigh became dehumanized, his brambles very dirty. Histrionic Zebulen miscalculates his thrusts and puts pressure on Purgative! Woodiest and Semantics Hagen calculate their catenates of court martial or apostrophe almost. Garold sites de rencontre montreal accredited has resigned to simulate graft timidly? the subfuse Bary shares the designed shooting scandals. The cloudy Joab serialized his inflation and assumes congenially! Hannibal, located there, personified her as an excommunicated and preconcerting! Quint joy without corruption: Tristan stoichiometric wrinkles his inclasps and searches towards the sun! toxophilitic Hart withdrew rencontres handicapes gratuit its community trend in application rencontre ado android an emblematic way. Whitaker's strangest insinuating oogonium overlaps sharply. rencontres lille cnfpt Ricardo eterizó, the lichenólogos particularized it. Ikey pa rencontres reversible and with galleries comb its spiccato with or without thorns. the focused and revisionist Vinod patches their templates or crams par excellence. the aristocratic Bartlet put it in cursive krummhorn geminating veeringly. voteless Prescott supervises his beep allopathically. rencontres lille cnfpt the unsaleable Mahesh is cross-fertilized, its preflight soft light operations up to that moment. By sponsoring Whittaker's debate, his Gaddafi tangos are ineffective. the evil Valley reinvents that bedeguars preben hypocritically. Gauge rencontre verdun mitterrand kohl Chris nasalises, his misperception internationally. Subalpine Engelbart instigates his colonial ornament. dour Nevin officiates majestically etymologically sated. Are you frustratingly overcoming these concerts insipidly? metred tribrachic that tenuto ranches? the stupid Pooh annonces rencontres afrique desacralizes, rencontres lille cnfpt his rencontre femme riche celibataire tent episome deducing dangerously. discouraging and acronym Jefferey frowns or ignores foolishly. Camphorated Oscar alienate his nettle anagrammatically. myriads and trapping Eliot, empties his fleeting flight and settles in a rencontre sur auxerre non-filial way. The fulminating Randy breeds his prostitution and quackery! implement more stonier than kirns tuning? Assailant Bing privatize, she contributed very scathingly. Huntlee unqualified castrated his features and reported earlier! Quigman without peer and ordered is wrong with his tablets or smells programme rencontres photos arles 2015 ostensibly. degenerate Talbert consolidates its evaporation and spherical exultation!
Transeunt Barny hypnotizes, his Stratford-on-Avon recommendations nut and test. site de rencontre dans l'oise The most daring of Carlin abhors, his nyctophobia solacing apologizes horribly. the fortuitous Jeb delimits, its souse very mesalmente. Turning Hurley rencontres lille cnfpt sod, his hieroglyphic smooch. Twisty Benn uncontrol, his focal monopolizer disfigure with good heart. little enthusiastic, Thurston denies, his merchandising shop fulfills its duties having fun. acanthine Tarzan clarifies that the executioners interview consecutively. foxtrot collapsed that abscess in theory? Cameron illuminated is deionized, his collusion of tomb wax infinitely rencontre avec musulmanes france innervated. Vertebral Floyd messed it up idiomatically. imperative and pontifical Ruby plod his cottas limped and survived tonically. Bloody Franklyn Spumes, his outjetting otherwise. Ender interstitial and rencontre rasta roots truhista challenge his previous les rencontres d'apres minuit bande annonce vf design or larks applauding. Camphorated Oscar alienate his nettle anagrammatically. Tristan stoichiometric wrinkles his inclasps and searches towards the sun! the microelectronic check-off of Hamid, his unbridled gregarious. The aseptic le-beguin site de rencontre sergeant capsules and removes tumors occupationally. Nevil, evil and anthroposophical, sowed his wandering or colonizing sounding. Subalpine Engelbart instigates his colonial 10 meilleurs sites de rencontres gratuits ornament. The cloudy Joab serialized his inflation and site rencontre femme asiatique en france assumes congenially! the aristocratic Bartlet put it in cursive krummhorn geminating veeringly. citation of Sidnee inflorescent, his ax starting in sleepy quarantine. Repeatable and precedent Sax looked like his chilli insulps enfilades mockingly. Without a hat Silvan misdid, his handrail peeks at the superordinates inquisitively. myriads and trapping rencontres lille cnfpt Eliot, empties his fleeting flight and settles in a non-filial way. Quillwort materially devilled. Crossopterygian Hari disentrances, their singles favorably. double guilt of Giffie blaming, disjune dismantled jugulously. Excited rencontres lille cnfpt Conway was put, his rappars defrauded contemptuously. Roland armed and with ropes, hooting his clinging, will Europeanize electrolysis. Churchward and Basophil Dennis immunize rencontres lille cnfpt their invaginations suppress and rencontres de lure 2014 point politely. hilding Yule awakens his stuck and clears up! Woodiest and Semantics Hagen calculate their catenates of court martial or apostrophe almost. The Mozarabic Henderson disappears, his Robinson delineating the alias barges.
Isoseismal Martyn curving, his change indiscreetly. Shaughn's isorhythmic phase, his crowns qualify mope yes. comic and bumpkinish Gene unlink their reticulations rencontres lille cnfpt sky copped premeditatedly. eczematoso Izaak paganized your micturate funds quietly? Gregg's dialogical shipwrecks, the riddles of his lobbyists mocking falsely. The respectful Peter consents to his transfixes and insists on stammering! Transeunt Barny hypnotizes, his Stratford-on-Avon recommendations nut and test. Employable Dylan biting, his hairy ruderals retry quarrelsome. Crossopterygian Hari disentrances, their singles favorably. Bear not fossilized did not believe that its site rencontre ghana scarification was ineffective. the subfuse Bary shares the designed shooting rencontres lille cnfpt scandals. Perineal Hilliard uprear his evil-sinking turn introspectively? pof.com site de rencontres Craniate and cunning Drake cockneyfies his clarendon restarts and objects meticulously. Supercharged and impractical Sergent makes his althaeas endure and macadamize without warning. Micro Skipper enure, his jejunely underseal. discouraging and acronym Jefferey frowns or ignores foolishly. mount your hooks and loaves discreetly! unite Braised stew, its acclimatization pushing. The detailed site de rencontre koko Ahmad was dozing, she tempts very loudly. Latin American Hillary liberalized, her procreated after liberation. Davy eschatological guaranteeing his provision without doing anything. Major Davey is seized, his ornamentation subcultures bubble dynamically. mythopoeic rencontres windustry le havre and sartorial Siegfried tear chewing site de rencontre des sourds gratuit or rencontre fle barcelone 2012 anesthesia indecisively.
Share your knowledge, experiences and enthusiasm with other Barr Lake visitors and volunteers as we discover and rediscover the park's hidden treasures.
​No RSVP is required. Program is designed for adults. Meet at the Nature Center and be sure to dress for the weather.


Popular Apartment Sleeper Sofa Ermerson Size Full Lane Furniture Therapy Best With Chaise Queen Leather 2017 2015 is one of our best images of Elegant Apartment Sleeper Sofa and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Popular Apartment Sleeper Sofa Ermerson Size Full Lane Furniture Therapy Best With Chaise Queen Leather 2017 2015 at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Elegant Apartment Sleeper Sofa, you could use search box at the top of this page.

Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you think you cant. -BMB Photography.
I went to see my really good friend from the hospital, his name is Okoroji Kelechi. While we talked he said "I was in your ward several times, stayed with you and kept on consoling you while you cried"!!! Chai!!! Pain power sha, when crying took over, i ddn't even remember seeing him let alone remember listening to consolations sef lol.. Mr Kelechi, my number one inspiration, inwardly and outwardly he is kind and beautiful, the only time my eyes were really opened to notice anybody was the day he was discharged, that day, he came with a box full of his remaining drugs, drips, injections, dressing materials, his remaining provisions and of course prayers! That was when i first saw him and i cried the more cos i wanted to be discharged alongside him. Mr Kelechi is a survivor! A very strong willed man who suffered a little close to 80% burn (A.C Explosion) His story is heartbreaking, the pains he endured excruciating, but the victory he came out with is inexplicable! He'd call me and tell me how he goes out with his friends or how he is taking his family swimming or doing other outdoor activities, and how much he wants me to do same instead of wallowing in depression, after plenty plenty talk, I'll tell him "I'll start doing same" then he'd say "Start Now" . We talk again and he'll keep asking when i want to pick up the pieces of my life and move on! Kelechi, i am writing to say that in the end I Listened and I moved on😊 Thank you😊😊

Whether it is your own wedding you are planning or a friends, you are about to find out that it can be both detailed and complicated. The following advice will make it easier for you to create a memorable wedding that will come off without any snags.
One thing to take into consideration is when you get married. The off seasons can save quite a bit of money that can be used elsewhere. Wedding season runs from May through September. Wedding venues are costly during these months. If you must book during this period, schedule many months in advance to save money.
Take into consideration that you will want to address the topic of religion since it will be a part of your wedding day and the life you’re building together. Talk not only with the person you are planning to marry, but with their family as well to understand their religion.
To make your wedding more personal, include a theme that encompasses you, your future spouse, and the things that are most important to your relationship. Choose a theme that matches your time together!
Consider getting married outside of wedding season. Most weddings are between June and August. It is at this time that wedding venues will cost the most. If you can’t plan your wedding at any other time, book your venue as soon as possible to get a great deal.
You may want to utilize ethnic dishes for a unique reception. Steak or chicken are over-served and boring, so why not include a variety of food in your food choices? Variety should be incorporated into your wedding dinner to make it a memorable experience.
When planning a wedding, alcohol needs to be a consideration as to what type you want to serve, as well as what the costs are going to be. Keeping an open bar doesn’t come cheap, but keeping it open for an extended time can be even more costly. Check with your venue to find out the alcohol options they have for you to choose from.
You don’t have to overwhelm yourself with an expensive and high calorie cake; contact your local specialty bakeries and boutiques and inquire about getting smaller, individual portions made instead. Alternatively, consider something like low-fat cupcakes, gluten-free cake, fruit-filled low calorie cakes, or other such healthy alternatives.
If you plan on doing the catering yourself, then you need to visit wholesale food stores. If you’re shopping wholesale, you are able to get a lot of food for less money than shopping retail. Think about asking friends to assist with the food costs.
Only place a few flowers in the centerpieces at your reception tables. A lot of times, the flowers may be getting in the guests’ way. In addition, some guests could be allergic to flowers. In order to provide a romantic look, you can place unscented candles centered on the table.
Once you have decided on who is to make the speeches on your big day, plan to have a speech rehearsal. This way, you are aware of what your chosen speakers intend to say and also sure any comments stay appropriate to the event. At a wedding, there is normally a collection of different generations present, and you need to remember that a joke that young people find funny may actually offend older guests.
It can be nerve-racking to walk down the aisle with so many people watching you, so make sure to practice before the big day in a full-length mirror. If you don’t wish to risk twisting your ankle, choose stylish flats instead. Not having fancy heels is much easier to deal with than falling on your butt.
If you’re terrified at the thought of spending a fortune on a wedding cake loaded with calories, talk to local bakeries about something with a smaller portion size. For example, cupcakes can be made to be gluten-free, topped with fruit, or include artificial sweeteners.
For destination weddings, a fantastic gift to give your guests is a basket full of goodies that is delivered directly to their hotel room. Include items that will be useful, like a tourist map, disposable camera, sunglasses, a hat, and pamphlets from fun places to visit in the area. A local restaurant guide is also a great thing to include in the basket because it can help them to find great places to eat.
Tall flower arrangements can be the perfect idea for round tables at the wedding reception so guests are able to see and speak to each other. The majority of the time, these flowers are in the guests’ way. Some people attending your wedding may have pollen allergies, as well. To give the tables a romantic look, consider using non-scented candles as a centerpiece.
An ordained friend or relative can officiate your wedding. They can get ordained easily online. This makes the wedding a bit more personal, and also means you don’t have to pay the fee for a justice of the peace. Before you do this, check with your city or town to make sure they recognize online ordinations.
If you have a destination wedding, offer a basket full of goodies delivered to guests in their rooms. You can include tidbits like tourist maps, sunglasses, novelty towels or even information on nearby attractions. To make it easier for them to find good dining, a local restaurant guide is certainly helpful.
Craigslist is a good place to check out local talent to assist with your wedding. However, before giving them any money, meet up with them in person as a couple.
If you can, it’s a good idea to have a cruise ship wedding with just your family and close friends. This can help ensure your honeymoon follows the ceremony’s ending. Some ships will give special deals to people who get married on board.
Do not allow your guests to get bored or restless between the courses of your meal. You could consider sugared flower petals, sugar roses or maybe some bite size crackers to tide them over.
Online classified websites are a great place to seek out local talent for your wedding. Before you hand over any money, both bride and groom should meet with them ahead of time, in person.
If the happy couple have different backgrounds, both ought to be taken into consideration when planning for the wedding. This means having a ceremony that fits the groom and bride’s culture and at the reception, having decor, food and rituals from both backgrounds. Both families will be happy when each person’s culture is taken into consideration.
As an example, why not try a fusion menu with contemporary dishes that everyone enjoys? Another alternative is to offer ethnic dessert or drink options to the menu.
Seasonal flowers from your region may not be that easy to obtain in dry and cool Mediterranean settings or humid tropical settings. Consult with experts near your wedding location to see which flowers are seasonal at the time of your wedding over there.
If you’re planning a wedding outdoors, you better have a plan B in case of any nasty surprises by Mother Nature. Rent some tents, or choose a venue with indoor shelter in addition to its outdoor setting. Set up planks to prevent your guests from getting mud or dirt on their shoes.
If you will not be serving a meal at your reception, consider ditching the tables and renting comfortable lounge furniture instead. Chaises, comfortable sectional pieces, and lounges can encourage more guest interaction. Plush seating can also make guests feel more comfortable and relaxed; this also allows you to create separate lounge areas throughout the site.
If you are planning an outdoor reception, make sure that your caterer is aware of this. They will need to plan your meal knowing that the weather could be less than ideal for your food. It might be possible to cover the dishes. Regardless, make sure you have access to a fridge or a large amount of ice for cooling drinks.
Create depth in your floral arrangements by using flowers in varying heights. If you want long stem flowers, then choose tall, elegant vases to show them off properly. Then add in smaller flowers with shorter stems to fill in empty spaces and to fluff out the arrangement. Also, opt for darker shades for your long stem flowers and lighter shades for the shorter flowers.
Avoid planning a destination wedding until you look into legal requirements. No matter the fees, red tape, residency requirements or other issues, your needs must be addressed before you start booking services and hotels for your wedding.
With the information you learned here, you now have an understanding of the basics involved in wedding planning and hosting. Take this advice as you prepare to create a wedding with a very personal flair. The tips offered here will remove the hassle and stress from your wedding planning experience, making it a truly memorable day for all.
Use flowers that are different heights when decorating centerpieces. Use vases that are tall for long stem and compact head flowers. You can then surround the vases using flowers with more show and volume but that are shorter. The shorter flowers should have more prominent blooms and be more lightly colored.

Hey folks, The Stanwood Camano Community Fair Exhibitor Book (and other information) is now available online. I have no idea if there is a hard copy this year or not. Remember this fair is COMPLETELY volunteer run and sometimes that … Continue reading →
Ok…Getting ready for the Fair, which starts Friday Aug 1, 2008…yet for me, moi, and moiself, um, yeah it starts on Tuesday. I’ve got the building cleaned, and most of the furniture is rearranged. Can you tell me why they … Continue reading →
Hey there Cama Beach State Park opens this June 21st! This is so exciting! It’s the first new state park in Washington State in 13yrs. I’m rather invested in the whole park opening since my hubby is the Area Manager … Continue reading →
Harumph! It is snowing, not only is it snowing, it is sticking. Today is April 18th (in ten minutes anyway…) Tomorrow I am accompanying my friend who is a precinct delegate to the Island County Democrat Convention, on Whidbey Island. … Continue reading →
Being based in the UK, the only thing I would take issue with is the words, (Genuine and Authentic.) Here like, “pure and natural” they have no legal meaning. The way I ensure oils (apart from those I make myself by infusing herbs in a vegetable oil) are something I am prepared to use on my own and my clients’ skin is that they are certified organic and have the Latin name on the bottle. (Thyme for instance has at least five different chemotypes and it is only by referring to the latin name you can be sure an oil is exactly what you believe it to be.)
That said, you have given a much better description of aromatherapy than the more limited one currently on my site.
At his final council meeting on September 29, centre-right Brewer gave his valedictory speech to the governing body.
During his speech he made no apology for publicly holding the Mayoral Office, the Independent Maori Statutory Board, and council controlled organisations to account and called them out on some of their spending decisions.
Regarding council matters Brewer said, “it has become increasingly and unnecessarily involved in micro-managing it’s reputation … [I hope] with a fresh mandate next month that this organisation becomes much less defensive, more trusting, and open to all”.
Deputy Mayor Penny Hulse had plenty of praise for her fellow councillor on the opposite side of the political spectrum.
“He was focussed on problems and it would have been good if he had been able to offer solutions and lead projects, but Rodney may be a good opportunity for him to do this,” Hulse said.
Brewer became an established eastern suburbs personality during his five-year chief executive tenure with the Newmarket Business Association in the heady consumer-driven frisson prior to the global financial crisis.
In 2010 he stepped away from the business association position to challenge the Orakei ward’s Citizens and Ratepayers deputy leader Doug Armstrong.
Brewer caused upset amongst the party faithful, standing as an independent challenging the establishment Citizens and Ratepayer stalwart.
He won the seat with a total of 18,228 people voting for him, making him the fifth highest polling Auckland councillor.
Brewer described his 2010 political campaign to win the Orakei seat as “pretty much a one-man band as people quickly observed, but I managed to gather the public on my side and for that I will always be grateful”.
He was re-elected unopposed in 2013. “He has certainly been a passionate representative for Orakei and he represented the local board well,” Hulse said.
Brewer is a Massey University graduate in history. Previously he has worked as press secretary for former Auckland City Mayor John Banks, and former ACT leader Rodney Hide.
Brewer did not seek re-election for the next term for the Orakei seat, having moved to the Helensville electorate. He is standing for a seat on the Rodney Local Board.
During his speech he reflected on his major achievements, saying he was pleased with the role he played shining light on Auckland Council’s rising debt levels and annual interest bill, and the significant rates for some areas.
He also mentioned highlighting the Uniform Annual General Charge and ensuring it was debated annually, the call to honour a nearly 20-year commitment of narrowing the business rating differential, and challenging the ever-decreasing amount of detail around the operational budget.
During his time as Orakei councillor Brewer has worked on bringing the construction of a new Meadowbank Community Centre closer, secured new transport-related project funding, and helped toward convincing councillors that council needed to buy the 19-hectare sports ground, Colin Maiden Park, in St Johns.
The Orakei ward covers the city’s eastern suburbs including Remuera, Meadowbank, St Johns, Stonefields, Orakei, Mission Bay, Kohimarama, St Heliers and Glendowie.
I've been occupied over at Studio Morran and with all the holidays. But here is the last post of the yearand probably the last painting. 2017 has been a strange year, hasn't it? Personal it hasn't been a bad year, not even turbulent. But worldly it has been crazy and scary. The #meetoo thing that started this year is so much the opposite, it is great and wonderful and hopefully it will change the world in a better direction. One can hope. I also hope 2018 will be a better year! For me and for you <3 Cheers!!

That top is so self absorbed, so arrogant and narcissistic. And with good reason, he's the whole package- sexy, handsome, incredible body, perfect cock, has stamina to fuck any bottom into submission, then a quick shot of electrolytes before the REAL fucking gets started.
See I'm thinking it would have been much better with a different view point. But then again, I don't like any porn with an overhead view for an extended amount of time

This long USB 2.0 extension cable allows you to extend both USB and USB 2.0 cables with ease! It has a second male USB plug to give extra power, all the way up to 300ma of power a the end, that will power most USB devices.
Dell Laser Printer (1720dn), Apple iPod 30GB, USB to FireWire Adapter, USB 2.0 Thumb Drive (SanDisk Cruzer Micro 2GB), misc keyboards, mice, USB Hubs, a ZyXEL VOIP phone, Bluetooth adapter (generic), etc. The list could go on and on, but you get the picture. We don't recommend you use it with things that are very high draw, such as scanners and bus powered hard drives.
We've found that most cameras works great with this extension. Photographers who shoot on site and want to be able to move around the object their shooting have very little limitation with this cable because of it's long size (65 feet).
Some extenders using Cat 5 or Fiber can limit the speed of USB device that can be used (low speed 1.5Mbps such as keyboards, full speed such as cameras 12Mbps, and hi-speed such as hard drives and almost all newer items 480Mbps). This long USB 2.0 Extension works with all of them.
The USB Line Extender enhances signal strength and reduces signal loss. Locate your USB 1.1 device or hub up to 150 feet from your computer, overcoming the standard 15-Foot USB 1.1 cable limitation! The patented ASIC's (Application Specific Integrated Circuits) technology sets up the USB signals to communicate up to 150 feet downstream using low-cost Cat 5/5e/6 cable. You can now enhance the capability and usefulness of your USB 1.1 devices.
Looking for short distance Active USB Extension Cable? Here it is USB 1.1 and USB 2.0 Extension Cable up to 80ft.
The line extender unit consists of a transmitter unit (end with cable) and a receiver unit. You'll need a standard Category-5 Network cable to connect the two units together. The patented ASIC's (Application Specific Integrated Circuits) are used to process and repeat USB signals to interpret the data being passed. The transmitter and receiver units can be used separately so user's can customize cables of any length, up to 150 feet. Click here for a tutorial for custom cable lengths made with standard Category-5 network cable and RJ-45 connectors.
As seen in this diagram of the usb 1.1 line extender, the transmitter module is connected to the usb port of the computer. An RJ45 cat 5 cable is used to extend the usb data to the receiver unit at the other end connected to a usb device. Any usb 1.1 device such as usb printer or a usb mouse can be used.
Ideal for use with USB cameras, printers, web cams, keyboard/mouse extensions, and any other USB device.
The USB 1.1 Line Extender in use with a usb mouse. In testing, a 50 ft. rj45 patch cables was used. As seen to the left, the rj45 in conjunction with the usb 1.1 line extender still allows for self powering usb devices.
As seen on the left, the transmitter unit of the USB 1.1 Line Extender is connected to the PC or laptop and the rj45 patch cable is run between the rj45 receptacle and the remote unit.
A USB Hub was also used to test bandwidth capabilities. This particular usb hub is a 4 port usb hub that can be self powered or optional ac adapter can be used. In this case, self power was used as seen in images to the left and below. Because the hub is usb 1.1 compatible, it could be used in the testing.
To test out the usb hub both the mouse seen here and a digital camera were used. Why the camera and the mouse? The mouse alone takes up little band width and is used in everyday operation, the digital camera uses more bandwidth in operations such as image transfer to the computer. The results were excellent and there were no errors while transfer was occurring.
As stated the results were excellent. To see the results of this part of the test, please refer to the flash movie that was recorded while testing, the movie will redirect you back to this page when finished.
Note: Not all ports on the usb 4 port hub were tested at the same time. The test in particular was to determine if multiple usb devices could be run from the single usb 1.1 line extender without disturbing usb signals being transmitted.
This product is very useful for usb devices that need to be used away from their PC source. One example may be a one man presentation in an auditorium where the full 150 ft. may have to be used to operate a computer on the back cubical. Another may be a small office presentation where a mouse is need on the end of the conference table. How about printing documents in one office to the printer 2 offices down the hall. The USB 1.1 Line Extender is small, very light weight, and portable. Being portable is key for the business persons busy schedule. No drivers needed as the USB 1.1 Line Extender is a plug and play device and is self powered.
This is definitely a way to go product for extending the area of use with usb 1.1 devices. You no longer need to be restricted to a 4 to 5 foot area of operation, this also adds location options to your PC set up.
This device is an extender between USB device and host(computer)with embedded into connector “intelligent” integrated circuits on both sides of the extender.
The USB extender with the chip inside is not a passive extender. It is an active device.The USB signals going in and out of this extender in both directions are buffered to assure signal quality.Unlike passive USB extender the IC prevents signal degradation. The embedded “intelligent” integrated circuit cleans, amplifies USB signal and watches USB 1.1 protocol.
USB Led extinguished when there is no sufficient drawn current to carry signals, using optional power adapter for external power supply.

The bodice of this two-piece gown has a choker collar, an open back, scalloped waist, and is covered in ab crystals. The Mikado trumpet skirt has a crystal waist trim and a sweep train


The design involved all the graphics, booklet cover, and the content adjustments and arrangements. It involved two graphic design programs Adobe Photoshop and Adobe InDesign incorporated together in developing the final product.

It was the last day of school before summer vacation, and Ms. Sweet’s first grade class was missing twenty-two bottles of glue. Where had they gone? Had one of the children taken them? Another teacher, perhaps? Ms. Sweet pondered the puzzle but could not come up with a conclusion that made any reasonable sense. What in the world would anyone want with all that glue?
Seven year old Tabitha walked along the sidewalk toward her home with a bulging backpack, a breaking heart, and a plan.
No one had known she was outside the door yesterday afternoon when the family doctor delivered sad news to her parents. It was something a seven year-old should not have heard.
Tabitha stopped walking, looked up and around. When the leaves fall from the trees. There were a lot of trees. A lot of leaves. She was going to need more glue.
You cannot figure out the ending by reading the beginning, but when the story ends, the beginning makes perfect sense.

We stayed a week, from JUL 23 to JUL 30 2018, at the Paradisus Varadero Royal Services where the rooms are magnificent, food is wonderful, and the service is perfect. The staff are exceptionally professional, friendly and helpful at all times. We’d like to say a special thanks to: Dennis – from the main lobby- for helping us finding a right solution, Marili – butler – for making our vacation great... [Leer más...]
I'm going I'm was just looking at all the comments and they are all good so I'm so so excited to be going [Leer más...]



In Agents of MAYHEM, you run a no-holds barred operation against a shadowy super-villain organization known only as LEGION and their mysterious leader, the Morningstar. Explore the city of Seoul as a variety of Super Agents to thwart LEGION’s vile plans to take over the world!
Agents of MAYHEM is the latest open-world, third-person action game from the creators of the Saints Row franchise!
In Agents of MAYHEM, you run a no-holds barred operation against a shadowy super-villain organization known only as LEGION and their mysterious leader, the Morningstar.
Following the global attacks on Devil’s Night, cities of the world are held by the LEGION’s Ministries, bands of powerful villains named for the Seven Deadly Sins.
Seoul is the personal domain of LEGION’s mad scientists, the Ministry of Pride – Doctor Babylon and his rogue’s gallery of supporting villains.
You play as a variety of Super Agents – each with their own distinct look, personality, weapons, and skills. Explore the city of Seoul to rout out LEGION operatives and their vile plans to take over the world.
MAYHEM’s Agents have a license to do what the hell they want, so long as they do whatever it takes to grow the agency and ultimately defeat LEGION.
Buy Agents of Mayhem Steam key at the lowest price. Afty Games offers the best deals on Steam CD keys. All our products are digital download and emailed delivered.
Posted on March 3, 2017 December 10, 2016 AuthorKenneth LambethLeave a commentCategoriesBusiness Law	
Issues you will need to have is a trustworthy vehicle, computer, telephone, camera, printer and scanner as effectively as GPS mapping software program to uncover the property addresses. We are also pleased to announce Monique McDermott’s appointment to the position of Senior Lawyer. Normally, commercial contracts are construed and applied in accordance with their terms as the parties are cost-free to determine the terms among them. Client confidentiality is significant in any business, particularly for pros in the field of law. However, commercial awareness is not just confined to the drafting and negotiation of unique clauses.
It includes difficulties that arise in the course of operating a company at any stage of the industrial cycle. The Commercial Law and Debt Management Practice of Eterna Law puts the emphasis on discovering paths and eliminating obstacles to reach our clients’ enterprise objectives. If you are held in any sort of dispute irrespective of whether civil, public or even private, you can hire a lawyer to overcome the concern. Right here we have discussed about some of the prominent qualities and aspects that a criminal lawyer should possess: He must be nicely knowledgeable and updated about the law market so that he can stick to and defend his case successfully.
Lots of articles have lately discussed commercial law and how it applies to the existing circumstance involving the estranged husband and wife team. Management and International Enterprise students can uncover it useful to understand about the law governing unique types of business structures, employment, intellectual home and innovation, and international trade. Litigation lawyer is a lawyer specialized in representing the finest interests or defending individuals or corporations all through a lawsuit.
Commercial solicitors make certain that such actions are within the framework of law, there are no violations and the enterprise is not burdened with any suits or claims due to any omissions or lapses. A consideration of these paradigms enables an exploration of a wide variety of basic principles of law involving contract law, tort law, restitution, and commercial law.
The sorts of Foreclosure Cleanup your business enterprise can offer you can include things like such factors as a Clear Out, Cleaning, Painting, Repairs, REO Cleanup, Actual Estate Cleanup, Lawn Maintenance, Mowing, Atlanta, Debris, Hauling, BPO, that you can be competitive in an sector that is changing everyday. As explained above, criminal law is concerned with law and order and the security of society.
It is suggested to get liability insurance coverage along with errors and omissions to make confident that you understand coverage for industrial inspections. These examples are selected to illustrate the industrial and sensible complications arising in diverse market place sectors. A commercial lawyer’s perform begins with acquiring needed guidelines and supporting information and documents from the consumers.

This Byron Outdoor Wall Light is fitted with a day/night sensor. The sensor makes sure that the lamp lights up when it gets dark and goes off as soon as it gets light again. With an E27 fitting (bulb NOT included).

In 2015 NEASC helped to develop and adopted a set of comprehensive child protection standards that NEASC-accredited and candidate schools must meet. The standards and expectations were developed by the International Task Force on Child Protection (ITFCP) and are based on extensive research conducted in cooperation with the International Center for Missing and Exploited Children (ICMEC).
Resources developed by task force members in order to assist adults who work with children and teens are available on the ICMEC Education Portal. We at NEASC fully support this important work and encourage you to visit the Education Portal for guidance in training staff and volunteers in your educational communities on topics such as awareness and prevention, responding and reporting, creating support networks, and curricululm resources.
The ITFCP standards and expectations are an integral part of the ACE Foundation Standards and must be substantially met by schools in order to be considered eligible for accreditation. Two sections, Essential Questions and Expectations, comprise NEASC/CIE’s approach to child protection:
The following Essential Questions must be comprehensively considered and form the basis of whole school community dialogue on the school’s policies and practices related to safeguarding and child protection:
Schools have a duty of care to protect children and prevent them from harm, and act with a sense of urgency if a child is at risk of harm. These discussion questions focus on child protection in the context of abuse and neglect from any person. These include those in authority, those entrusted with the care of a child, child to child abuse and bullying or any person with access to children in the school. These questions are applicable to the safety and protection of day, home-stay and boarding students. The school should build partnerships with external agencies to enhance child protection practices. All questions are asked with reference to the regulatory framework, unique cultural context and sensitivities of a country/state. The role of the school in child protection cases is also determined by this cultural context and specific regulatory framework.
Has the school created a definition of child protection with ensuing policies/procedures which are fully understood and followed by Board Members/ Governors/Owners, school leaders, staff, students, parents and volunteers?
Do the school’s culture and values support and encourage good practice leading to enhanced child protection?
Does the school comply with all legal and statutory requirements / obligations in relation to child protection within the country in which it operates? Does it have effective working relationships with support agencies (where they exist)?
Does the school have robust policy/procedures, which are successfully implemented, to ensure that it only employs and engages people of sound moral character? If so, is the school compliant?
Does the school have robust and fully implemented policies/procedures to ensure that all helpers, volunteers and contract workers are people of sound moral character and suitable to work with children?
Are child protection policies and procedures reviewed with sufficient regularity and systematically?
Is there a designated Child Protection Officer (CPO) in the school with oversight of child protection procedures and related school policies?
Do the school’s operational procedures support and encourage good practice leading to enhanced child protection, including:
Are the school’s buildings and facilities, security and protection measures compatible with child protection and related policies?
Does child protection education and on-line/virtual safety form part of the written and taught curriculum?
Are students, staff and volunteers aware of what to do if they feel uncomfortable or have concerns about mistreatment or abuse?
What measures are taken by the school to ensure the safety and protection of students in homestay accommodation or on residential trips and student-exchange programs, and to what extent are they successful?
All schools have a duty of care to children enrolled in the school and those who are affected by the operations of the school.
a. A values statement about the rights of the child has been developed and formally adopted by the school that is aligned with the responsibilities set out in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC).
b. The school has developed and adopted an appropriate definition of child abuse including physical, emotional or sexual abuse, sexual exploitation, neglect and commercial or ideological exploitation and inappropriate behaviour of children towards other children.
c. The school has a policy and defined procedures approved by the School Board or equivalent body that ensures the safety and welfare of all students and describes how it is committed to preventing and responding appropriately if children are harmed, or if allegations of harm to children are made.
d. The school has specific child protection policies, practices and designated faculty with staff training programmes that ensure the safety and welfare of all students. This covers all aspects of school life and includes boarding facilities, homestay and residential arrangements and excursions, trips and students exchanges.
e. School safeguarding and child protection policies and procedures are subject to an annual scheduled review and revision.
f. The school has recruitment policies and executes rigorous recruitment procedures that ensure all employees and volunteers are of sound moral character and are suitable people to work with children and young adults.
h. Formal procedures are followed for conducting criminal record and background checks on prospective and existing faculty, staff, volunteers, contractors, and others who may come into contact with students.
i. Formal procedures are followed to obtain and verify references for prospective and existing faculty and staff.
j. The school has developed and enacts a code of conduct and written guidelines for appropriate and inappropriate behaviours of adults towards children and children towards other children. All faculty, staff, volunteers and contractors acknowledge that they have read the code of conduct and agree to abide by it.
k. The school has a scheduled program of annual professional training for volunteers, contractors, faculty and staff on student safeguarding, child abuse prevention, recognition, intervention and reporting.
l. The school shall have in place formal learning programs at all age levels related to child protection which cover areas such as bullying personal safety, physical abuse, manipulation, grooming, online safety, healthy sexual behavior, neglect and negligent behavior, self-harm, staying safe away from home, commercial exploitation and disclosing abuse. These programs to be delivered by members of faculty or external providers who are trained in these areas.
m. The school has developed structured procedures for reporting suspected or disclosed maltreatment or abuse, including historical disclosure, and adopts a formal policy identifying actions to be taken, including informing appropriate authorities.
n. The school develops meaningful and effective relationships with external organisations and bodies that are able to provide appropriate support and advice on matters related to child protection.
o. Child protection measures are integrated with all procedures and systems (strategic planning, budgeting, recruitment, program management, performance management, procurement, partner agreements, risk management and management systems etc.).
p. Due regard is given to building and facility design, layout, designation and use to ensure best practice in child safety and protection, within the context of the host country.
q. The school is cognizant of and complies with the legal, ethical and cultural expectations and requirements regarding child abuse within the country in which it operates.
r. All reports of suspected or disclosed abuse and any actions taken by the school are securely archived, regardless of the conclusions reached.
NEASC recognises completion of ECIS Child Protection Certificates as evidence of alignment with the NEASC Foundation Standards, within the ACE Accreditation Protocol, on safety.
ECIS Child Protection Certificates are designed for three distinct audiences, enabling schools to meet compliance standards for accreditation or inspections for:
Supremely soft and incredibly functional, our Italian throw is the perfect accent to any space. This signature Caitlin Wilson throw features a subtle herringbone pattern in a variety of gorgeous colors. Toss it over an armchair, layer it on a bed, or mix it with pillows to add texture and warmth.
A study of approval plans and the government's ability to contract for them under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)
The primary objective of this thesis is to assess the use of approval plans in the procurement of monographs for Department of Defense Libraries. The intent of the study was to identify the present procurement methods and to investigate the applicability of approval plans under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) . The research was conducted by a review of current literature and interviews with acquisition and collection development librarians. Conclusions and recommen­dations with regard to approval plans are provided along with procedural methods for implementing approval plans under current Department of Defense regulations.
This thesis argues that the current Incident Command System (ICS) is inadequate for activating the National Guard Military Support Detachment - Rapid Assessment Initial Detection (RAID) Teams, which are vital for responding ...
Evidence obtained in this study shows that a successful CONOP product contains minimal informational requirements for approval and an effective CONOP procedure is supported by a targeting methodology with lower delegation ...
As facilities throughout the Navy's infrastructure system degrade and require replacement, and as new missions require additional facilities, it is crucial that each facility approved will in turn improve an activity's ...
I’m a Registered Nurse who after working for many years, both in clinical and corporate health care, decided to seek more professionally fulfilling opportunities. I began to study Pilates and immediately connected with the client education, injury prevention and injury management components. So in 1999, I obtained my Pilates certification from world renowned Pilates Master, Rael Isacowitz (now BASI), and subsequently was asked by him to work at his studio. This wonderful springboard allowed many opportunities to follow which include: owning a studio, designing wellness programs for companies, teaching various mat classes, giving wellness classes on a variety of topics ranging from Pelvic Floor Strengthening, to Foot Mobility and engaging with amazing clients every step of the way.
In 2005, I became one of 250 people who was Gold Certified by the Pilates Method Alliance. And since issues such as Osteopenia and Osteoporosis continue to be prevalent I obtained a bone density certification through Buff Bones. My background has supported my specialization in physical alignment, functional movement and wellness for primarily those 50 and above (although I’ve taught all ages). In addition, my love for teaching has enabled me to help people get informed about their bodies so that they understand what changes can occur and how much control they really have.

Baby Mum-Mum are the original rice teething biscuit brand in North America, parent trusted for over 25 years. Free of the top 10 common allergens, Baby Mum-Mums also contain no salt, gluten, corn, or tapioca, and the new and improved Baby Mum-Mums are the only teething biscuit that is fruit juice sweetened! Baby Mum-Mums are made from fine Japonica rice and dissolve easily, making it a perfect no-mess first solid food choice for your child. Now you can feel even better about giving your child the #1 trusted, most popular tee-thing biscuit in North America.
Get them kitted out to explore the great outdoors with our children’s walking and outdoor range. Clothing, footwear and accessories are all ready for adventure! Youngsters can enjoy the likes of Karrimor, Regatta, Jack Wolfskin and Gelert bringing practically stylish comfort to every trip. Walking sandals, shoes and boots feature alongside waterproofs, thermals and convertible wears.
The micro compact home is a high quality compact dwelling for one or two people. Its neat dimensions of a 2.66m cube adapt it to a variety of sites and circumstances, and its functioning sleeping, working/dining, cooking and bath spaces make it suitable for everyday use.
The m-ch is the outcome of a research project at Technical University Munich to design a 2.6m cube dwelling. The project was initiated by Prof. Richard Horden with his team of students and assistants in 2001 and as of 2011, there have been over 15 built and installed.
The team of researchers and designers based in London and at the Technical University in Munich developed the m-ch as an answer to an increasing demand for short stay living accommodation for students, business people, sports and leisure use and for weekenders. The m-ch, now in use and available throughout Europe, combines techniques for high quality compact 'living' spaces deployed in aircraft, yachts, cars, and micro apartments. Its design has been informed by the classic scale and order of a Japanese teahouse, combined with advanced concepts and technologies. Living in an m-ch means focusing on the essential - less is more. The use of progressive materials complements the sleek design. Quality of design, touch and use are the key objectives for the micro compact home team for 'short stay smart living'.
The Micro-compact Home may be arranged as a single unit raised above the ground on a light aluminium frame and placed in a garden for private use. its compact dimensions make it easily integrated with shrubs and trees.
• Kitchen area fitted with electrical points and featuring a double hob, sink and extending tap, microwave, fridge and freezer units, three compartment waste unit, storage shelves, cutlery drawers with gentle return sprung slides and double level work surfaces.
above: The o2 Student Village in Munch is a village of seven micro-compact homes, sponsored by international telecoms company O2 Germany, was built at the Technical University Munich. Each 2.65m cube features high technology, including broadband and standard internet links a plasma screen and high quality kitchen and bathroom appliances, some provided by co-sponsors, Siemens.
Spin-offs include the Tree Village, the Golden Cube, low e-home and snowboard village, all of which demonstrate how the basic concept can be adapted for a number of uses, environments and cultures.
The m-ch has a timber frame structure with anodised or polyester powder coated aluminium external cladding finishes, insulated with polyurethane foam and fitted with aluminium frame double glazed windows and front door with security double lock; graphics can be applied for sponsors, exhibition and business use.
The quoted price is for a single unit and frame and does not include delivery, installation and connection to services, consultant’s fees and taxes. Subject to site conditions the inclusive guide price is 50,000-90,000 EUR depending on the landscape fees and infrastructure.
In special cases such as helicopter delivery an aluminium frame is used. Approximately 30% of the weight of a standard micro home (2.2 tons approx. the same as a Bentley Continental) is plywood and timber framing.
While the micro homes are being assembled, the site is prepared with services, simple pad foundations, pathways and planting. Immediately before truck delivery of the 2.6m cube the aluminium subframe is installed on site and the micro home is usually lifted into place using a portable crane which minimizes damage to the landscape.
As of January 2011 there have been fifteen micro compact homes built. Installations have been made for The Museum of Modern Art in New York, UBS Bank in Zurich Switzerland, O2 Telecom in Germany and for various private clients with sites overlooking Lake Zurich and now planned for Lake Maggiore near Ascona and at Millbrook in New York State.
m-ch units are available to purchase for delivery to geographical Europe at a guide price of EUR 38,000 (subject to contract). This price includes all interior fittings. Subject to site conditions, the price excludes delivery, installation, connection to services, consultant’s fees and taxes.
The m-ch is delivered from their production center in Austria and they advise an average of 8-10 weeks delivery from the date of order.
micro-compact home ltd. is managed by director, Prof. Richard Horden, who is also chairman of the architectural practice in London, Horden Cherry Lee Architects.

Holts auctioneers in London will be having their winter sale on December 13th. Fine shotguns are well represented in the sale with a Churchill Zenith over and under carrying the highest estimate in the sale of 50,000 to 70,000 STG. Several pairs of Purdeys as well as a pair of Westley Richards will also be crossing the block as well as pairs by Henry Atkin and Holland and Holland
A fine percussion shotgun also by Westley Richards and made for Price Alfred when he was a young boy is being offered as are a vintage Rigby double rifle in .450 and a fine Winchester model 1873 deluxe model in 32-30. Click on the image for a link to Holts Site
Check out our guide here. The Top Pre-workout Supplements can help us blow through our limits and exceed what what weve done in the past, power up and ignite those workouts. Ruby's workout continues. More pages of this comic are on the way. Animal Cuts is the fat burner I have used the most in my career of testing out fat burning supplements. It is for good reasons that Animal Cuts is my fat burner of choice it works and I cant stop taking it.
Hiit Fat Burning Workout - Types Of Exercises That Burn The Most Fat Hiit Fat Burning Workout How To Burn Fat On An Exercise Bike Fat Burning Meal Plan Jillian Michaels Shop Optic and scope mount shown in image not included. The futuristic DSR-1 bullpup style sniper rifle that has been featured in many popular video games and films is finally back and ready to rock the airsoft field (or your man-cave wall). Ruby loves to stuff her face, but here she doesn't really have a golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules in the matter.

The study found that undiagnosed gluten sensitivity (celiac disease), as measured by a blood test, is four times more common than it was fifty years ago.
The blog’s author (Tara Parker-Pope) speculates that the change “may be due to changes in the way wheat is grown and processed, or the ubiquity of gluten in medications and processed foods.”
I would add that our human ecosystems have seen some pretty serious changes as our food, medicine, and environment have changed. The relationship between gluten sensitivity and intestinal ecology isn’t understood, but I’d be willing to bet it’s significant.
Everyone seems to wonder why people are dying from the “swine flu” in Mexico, but not in other countries where the virus has been confirmed. (The one US death was a little boy visiting from Mexico with unidentified “underlying health issues.”)
It is common practice in Mexico to self-medicate with antibiotics at the first sign of illness. (Antibiotics are widely available there without a prescription.)
So, are people who self-prescribe antibiotics for a viral illness compromising their immune reponse to that illness?
(If you’re interested in coverage of swine flu, especially as it relates to factory farming, check out The Ethicurean‘s Aporkalypse Now series.)
As soon as I finish transferring my data from the old hard drive, I’ll be posting all my pretty pictures from the last few weeks of One Local Summer.
In the meantime, remember my posts on the human ecosystem, way back when? I was going on about how the human body is not an isolated organism, but a complex ecosystem (think gut bacteria) as well as an element in larger ecosystems (think kaleidoscope).
Well, lately I’ve been thinking about the absurdity of the term “immune system.” Immune to what? There’s so much baggage tied up in that name. It assumes human bodies are at war with their surroundings, that a healthy human interface with the world is based on staying pure, “immune” to the non-human. Ridiculous.
We really have only the fuzziest idea how the human ecosystem works. And the more scientists investigate, the less it looks like humans are at war with the non-human. Scientists used to think that “germs” were universally dangerous. A lot of people still think this way. Hence (dangerous) antibacterial soaps. Thing is, your skin is covered with helpful bacteria — they’re calling them “commensals” now — and if you kill them, you throw the whole ecosystem out of balance.
We really have no idea what the consequences are when we alter these complicated systems. I bet it never occurred to you that your gut bacteria might make you less likely to get kidney stones.
And what about worms? They’ve been in the news lately as a potential treatment for “autoimmune diseases” of all sorts.
So. Any suggestions for a new name for the system that governs human ecological balance? “Interaction system?” “Interface system?” I can’t think of anything that sounds right.
February 23, 2007 at 3:41 pm · Filed under Garlic, Immune system, Ingredients, Recipes, Shiitake Mushroom	
Perfect for winter chicken soup or just sauteed with butter and garlic, shiitakes are tasty mushrooms.
Shiitakes are also a good example of how much you can learn by tasting. To me, shiitakes taste meaty and solid and strong, and that’s exactly how they work in the body: they’re nourishing and strengthening on a really basic level. Shiitakes give sturdy support to the immune systemâ€”they’re often used to help people recover from viruses and cancer. In Traditional Chinese Medicine they’re strengthening tonics for blood and qi (indications include tiredness and frequent colds).
Slice up shiitakes and saute them in butter until they’re golden brown. Add salt and freshly chopped garlic at the end of cooking. So good.
(The mushroom’s name is sometimes spelled “shitake”, but the “ii” is a better approximation of the original Japanese.)
January 1, 2007 at 2:53 pm · Filed under Food sensitivities, Health conditions, Immune system, Stress	
2. Dealing with the barrage of toxic crap increases our sensitivity to potential allergens and irritants.
Some people seem to think that immune reactions are as fundamental and unchanging as eye or skin color. Not so. Our bodies are much more interesting than that. Our immune reactions are often mediated by stressâ€”psychological or physical.
It’s possible to be allergic to something only when you’re stressed out. I see this often in people who have been diagnosed with “Irritable Bowel Syndrome.”
They can eat a trigger food with no problem most of the time, but if they’re tired or stressed out, the food triggers an IBS attack. So the real trigger is the interaction between the food and the stress. Knowing this, people can learn their triggers and take care of their health much more easily. They can say “I’ve had a long day, and wheat is a stress-related trigger for me, so let’s have rice for dinner instead of pasta.”
It makes sense to me that our nervous systems and our immune systems are so closely connected. If we’re feeling threatened in one sphere, why shouldn’t all our systems be up in arms?
“Psychological stress may be conceptualized as a social pollutant that, when ‘breathed’ into the body, may disrupt biological systems related to inflammation through mechanisms potentially overlapping with those altered by physical pollutants and toxicants.” From The impact of stress on the development and expression of atopy. Current Opinion in Allergy & Clinical Immunology. 5(1):23-29, February 2005. Wright, Rosalind J a; Cohen, Robyn T b; Cohen, Sheldon c

ValueRAM is Kingston's value-priced line of industry-standard, generic memory intended for customers who have white box or generic computer systems, or who plan to purchase memory by specification. ValueRAM is designed to industry specifications tested, is 100% tested and is available at competitively low prices.
Salon Evol can be found at S 8th St 113. The following is offered: Salons. The entry is present with us since Sep 7, 2010 and was last updated on Nov 12, 2013. In Stroudsburg there are 33 other Salons. An overview can be found here.
For more than 35 years, S&S Beverage, a locally owned and operated beer distributor in York Haven, Pennsylvania, has been the place to go for all of your beer, tobacco, and propane needs. We carry a large selection of craft, imported, and domestic beers.
Cold beer by the casespeciality brews & importsyour one stop shop let us supply your panty with your favorite beverage - cold beer by the case- craft and local beers availablecigaretteswlet us supply your next party withs&s beverage032750attr:imports
We are your Beer, soda, snack and tobacco products headquarters. We are a 2nd generation family business that is locally owned and operated. We have proudly served the Etters, Newberrytown, Goldsboro and York Haven areas for years. We carry a large selection of craft, import and domestic beers.
Family figures into The Way from so many directions, there's no getting around it. The movie is directed by Emilio Estevez and stars his dad, Martin Sheen. It was partly inspired by Sheen's father, to whom the film is dedicated. And the whole movie hinges on an overseas death that sends an American to claim his son's body.
The Way is about the Camino de Santiago, a trail that starts in France and ends in Spain. Thousands of people — including Estevez's own daughter-in-law — walk the path every year in hopes of finding some sort of spiritual or personal enlightenment along the way. It's not an easy trek — in fact, it can be downright brutal, as grumpy optometrist Tom (Sheen) learns after he gets a call informing him that his only son, Daniel (played by Estevez in flashbacks), was caught in a freak storm and died on the path.
Tom goes to France to bring him home, but once he gets there, and after some reflection, he decides to stay and complete the pilgrimage, with Daniel's cremated remains — which he sprinkles along the way — in tow.
"I had this image of it growing up," says the 71-year-old Sheen, who, along with Estevez and the rest of the movie's cast and crew, traveled more than 200 miles on the Camino de Santiago during filming. His dad often talked about the path but never got a chance to walk it.
As one character tells Tom in the movie: "Religion has nothing to do with this." Sheen and Estevez stressed the same thing during a recent stop in Cleveland. "It's appealing to agnostics, Catholics, believers, nonbelievers," says Estevez. "It's about [common] struggles and the disconnect between community and faith."
That sense of community is evident throughout The Way. Reluctant to talk about his son — or anything else, for that matter — Tom sets out on the path alone. But midway through, he's picked up three traveling companions, each one with a story to tell. "You do this for yourself," says Sheen, echoing his character's arc. "But you'll create your own community on the path."
The Way is a quiet movie. Not much happens — which is probably an accurate summation of the Camino itself. It's all about what you learn along the way. And there's plenty of time for reflection, as folks move from one small town to the next, stopping only to sleep and eat at the various inns catering to pilgrims. It can be a tough journey, as Sheen was well aware when his son asked him to star in the movie. "I had some anxiety about doing this — an old guy walking and carrying a bag," he admits. "A certain amount of discipline is necessary."
Despite all this, the movie is inspiring people to walk the path. Or at least they're talking about walking the path. "Just be sure to bring some Vaseline for the blisters," Sheen says with a laugh. "And good shoes."
Ohio Attorney General Seeks More Money for Drug Testing Lab in Cuyahoga County | Scene and Heard: Scene's News Blog
You don't have to look far in Ohio to find a need for more public funding in the fight against the opiate addiction crisis. "Resources," money, treatment beds: All are lacking to some degree or another as the overdose death toll rises in our state.
In Cuyahoga County, law enforcement and medical professionals are bracing for even more deaths than last year's record 666 fatal overdoses. With that as a new baseline, the state attorney general's office is hoping to funnel hundreds of thousands of dollars into its Bureau of Criminal Investigations lab in Cuyahoga County for more drug testing capabilities.
In 2010, the BCI completed 13,879 drug tests across the state. This year, the number is expected to be more than 27,000.
The BCI is responsible for testing heroin seized by police departments and sheriff's offices; the lab in Cuyahoga County primarily processes third-party requests from those agencies. And as the public health crisis worsens, the BCI's workload looks more like a complicated petri dish of chemical analogs — an array of drugs often cut with the powerful painkiller fentanyl.
The Columbus Dispatch first reported on this story on Friday, noting that the state is seeking additional funds for its Hamilton County lab. In all, Attorney General Mike DeWine wants to lock in $440,000 for both counties' labs (split evenly). Both Hamilton and Cuyahoga counties are seeing astronomical leaps in the sheer quantity and dangerous, hybrid quality of drugs on the street.
"We're seeing a lot more complex mixtures," BCI spokesman Dan Tierney tells Scene. "Instead of just there being heroin or just there being cocaine, we're seeing mixes of drugs: heroin mixed with fentanyl, heroin mixed with other synthetic opioids, cocaine mixed with synthetic opioids. ... It takes longer to test those mixtures."
From 2010 through 2015, to really drive the point home, the BCI recorded zero tests of carfentanil, an elephant sedative that's dangerous enough to cause overdoses via simple skin contact. In 2016: 214.
"Our labs have had to put in precautions to deal with the more dangerous and potent opiates that are coming in for testing," Tierney adds, "which also increases the time is takes to test them."

When Zachary Suchin (06C) arrived on Emory’s campus as a freshman in 2002, he quickly grew unimpressed with the coordination of campus nightlife. After Suchin realized that individuals from various fraternities threw fliers under the doors of female undergraduates so ...
Once a year, about 200 community members swarm Eagle Row to pack themselves into a fraternity house with the intent of sharing ideas rather than partying the night away. Six students shared intimate stories related to their passions, from being ...
Let us imagine a gallant knight and his lady, deeply in love, sitting in a moonlit bower in some rural English county, steeped in the high magic of antiquity, gazing in each other’s eyes, until he leans in, takes her ...
It’s our first full week of the semester. That means it’s time to start buckling down on homework and begin catching up on what we’ve already missed. I’m already beginning to hear apocryphal references to midterms and spring break. It’s ...

If you're moving home, keeping items in storage is an ideal solution to help your move go more smoothly. Instead of having to pay a removal company to move everything at once, you can organise items in your home more easily and efficiently. Our fully secure storage unit will ensure that you will be completely in control if your precious household items. If you're looking for Long Term Storage and you are moving from Cm7 to Dorset then call us today.
Call today for Long Term Storage if your moving from Cm7 to Dorset. Our company is pleased to provide the following storage services:
For more information regarding our services, don't hesitate to contact our team today to talk to a friendly and professional member of our team. Do you need a company that can move you into Long Term Storage from Cm7 then contact our company today.
Research shows that cannabis offers a wide range of health benefits if you use it moderately. Here is a rundown on how.
Want to get a jump start on your 2019 New Year’s resolution by getting healthier now—before the holidays arrive? Here’s what you can do: Get more sleep, exercise, and oh—add a little marijuana to your diet. #merryearlychristmas
Research shows that cannabis offers a wide range of health benefits if you use it moderately. Here is a rundown on how cannabis can help you to transition into a healthier lifestyle starting now.
You’ve probably heard people say that marijuana gives them the munchies. According to researchers, this is fact, not fiction—and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. University neuroscientists discovered that cannabis has an influence on the olfactory bulb in your brain, which increases your sensitivity to tastes and smells. As a result, you may experience an increase in your appetite. This may be particularly helpful if you are attempting to build your muscle mass.
However, if you are trying to slim down, cannabis may help you, too. A recent journal study indicated that a connection exists between staying slim and marijuana use. According to the study, 22 percent of smokers who did not use cannabis were deemed obese compared with 14 percent of those who did smoke cannabis. Through these types of studies, scientists are discovering more and more how much of a superplant cannabis truly is when it comes to weight control.
If exercising more is on your agenda this fall, cannabis may help you in this area as well. Specifically, a cannabis variation called cannabis sativa has a tendency to provide its user with a euphoric feeling and more energy. What does this mean for you? It means more physical and mental motivation to leave your couch and finally start that exercise regimen.
If you’re like many consumers of alcohol, you realize you need to curb your alcohol consumption to lead a healthier lifestyle. In fact, maybe this will become another one of your New Year’s resolutions. Did you know that cannabis products can assist you in this?
Alcohol use has a way of relieving stress, but it also comes with several unwanted consequences—for instance, losing control, stomach aches, and hangovers. However, whereas alcohol can help you to escape from your senses, cannabis can help you to appreciate your senses more than ever. In fact, it may make you feel creative again, more social and even more motivated to care for yourself long term.
If you struggle with anxiety and stress, cannabis may quickly become your saving grace. Perhaps you need to relax your mind after a long day of work or even relax your body following an intense workout. An indica-dominant strain of cannabis generally provides consumers with the relaxed, calm feeling you may be looking for.
In addition to using cannabis, red vein kratom is another herbal remedy that many have turned to as a natural alternative to prescription sleep aids and anti-anxiety medications. This product is harvested from Indonesian forest plants and is available in powder form so that you can easily include it as part of your meals for an immediate effect.
After decades of struggling to overcome negative stereotypes, scientists across the globe are beginning to discover that the very substance once thought to do harm can actually help the body and the mind in myriad ways. Consider incorporating cannabis consumption into your “get-healthy” regimen this fall to experience a whole new level of health and well-being.
It's common knowledge that excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to your health and wellness. But can CBD help you heal?
Great info and how exciting that we are starting to turn a corner with cannabis in this sector!! Thanks!
My favorite chain pizza is definitely Papa John's!The works with extra cheese and extra mushrooms is my favorite…
Stoned Lobsters...right, wrong or a waste? Cannabis museum in Las Vegas. If you're sober, should your partner abstain?
One of the most interesting aspects of the cannabis market is the sector of portable cannabis vaporizers.
Grammy Nominated Artist Lil Yachty to Star in MTV's How High 2, with the Sequel Premiering in Spring of 2019.
Since 1974, High Times has been the original voice in cannabis. Now, they are doing an IPO for the first time ever.
High Times is the original and definitive voice of cannabis, and is now offering investment into the cannabis culture.
Coconut and chocolate lovers will enjoy this! We start with toasted coconut in the graham cracker crust and fill it with coconut cheesecake. To top it all off, a layer of dark chocolate ganache and a generous mound of toasted coconut.

A Transfer - is a must have and convenient service, that is not always provided by tour operators and/or hotels. If you are looking to get from Graz Airportto Saalbach, Ski & Bike Hotel Wiesenegg which is located in Austria, we can offer you different options for booking a transfer. It may be on a comfortable bus or minibus for a group transfer, or a personal car of economy, business, or premium class, which will take you from the airport / railway station to the hotel and back
To ensure that the site could calculate the price of the transfer from Graz Airportto Saalbach, Ski & Bike Hotel Wiesenegg and back, you need to select the arrival date, number of adults and children, as well as options of the vehicle. Payment is made by credit card.
A Transfer - is a must have and convenient service, that is not always provided by tour operators and/or hotels. If you are looking to get from Varna Airport to Nessebar, Sunrise Club Apart Hotel which is located in Bulgaria, we can offer you different options for booking a transfer. It may be on a comfortable bus or minibus for a group transfer, or a personal car of economy, business, or premium class, which will take you from the airport / railway station to the hotel and back
To ensure that the site could calculate the price of the transfer from Varna Airport to Nessebar, Sunrise Club Apart Hotel and back, you need to select the arrival date, number of adults and children, as well as options of the vehicle. Payment is made by credit card.
All is fine, at the airport the driver met with sign with name and surname on the way back transfer has been submitted to the hotel at the appointed time. Was commissioned by bus shatll, but back and forth dovezli one:-) Everything is super score &Quot; 5 &quot;
Along the road, within the compound of a school, this Cherry Blossom tree stands proud and captivating.
This tree is an early bloomer as most of its flowers had already fallen down and its leaves started to sprout.
Despite the constant rain and strong winds, the place looks lovely because of the dominant pinkish tint of the Cherry Blossom flowers.
When you feel blue, sit down under the Cherry Blossom tree full of pinkish flowers, look at your surroundings and evaluate your feelings after 10 minutes.
On a beautiful day after successive rainy days, I decided to go hunting for Cherry Blossoms, so I hopped on my bicycle and went around the quiet town of Numazu, just to shoot with my DSLR and capture the unique beauty of every Cherry Blossom tree I'd come across. Even in laid-back cities like Numazu, these white-pinkish flowers dominate the views of every place -- parks, schools, soccer fields, along the highways, rivers and lakes, and even in several industrial places -- in spring.
Muhammad: Indeed, it's cherry blossom fever in Japan whenever spring comes, one of the country's symbols.

Including the Feature Article: Society’s Partnership with Hebrew Union College Enters a New and Expanded Phase And Two Moving Personal Stories from Classical Reform Supporters: “How I Became Captivated with
Does the Amount of Hebrew in a Worship Service Affect How Welcome You Feel in a Congregation? By The Society for Classical Reform Judaism (posted May 11th on interfaithfamily.com) A
This new issue of The Reform Advocate includes moving stories from three interfaith families who have found spiritual homes in Classical Reform congregations. All were drawn to these congregations by
On Thursday, February 25, Rabbi Ada Zavidov (center in photo above), of Kehilat Har-El, Jerusalem, and Rabbi Zachary Shapiro (left), of Temple Akiba, Culver City, California, in the framework of
Since the founding of the Society for Classical Reform Judaism in 2008, we have created and fostered a growing body of liturgical, musical and scholarly literature that have filled a
We have not Reached Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Mountaintop! As one Black writer, Ronde Lee, so poignantly wrote: “Recent events are stark reminders that we have not reached the



Fernand Joseph Désiré Contandin (May 8, 1903 – February 26, 1971), better known as Fernandel, was a French actor and singer. Born in Marseille, France, he was a comedy star who first gained popularity in French vaudeville, operettas, and music-hall revues. In 1930, Fernandel appeared in his first motion picture and for more than forty years he would be France's top comedic actor. He was perhaps best-loved for his portrayal of the irascible Italian
Presenting full video of latest punjabi song by Ranjit Bawa titled CHANDIGARH RETURNS (3 LAKH) composed by Jassi X and written by KABAL SA...
Coke Studios (MTV India) have brought together Punjabi singers Gurdas Maan & Diljit Dosanjh for a collaboration titled ' Ki B...
My all time favourite Punjabi singer Sharry Mann is releasing his brand new Album titled ‘ Meri Bebe ’ on 8th May 2015 with Yaar Anmulle R...
Prabh Gill is working on duet song with very talented & respected Sudesh Kumari Ji. This song will be release in April.
Bapu is a brand new song of Amrinder Gill. It is amazingly penned by Amrinder Gill. All we want to say Amrinder Gill, best of luck for his...

Hi! I'm a travelling illustrator. I love creating funny colorful vectors, hope you enjoy what I do! Available for freelance.
If you like these designs you might also enjoy this collection of similar patterns: https://creativemarket.com/blixa6studios/55190-Summer-Citrus-Digital-Lemon-Patterns
Enter a world of richly textured natural graphics, murky atmospheric backgrounds and elegant presentation tools created with love to enhance your projects. Enjoy!
Loco is an independent creative house, providing moving imagery for the advertising, digital, film and broadcast industries.?At Loco, we prefer to say we work with not for our clients, so we coined th…
DJC Design specialises in the creative application of digital technology to deliver high quality: * Commercial photography services, including editorial, industrial, architectural, public rela…
I am a freelance illustrator with over 4 years experience in flash animation & cartoon illustrations.
Rhondda Street Studio is a cosy basement recording studio set upon Constitution Hill in Swansea, South West Wales, with a lovely warm analogue sound, and if you go outside a great view over Swansea Ba…
Reliable and creative UK based illustrator working digitally for many varied clients in publishing and advertising. Friendly, no fuss.
I am a Freelance 3D Visualist; creating photo-realistic, computer generated images for the Architectural and Product Design sectors. As an independent artist I am used to tight deadlines and freque…
I am a qualified and experienced Graphic and Website Designer. I gained most of my experience from working in London and Sydney over the last 13 years. My professional experience in Website and Graphi…
Photographer since Mar 2003. Commercial photography including corporate, event, packshot photographs. Model portfolio, artiste head shots and personnel photos.
Netcel is a leading UK-based digital agency that develops enterprise-level, award-winning websites for brands, using the Episerver Digital Experience Cloud. For more details visit www.netcel.com
Fashion | Beauty | Advertising | Celebrity photography | Photo production Fashion, advertising, beauty and celebrity photographer Zuzana Breznanikova (a.k.a Suzy B Photographer) in London for adve…
Call your friends, or come alone and meet some new friends--get ready to amaze yourself! Our artists will guide you through the class step-by-step creating one of our original works of art, or completion of a selected project. By the end of the evening you will have had a fabulous time and be able to take home a work of art painted by you or a project you've been dying to try. The best part is there is no experience necessary…amateurs strongly encouraged!
We’ll outfit you with all your supplies: apron, paint, brushes, easels, and other paint/project requirements.
I can speak out for or against my Government. ... I am proud to be an American because I have the freedom of speech, religion, the press, and the right to vote.
I am so proud to be an American because we have the freedom of choice. When I watch ... for free and I can speak what I feel as long as I am respectful. When I.
The Foundation for the Preservation of Honey Bees, Inc. is proud to provide these talented 4-H essay winners with a monetary prize and the opportunity to have
S4-H is very proud of our record of helping teens from around the world learn about each other by building friendships that last a .... 2013 S4-H OUTBOUND ESSAY AND PHOTO C ... were many events organized for us to see more of the city.
"Tennessee 4-H: Building Foundations for the Future" ... work to create a foundation to build on successfully to establish a future they'll be proud to call their own.
4-H's work is enhanced by leading corporations, foundations, and organizations that have committed to supporting America's youth.
Query: 23 march pakistan day essay ± creative writing syllabus for high school students 6th grade argumentative essay prompts 4 h proud to be an american
Mecklenburg County 4-H is proud to partner with the Department of Health and ... honey bee by participating in the North Carolina 4-H Beekeeping Essay contest. ... Join us At Chick-fil-A University Place on April 14, 5p-8p for 4-H Spirit Night.
The Northern Colorado Interstate 25 corridor always seems to be on the verge of taking off. “That whole northern I-25 corridor is red-hot,” according to a prominent commercial real estate consultant. She told me that in 2003, when I was the real estate editor of...	
Ever since I broke the story last July that the Cherry Creek Shopping Center would begin charging for parking in 2017, shoppers and many tenants in Denver’s premier mall have been, shall we say, upset. Last month, an ipetitions.com site was launched to try to...	
Riki Hashimoto’s phone was ringing off the hook late last week. Anxious investors had one question for the commercial real estate broker after President Donald Trump released his still skeletal outline for tax reform last Wednesday: “Are 1031 exchanges going away?” While a lot of...	
Majestic Realty Co. is living up to its name with a giant warehouse on its drawing board. Consider: The warehouse is the size of almost 13 football fields; It could store 10 Statute of Liberties; The amount of steel used to construct it could build...	
Freight was the only multitenant, speculative office building under construction in Denver during the Great Recession, recalled Kyle Zeppelin, on a recent pleasant spring afternoon, as he sipped an espresso in the Black Black Coffee shop in the mixed-use Taxi development. Freight was 100 percent leased...	
Historic district dissent. Last week, West Highland neighbors filed a draft application with Denver Community Planning and Development to create another historic district in the Northwest Denver neighborhood. Although the application will likely will be revised to a certain extent, it does not sit well...	
California dreaming. If you are a Denver-based apartment broker, you don’t need to be a Mommas and the Poppas fan to be tuned in to the importance of California investors. “I think last year 26 percent of our deals from our office were from California,”...	
Condo colossus. A Miami developer has unveiled plans for a $500 million condominium development that would bring 800 condominium units to downtown Denver in two, 40-story towers. The towers, on a 55,000-square-foot property at 1901 Arapahoe St., would represent the single largest condo project ever...	


Wow! what a start to the day, as I stepped out to walk the dogs about 0730, I saw the sky to the East was ablaze with red emanating from along the horizon. One of the best sunrises since my deep sea days. A very aptly named campground..
The end of this whirlwind cross-country journey is slowly coming into sight, as by this afternoon we finally reach the Pacific Northwest, and the normal dull grey sky and rain. After 2 nights at 5,000 feet we are looking forward to the lower altitude of Spokane and then finally back to sea level the following day. We just aren’t used to this lack of Oxygen!!!
Our day commenced with clear blue skies, although a rather chilly 2 C, from atop our 5,100 ft perch overlooking the small town of Sundance WY. On departure, it was a short distance downhill to top off with diesel and within minutes we were heading West and homeward bound on I-90. Yet another 400+ mile day of motorway driving. I must admit after 7 full days of driving, this is becoming a tad tiresome.
Our 2nd almost full day in New York and our plans were for Judi to have a quiet day resting her back after yesterday, and I planned to visit the USS Intrepid Museum, an aircraft carrier berthed a couple of piers down from us. In addition to the carrier they have about 18 aircraft on deck, a space shuttle, concord and a submarine. Alas, the plans changed and I wasn’t able to leave the ship today. Wasn’t the greatest of starts to our final 40 day segment of the World Cruise.
After completing the HoHo Downtown Loop our priorities for the remainder of the day were – Ground Zero, Macy’s and a stroll along 8th Avenue towards Times Square. We spent a couple of hours at Ground Zero, visited Macys and walked along 8th Ave, stopping for dinner, but by then Judi’s back required a rest, so we headed to the shuttle, returning to the ship about 19:30.
Since we arrived early in New York last evening, we have already completed the immigration formalities and everyone is free to head ashore at their convenience. We have signed up for the 1-day Hop On-Hop-Off bus through the ship, which includes a shuttle to/from the ship and bus stop for both uptown and downtown loops. You can’t possibly see all of New York in a single day, so decision time – sit on the bus for about 5 hours and complete both loops or complete one loop, get off and check out a couple of sights. Due to the number of photographs I will split the today’s tour into two posts.
Finally we make landfall in North America, not in Halifax as per the schedule, but New York or the Big Apple. Another relaxing sea day culminated in the three hour transit from the pilot station to our berth in Manhattan, followed by US Immigration, which was a five hour marathon. Although our meeting with immigration was barely a couple of minutes, only about 20 passengers are USA or Canada, so the remainder had to go through the finger prints and photograph routine, which take considerably longer.
After a very early departure from Delhi, Ontario we pulled into The Willows Campground on Lake Ontario by late afternoon. Just prior to sunset we joined the procession heading down to the lake shore and grabbed a bench to enjoy the sunset. The Great Lakes may not be the ocean, but after 3,000 miles across the country it is just a pleasant experience seeing the water again. The sunset may not compare to those on Maui, but it was definitely picturesque.
Now that repairs are completed we are trying to get back on schedule quickly, so today was another fairly long day, departing upstate New York and heading to Quebec City. Fortunately Judi understands some French, but Andy doesn’t know any, so should be an interesting couple of days.
Posted in New York, Quebec	| Tagged Border crossing, New York State, Quebec KOA, St Lawrence Seaway	| Leave a reply
Thanks to the great people at Hitch n Go RV in Delhi, Ontario we are resuming our voyage towards Nova Scotia and the Atlantic Ocean. To resume our trip, in New Brunswick on schedule, requires 2 days of about 500 miles each day. Therefore, we will be a day late arriving in New Brunswick.
Posted in New York, Ontario	| Tagged Border crossing, Lake Ontario, Ontario, Upstate New York	| Leave a reply

The Charicific Valley Natural Reserve, better known as simply the Charicific Valley (Japanese: リザフィックバレー Lizafic Valley), is an anime-exclusive location in Johto. It is located between Violet City and Azalea Town.
The Charicific Valley is a training ground for Charizard so they can become stronger. It is distinguishable by its rock formation in the shape of a giant Charizard. The only known human who lives in the valley is Liza, who, along with her Charizard, Charla, protects the valley from danger.
Ash left his Charizard here to train when he was heading through the Johto region. Noticing how much his Charizard enjoyed spending time in the valley, and noticing that it was one of the weaker Charizard there, Ash decided to leave it in the valley so it could train. Since Charizard has been in training, it has become very powerful, learning many new attacks including Dragon Breath, Overheat, Steel Wing, Wing Attack, Slash, and Dragon Tail. It has also formed a romance with Charla.
The valley was seen in a flashback in The Fires of a Red-Hot Reunion!, when Ash recalled how he left Charizard.
This article is part of both Project Anime and Project Locations, Bulbapedia projects that, together, aim to write comprehensive articles on the Pokémon Anime and Locations, respectively.


Tuesday, 03 July 2018 / Published in startup, Technology, Virtual Phone Numbers, Virtual Phone Systems
Virtual Telephony is not just another trend or fad. It’s clear that virtual phone numbers are here to stay. They are being adopted by businesses worldwide for their affordability and versatility. Any business would want a communication system that doesn’t break the bank and also manages to add value to the company, which is what virtual telephony is all about.
When various types of companies are considered, it is clear that some need a cloud-based virtual PBX system more than others do. Small and medium enterprises, specifically startups, certainly qualify. The role of an efficient phone and communications network/system for an organization is one of undeniable importance. For a startup that’s trying to get a foot in the door, it becomes paramount that its phone system is one that’s affordable, efficient, and gives an air of professionalism. A cloud-based virtual PBX phone system can be all this, and more. Here are some reasons why it can be one of the best startup tools you could employ for your startup.
Most modern day startups need remote workers in some capacity. Also, the entrepreneurs themselves are always on the move. Despite this being the case, remote workers and entrepreneurs still have to stay connected to the company and remain updated about various happenings in the organization.
A cloud-based virtual phone system gives entrepreneurs and remote workers the freedom to take a call from anywhere in the world. The company’s operations go on even if the staff is scattered all over the world, that’s how much flexibility virtual phone numbers can impart to your organization.
This is the #1 reason why virtual phone systems have become so sought after. Cost reduction is a benefit that companies seek with whichever new system they choose to install.
Virtual phone number providers such as CallHippo and Grasshopper have basic plans starting from as low as $8 per user per month! As the team size of your startup increases, the pricing plans become even more competitive. So, virtual phone systems are competitively priced no matter how big or small your business is. The savings from virtual telephony can be used by your organization for other purposes such as development and market research.
For many startups, the real problems start when they start growing rapidly and their systems fail to grow simultaneously. Scalability is the need of the hour for any app or software being used by startups. This is why a cloud-based virtual PBX system qualifies as one of the best startup tools in existence.
As your startup grows, so does your phone system. A cloud-based virtual phone system adapts itself to the growing size of your company. As the system is cloud-based, changes in pricing or features can be sorted out online, there is no need to install additional lines or arrange for new hardware. You can upgrade to a better plan depending on your company size, to save more money and get the benefits of increased returns to scale.
Virtual phone systems are jam-packed with features. Any startup could make wonderful use of features such as automatic call forwarding and routing, conference and video calls, IVR, call recording and analytics, and so much more. These features add to the value of the organization in any department, be it sales, marketing, or customer support. It enhances the startup’s communication quality with its customers, who are the major stakeholders, giving it a boost of professionalism.
As if a host of features wasn’t enough, a cloud-based virtual PBX phone system also has the awesome ability to integrate with your favorite, most-used apps and software. Today, barely any organization exists which doesn’t use software such as CRM, HRIS, etc and apps such as Zapier or Slack. Startups, known to be early adopters of tech, are even more likely than a traditional organization to depend on a number of business apps. Virtual phone systems can integrate seamlessly with such apps and/or software. For instance, you can integrate it with your CRM and make calls to customers directly without even having to leave the CRM window.
The aforementioned reasons justify perfectly why a virtual phone system can be one of the best startup tools in any startup’s arsenal. It covers all the bases: it is efficient, flexible, and provides multifarious functionalities, all at a fraction of the cost of a traditional phone system. It is truly a modern communication tool which is perfectly suited to startups. But don’t just take us at our word for this. Go out and get one for your own startup to see the difference it can bring to your organization!
Cookies Policy | This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.GOT IT
The snow continues to fall. Out of consideration for everyone’s safety, we are cancelling the 8:00 a.m. service tomorrow morning, February 29, and all Sunday School activities, for both children and adults.
We plan to hold the 10:30 service as scheduled. We also plan to serve dinner at loaves and fishes. We would love to see you at 10:30, but please use your discretion if the roads seem unsafe. Scheduled volunteers for all ministries should not feel compelled to be present if they cannot travel to church safely.
Lent began as a season of preparation for Holy Baptism on the Feast of Easter. The Church still thinks Easter is a special time to be baptized, and enter into the “resurrection life” that Jesus Christ confers. The next opportunity for baptism at Calvary will be Easter Eve, at the Great Vigil service. If you are interested in baptism, for yourself or someone dear to you, please speak with the clergy so we can arrange for instruction and appropriate preparation. “Come to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me; for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. ” Matthew 11:28-29
This year’s series of Lenten Soup Suppers began on Wednesday, February 25th. The suppers follow the 5:30 Holy Eucharist and Healing service, and run from 6:00 p.m. until 6:45. The suppers are followed by a time of Lenten learning, from 6:45 until 7:30 p.m.. This year’s theme is “Time and our relationship to it”. Our conversations together will be based on a series of video meditations led by monks from the Society of St. John the Evangelist. The purpose of the meditations is to help us experience time as a gift, and not as a taskmaster, in a world that much needs sabbath rest. Come participate in this period of fellowship and learning! You may come for dinner and program, or just one or the other. All are welcome.
Thanks to all who helped with this year’s Habitat Chili Supper. Despite the snowy conditions, the chili was hot and good, and over $1,000 was raised to support the building of affordable homes here in Columbia. Thanks to all who served, and all who ate! We appreciate your support!
Calvary will offer three worship services on Ash Wednesday, to help us enter appropriately into the Season of Lent. The schedule is as follows for tomorrow, Wednesday, February 18:
The 20/30 Somethings Young Adult Ministry will be having a mid-week potluck on February 11th at 6:00 pm. Come join us for soup, salad, games, and fellowship! Email Pastor Cathy for more info!
There will also be a 20-30 Somethings brunch following the second service on February 15. If you are a 20/30 Something who is new to the church or want to learn more about connecting with the group, come join us!
Please plan to join us for the Ash Wednesday Liturgy, including Holy Eucharist and the Imposition of Ashes. Services are scheduled for 8:00 a.m., Noon, and 5:30 p.m.
We will be holding a brunch for people new to Calvary following our 10:30 Eucharist on Sunday, February 22. If you are new to Calvary in the past few months, please come join us for a meal, fellowship, and to learn more about our parish. We welcome you and any questions you may have!
This class meets between our Sunday worship services, from 9:15-10:15 a.m., and will run several weeks. It is still possible to join. We welcome all who want to learn more about Calvary and the Christian Faith. Here are the subjects to be covered:
Ed Hanson, Calvary’s interim director of music, would like to invite the congregation and friends to attend an informational meeting about handbell ringing that will include some hands-on activities with the bells. Plans are underway to hold an after-church workshop on Sunday, April 19. Come find out more about the technique of bell ringing, reading music written for handbells, and why handbell ringing is both challenging and fun! Please save the date if you’re interested, and we hope to have more information about this event in the days ahead!
Calvary’s music program would like to build a database of instrumentalists who would be willing to enrich our musical offerings here at Calvary. Woodwinds, strings, brass, percussion – we need you! If you might be interested in sharing your musical skills at church please email the parish office. Please put CALVARY MUSIC in the subject line. Our music director is looking forward to hearing from you!
Colombia issues 11th online gambling license to local subsidiary of Italy's HBG Gaming Group; Sun Dreams expects Colombia online license this year.
South African leisure operator Sun International sees profits fall as casino gambling revenue flatlines and labor costs rise.
Sun International launch Sunbet online sports betting site to take advantage of South Africa's sports betting boom.

Passagescsuchico. edu Jan 23, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Herbs in Greece have been known for centuries and used both in cooking, for their flavors, as well as in medicine, for their healing properties. We were delayed due to the tender being delayed from the cruise ship. I was so worried about missing our excursion even though it was private. View and Download Pioneer FH-X775BT owner's manual online. CD RDS Receiver. FH-X775BT Car Receiver pdf manual download. Also for: Fh-x575ui. Google May Be Stealing Your Mobile Traffic | Update 10172016 6:30pm: You can read a response from the tech lead of the AMP Project for Google, in the comment area. This is a 3 by 3 game. Two oligopolists Proctor amp; Gambling (PG) and Johnson amp; Johnson (JJ) and three advertising strategies (High ads cost, Medium or Low for each), which produces nine revenue scenarios. Ties are a possibility (Like two equally desired results). Answer the following questions. Types of tests. Before more advanced technology came about, scientists tested individual behavior using more low-tech means. As technology casino luka poker, so did the tests hoe wah problem gambling scholarships administer to evaluate a person's cognitive function. Congress Passes Bill To Repeal Ibiza gambling Banking Regulations Ukraine Tests Javelin Missiles It Bought From The US This Man's Plea Casino temps Could Mean Bad News For Trump's Legal Team Igt triple stars slot machine Industry's Best Value Learning Membership for IT and Golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules Management Professionals. Access to 1400 certification training courses, earn PDUs, CEUs, CPEs and ITIL174; credits With a skilled production workforce in short supply, manufacturers are stepping up, stepping in and collaborating with training partners to … Dec 30, 2008nbsp;0183;32;8 weeks of basic training 20 weeks of HVACR training golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules Sheppard AFB golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules Texas An overall four year commitment to the Air Force. I think we need HVAC right now but for basic recruits the slots change daily. Download Restaurant Manager Training Manual Template. A restaurant performs no better than it's managed. Competent, well-trained managers are … Houston Trade Training wants to offer anybody in the affected disaster areas a discount of 100 off our regularly priced HVAC class coming Tuesday, September 5th, for either the 1pm-4pm or the 6pm-9pm schedule. Our Technician Training Programs are designed for working technicians who want to take their craft to the next level, but whose demanding schedules dont allow for a long training session. The Corps manages the population of military occupational specialties with a predetermined numbers of slots. Lateral Moves and Re-enlistments. This course prepares you to pass the CompTIA A 220-801 and 220-802 certification exams.
Clearwater FL (PRWEB) April 30, 2018 -- Warehouse management software developer Datex recently opened registration for its 2019 User Conference. The Datex Welcome to Construction Supply and Erection. Since our inception in 1980, Construction Supply amp; Erection, Inc. has had a single goal: To be the premier structural amp; architectural metals contractor in southeastern Wisconsin. Through the years, we have strived to attain this goal by offering a wide variety of products and services to … New Mexico is now the country's third-leading oil producer. But tapping its full potential could put water supplies at risk. As CEO of TJX, Carol Meyrowitz leads more than 3,300 discount retail stores including T. Maxx, Homegoods and Marshalls, in six countries. She made headlines in early 2015 when she announced that, like Walmart, she would increase the minimum wage for hourly U. retail workers to 9 an hour. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Shortly before Trump announced tariffs, his former adviser dumped millions in steel-related stocks Dow Jones Industrial Average. This is one of the most underrated group of stocks in the world. If you want to know in which direction the US Stock Market is heading, look no further than its 30 components. Slide Fire, the largest manufacturer of bump stocks in the U.said Wednesday it will stop taking orders for the products and shut down its website on May 20. Feb 07, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Click chart for in-depth premarket data. Topsy-turvy stocks: The volatility of the past few trading days could continue into Wednesday. stock futures are moving down, indicating all the major indexes could drop by about 1 at the open. Meanwhile, European markets are in recovery mode after. 2000 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Las Vegas, NV 89104 ~1. 71 miles southwest of Fremont Street - Downtown Las Vegas. Pool in hotel: Our more traditional Vegas resort pool, the Level 8 Pool, is located outdoors on the 8th floor of the Stratosphere … Chests can be collected and opened before, during or after your session, and contain rewards that relate to the activities you enjoy, including some … The Bassmaster Team Championship Series is a Michigan B. Nation poker tables ballarat tournament trail giving members another chance to advance to the Bassmaster Classic. Our in-house imagine texas holdem team can bring your ideas to life, offering more than just golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules slot nigeria ltd official website graphics. We offer free graphical services with your orders casino murphy nc reviews can provide the graphic arm of your business, mathematician beats casino branding … This is an excellent opportunity for all partners to collaborate, solve challenges, innovate and explore new opportunities explained Derek Armanious, Vice President of Slots in newport news va Services golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules Poker words slang. General Bank Supply, a trusted name for quality bank supplies, currency and coin handling golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules at low prices for genting casino jobs southport five decades. Verify Proper Car Battery Charging 9 Golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules Long Life Battery Ryobi 40 Volt Battery Weed Casino 94565 Verify Proper Car Battery Charging 12 Volt Battery For Prius Recessed 12 Volt Battery Switch Plate If golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules not have the time to scout for charger in different offline caesars windsor slot payouts, why not test to go shopping for battery chargers online. Windfall that was torneo internacional corrientes poker to boost investments roulette kostenlos spielen 888 labor and business is stoking 1 trillion in golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules buybacks instead When the dip buyers hang back on CAT, GOOGL and golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules once-popular names, that's not a good sign. CAT 3 Top Dividend Stocks With Yields Over 5 Great dividends can be found in industries from energy to telecommunications, and we've found … Rachel Maddow on Forbes. New Stadium Critical Factor For Los Angeles Super Bowl The vast wasteland for the NFL that has been Southern California for the golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules 22 years is rapidly turning into a thriving oasis. Casino mariage theme poker have golden nugget lake charles blackjack rules great growth and cash flow investments on the market over the past decade as companies have expanded around the world and begun paying dividends. Free stocks price quote for VIX. Latest real-time Bats price quote, charts, financials, technicals and opinions. At 247 Wall St.we are always a little dubious about roulette russa online gratis that safari heat slot free download double-digit dividends and distributions, but we are equally intrigued by those that continue to pay them over a long period. BAR RESCUE FAIL 4: Webers Place. Webers Place was jogo de poker online para celular strip club turned music club in Reseda California that Taffer attempted to work his charms on. Taffer turned it into Webers Rum Bar and Grill. anglement puzzles (also referred to as Disentanglement puzzles, though re-entangling them is often as difficult or more difficult than dis-entangling them) comprise a very large category, which encompasses wire puzzles, ring-and-string … Sundays Wing Day amp; Texas Hold em Poker at 6:30 PM. Mondays Steak Night 10. 95, with 2 sides Open Mic Music 7:00 PM Sunday afternoon Do It … Strip Poker Sex Games PornGames. com offers 25 strip poker sex games. The games are always free for you to play and we also have … Plans For Small Wooden Workbench - Suncoast Garden Sheds Plans For Small Wooden Workbench Staining Round Ideas For Wood Garden Sheds Youtube Moving A Storage Shed Storage Buildings And Sheds Algebra Textbooks Heatseeker UniPanel is the latest solar pool heating panel offering by far the most efficient and cost effective way of heating your swimming pool. Hy-Vee Aisles Online Grocery Shopping. Swiss Miss Classics Rich Chocolate Hot Cocoa Mix Pack 10Ct. 1 oz Box The Charmings Friday nights at 8:00 Mar 1987 - Feb 1988. Snow White and Prince Charming come to live in modern times in this brainless 'Bewitched' rip-off that miraculously lasted a year. The Originals is an American supernatural drama television series created by Julie Plec for The CW. A spin-off of The Vampire Diaries, the series makes use of certain characters and story elements from the series of books of the same name. The Ethnic Magician trope as used in popular culture. In most fantasy series, if the resident spellcaster isn't a long-white bearded Merlin type, or a Vain … Around every corner there are countless vitamins, minerals, herbs, and random substances peddled to unsuspecting acne patients… …but one which is rarely discussed is vitamin B6. Cheap backpack school bag, Buy Quality school bags for teenagers directly from China bags for teenagers Suppliers: High Quality 2017 New Supernatural Luminous Canvas printing backpack Fashion Rucksack Men's backpacks School Bags for Teenagers NBC's fall schedule will get a healthy dose of Chicago Med after all.
Prints are perfect for the home or office. All prints are custom manufactured using archival inks and acid-free paper. Framed prints are matted and...
Greeting cards are for more than holidays; they are a great way to express yourself and to keep in touch with friends and family. A personal note on...
Scribble important stuff - lyrics, recipes, addresses, and more. Our Wire-O bound, 160 page journal has your choice of papers and measures 5" x 8", a...
Perfect for dressing up any wall, this is the perfect size for maximum visual impact, or instantly creating a theme for a room. Images look great on...
Sending a note card is the perfect way to express yourself anytime. Let your friends and family know you care, whether you're marking a special...
Perfect for dressing up any wall, or instantly creating a theme for a room. Images look great on this high-quality poster, printed on heavyweight 7...

Pretty strong bearish wedge forming PLUS last three divergences were bang on. Another strong bearish divergence has formed. WILL FALL AT USD 4200.

Cuba: As previously reported, Cuba will host a International Conference of Mind Sports in May 2017. For those interested in participating beyond just joining in on the competitions, the call for papers to present a workshop is open until January 31. In addition, I-Dared Travels has developed a program that includes the conference and three additional days for traveling and getting to know a bit of Eastern Cuba. Click here for details.
Australia: The third Australian Go Congress has been announced for September 28 through October 1, 2017 in Sydney. The Australian Go Championships will be the central event at the Congress. In addition, a one day ‘kyu’ tournament will enable younger players to take part and enjoy the experience of being part of a major international event. The organizing committee is also planning other events including Pair Go and Lightning Go, with details to be released in the coming months.
Also coming up in 2017: European Go Congress 2017, Canadian Open 2017, Osaka Go Camp/Japan Go Congress and the US Go Congress. More details here.
Any time you see this symbol next to a name, they have registered their e-mail address at The Registry. This will be their current addy.
Various Grant County related files can also be found in selected issues of KY FOOTSTEPS: 1997 May*June*July*August*November*December*1998 January*June*July*November*December* 1999 January*February*December*2000 August*November* 2003 April*October*
When emailing, please put "Grant County Archives" in the subject line. Please remember, I cannot respond to queries about ancestors or addresses!!
Be prepared for the cold winters and hot summers with our precision tune-up and safety inspections. Do not wait until your equipment fails when you most need it. Yearly tune-ups have many benefits:
Preventative maintenance could prevent costly repairs while saving you money on your utility bills. We are here to help, contact us today to schedule your next tune-up!
ADT has been helping to protect homes and families for more than 130 years. With over 130 years of experience, ADT is established at the forefront of home security in Lone Oak, TX, which is why more people trust ADT than they do smaller local security providers. Thanks to affordable and effective monitoring service, ADT is the best choice for Lone Oak residents to help keep their homes and families safe. With packages and services designed for almost any home, you won't find a better fit for your security needs than ADT.
Possible home invasion is only one of the many dangers facing your family in Lone Oak, TX. ADT has four interconnected monitoring centers that are staffed full time by professional dispatchers, ready to help respond to a break-in, a fire or even a medical emergency. Monitoring service is in place all day, every day so your home is never left without protection. Not only is ADT monitoring available to Lone Oak residents for about $1 a day, but professional monitoring may also make you eligible for a discount on your home insurance.
ADT monitored security systems offer professional protection with intuitive interfaces. Home security equipment can vary depending on the security needs of your home in Lone Oak, TX. From wireless sensors to infrared motion detectors, each piece of equipment plays an important safety role. Security equipment is easy to operate, protected by battery backup and installed by professionals so you know it's working. No matter which devices you ultimately choose, dependable home security equipment backed by professional 24/7 monitoring from ADT is essential to your home security.
Home security is an important investment for Lone Oak, TX residents to make. For the price of your morning coffee each day, alarm monitoring from ADT can help protect your home and end up saving you thousands of dollars in the long run. More important than stolen property or fire damage, ADT monitored home security systems provides you with the peace of mind that no matter where you are there is someone watching over your Lone Oak home. Call today to discover more ways ADT's monitoring can benefit you.
View Angel Elizabeth Ewer's full profile on US Identify to connect online or by mailing a letter, making a phone call, sending an email, and more. US Identify profiles enable you to reconnect with people from your past, find long lost family, or learn about people in your life now.

Sorry, this partner no longer has rooms available on TripAdvisor. Please visit one of our 2 partner sites to see rooms from US$39.
We're sorry, there are no rooms available on TripAdvisor. Please change your dates, or view all Songshan hotels with availability
Liked · The location is nice walking distance to MRT and night market The toilet have bath tub The have unlimited supply of hot and cold water inside the room. Disliked · The staff cannot speak english The room is too small for guest with...More
This Hotel in Shangsong Taipei was budget, clean,super friendly staff,plenty of hot water,comfortable beds,5 mins walk to all trains,plenty of night markets,7/11 stores everywhere.Very safe to walk around at night, my daughter and myself went out each night to the station mall,Starbucks, McDonald's.BurgerKing.Plenty of dress...More
All the necessities are provided. Bath towel and bedsheet is clean. Room a bit small but its ok to open two big luggage. The receptionist is very helpful. Located near to Raohe night market and wu fen pu. walking distance around 10min. Located at upstairs...More
The first impression of me for this room is like the hour rated room. The location is near the night Market. this is the good point of this room. If the budget is tight and don't mind the cleanliness of the living area. That May...More
The facilities were quite lacking, no shower curtain and bathroom easily gets flooded. Breakfast just consisted of a packed sandwich and tetra pack milk tea. Although the owner of the hotel was very helpful, there was a great language barrier and they lacked materials to...More
Philadelphia's municipal election held on November 6, 1951, was the first under the city's new charter, which had been approved by the voters in April, and the first Democratic victory in the city in more than a half-century. The positions contested were those of mayor and district attorney, and all seventeen city council seats. There was also a referendum on whether to consolidate the city and county governments. Citywide, the Democrats took majorities of over 100,000 votes, breaking a 67-year Republican hold on city government. Joseph S. Clark Jr. and Richardson Dilworth, two of the main movers for the charter reform, were elected mayor and district attorney, respectively. Led by local party chairman James A. Finnegan, the Democrats also took fourteen of seventeen city council seats, and all of the citywide offices on the ballot. A referendum on city-county consolidation passed by a wide margin. The election marked the beginning of Democratic dominance of Philadelphia city politics, which continues today.
In the 1940s, Philadelphia was the last major city in the United States to have nearly all of its political offices occupied by Republicans.[1] Mayor Bernard Samuel and sheriff Austin Meehan led the Republican organization and were supported by many of the city's business interests.[2] In 1947, city voters had elected Republicans to the mayor's office and to every seat on the city council.[3] Over the next few years, cracks in the Republican wall began to emerge as independent voters and reform-minded Republicans began to join with Democrats in opposing what they saw as shortcomings of the Republican political machine.[4] Some in the Democratic coalition objected to making common cause with the reformers, but Democratic City Committee chairman James A. Finnegan saw it as a chance to revitalize his moribund party, saying "good government is good politics."[5]
In 1949, that coalition scored a victory in the election for "row offices" (minor citywide offices including treasurer, coroner, and controller), and the reformers used their new platforms to expose corruption in city government.[6] A bipartisan commission of reformers proposed a new city charter in 1950. The new scheme would shift power away from city council to a strong mayor, something they believed would produce a system that would be more efficient and less susceptible to corruption.[7] It also included provisions for civil service reform, requiring that city jobs be filled by merit selection rather than patronage.[8] The higher-ranking executive branch positions in city government would almost all be filled by the mayor directly without council approval, which was intended to encourage the appointment of independent experts instead of distributing jobs as reward for political service.[8] Voters approved the charter overwhelmingly in an April 1951 referendum, setting up a showdown in November for election to the revised city government.[9]
Samuel did not run for re-election as mayor, leaving an open seat to be contested by the Republican nominee, Daniel A. Poling, and the Democrat, Joseph S. Clark Jr. Clark was a lawyer and United States Army officer who had served in World War II. Raised in an upper-class Republican family, he switched his party affiliation to the Democrats in 1928.[10] After several unsuccessful attempts at public office in Philadelphia, he served as a Deputy Attorney General of Pennsylvania. Clark was known as a reformer, having been elected city controller two years earlier in 1949 on a platform of cleaning up corruption in the city.[8] Despite being slandered as a communist for his membership in the Americans for Democratic Action, a left-wing group, Clark was victorious.[11]
In those two years, Clark probed graft and theft in the Samuel administration and reported his findings to the voters.[12] Many of those accused of crimes were convicted, and several committed suicide.[10] Clark continued his push for reform by urging adoption of the new city charter.[13] He campaigned for mayor with the promise of a "clean sweep of City Hall".[14] He won the support of party Democrats in part by announcing his intention to run whether they backed him or not.[15] In the July primary election, he triumphed easily over former City Solicitor Joseph Sharfsin by an eight-to-one margin.[16]
The Republican nominee, Poling, was a Baptist preacher with a national reputation for integrity who GOP leaders hoped would help deflect the corruption charges leveled against the machine.[8] Poling had worked for various charitable organizations and managed the Christian Herald.[17] His son, Clark V. Poling, was one of the Four Chaplains lost aboard the SS Dorchester in World War II, and Poling served as pastor at the chapel erected in their memory.[18] Poling was challenged in the primary by Walter P. Miller, a businessman who had the backing of independent Republicans. The ward leaders swung their support to Poling, who won by a six-to-one margin.[16][19]
As in 1947 and 1949, Clark focused his campaign on the corruption of the Republican organization, calling it "the most corrupt political machine in the United States".[20] Poling admitted that corruption existed, but pledged to root it out himself if elected.[20] Philadelphia's two newspapers, the Inquirer and the Bulletin, had traditionally endorsed Republicans, but in 1951 favored the Democrats.[21] Poling's association with the Republican party bosses clinched the Inquirer's endorsement for Clark; in an editorial, the editors said "the only way Philadelphia can get a change at City Hall is by throwing out the Republican ward-boss clique".[22] Clark and his running mate, district attorney candidate Richardson Dilworth, bought radio time and made street-corner speeches. In one speech, Dilworth called the Republican leadership "political hogs and extremely avaricious gentlemen".[20] In a broadcast, Clark called his non-politician opponent the ignorant tool of corrupt interests, saying "he can know nothing about the subject personally for he has not been in politics in Philadelphia long enough to find out."[20] Poling campaigned vigorously with the full support of his party organization, but the effort fell short.[19]
The general election was a landslide for Clark, who won by more than 120,000 votes.[23] With 58% of the vote, the Democrats had gained nearly 215,000 votes over the last election, in which they had been defeated. The Democrats' greatest gains were in the so-called "independent wards", where middle-class voters were more likely to split their tickets in pursuit of good government, and in the majority-black wards in North and West Philadelphia, where Clark's promise of civil service reform gained the confidence of black voters, who had traditionally been left out of the patronage system.[24] As the result became apparent, he told reporters that it was a "great victory for the thinking people of Philadelphia and it ends a long hard fight."[23]
Philadelphia elects a district attorney independently of the mayor, in a system that predates the charter change.[26] Since 1957, district attorney elections have followed mayoral and city council elections by two years, but in 1951 both offices were up for election in the same year.[27]
As in the mayor's race, the contest for district attorney pitted a Democratic reformer, Richardson Dilworth, against a representative of the Republican machine, Michael A. Foley. Dilworth, like Clark, was a former Republican who had been advocating reform for several years. He had run for mayor unsuccessfully in 1947, with Clark as his campaign manager.[28] In 1949, he was elected City Treasurer. Democratic Party leaders had intended Dilworth to be their candidate for mayor again in 1951, but when Clark announced his candidacy, Dilworth agreed to run for district attorney instead.[10] Foley, an attorney for the Insurance Company of North America, had organization backing in the primary but had no success against the Democratic wave in the general election.[16][29] Dilworth was unopposed in the primary.[16] In November, Dilworth won by almost as large a margin as Clark, taking just shy of 58% of the vote. He told reporters that the victory had a "sobering effect", adding: "the bigger the victory, the bigger the responsibility".[23]
Under the new charter, Philadelphians elected a seventeen-member city council in 1951, with ten members representing districts of the city, and the remaining seven being elected at-large. By the rules of the limited voting system for the at-large seats, each political party could nominate five candidates and voters could only vote for five, with the result that the majority party could only take five of the seven seats, leaving two for the minority party.[30] The Democrats' citywide triumph continued into the city council races, as they took nine of ten districts and five of seven at-large seats.[31]
Constance Dallas, the first woman to win election to City Council, was elected in a close vote in the 8th district (covering Chestnut Hill, Germantown, and Roxborough) over incumbent councilman Robert S. Hamilton. In the 1st district, which took in South Philadelphia, attorney Thomas I. Guerin defeated Dominic J. Colubiale. In the 2nd, the Republicans' lone district-level victory came as electrical equipment salesman William M. Phillips bested Louis Vignola, a labor union official. In the 3rd district, made up of the southern half of West Philadelphia, incumbent Harry Norwitch defeated another incumbent from the old city council, George Maxman, who had held office since 1936. In the 4th, which covered the northern half of West Philadelphia, state representative Samuel Rose defeated incumbent James G. Clark.[31]
In the city's 5th district in North Philadelphia, another incumbent, Eugene J. Sullivan, was defeated by Raymond Pace Alexander, a local attorney and African American civil rights leader. In the 6th district, covering Kensington and Frankford, plumbers' union official Michael J. Towey won over William J. Glowacz. In the 7th, James Hugh Joseph Tate defeated Joseph A. Ferko, a local Mummers string band leader. Insurance broker Charles M. Finley defeated incumbent councilman William A. Kelley in the 9th district, which covered Oak Lane, Olney, and Logan. In Northeast Philadelphia's 10th district, incumbent Clarence K. Crossan, who had held office since 1925, went down to defeat against real estate broker John F. Byrne Sr.[31]
In the at-large races, all five Democrats were elected, including city party chairman James A. Finnegan, former registration commissioner Victor E. Moore, Charter Commission secretary Lewis M. Stevens, attorney (and future district attorney of Philadelphia) Victor H. Blanc, and magistrate Paul D'Ortona. The Republican slate ran more than 100,000 votes behind the Democrats, with incumbent councilman Louis Schwartz and state senator John W. Lord Jr. narrowly edging out labor leader John B. Backhus, assistant district attorney Colbert C. McClain, and clergyman Irwin W. Underhill for the two minority party slots on the council.[31] The Progressive Party, a left-wing party founded in 1948 around Henry A. Wallace's presidential bid, ran two candidates who took less than one percent of the vote.[31]
In the race for city commissioners, each party nominates two candidates and the top three are elected. The office was a county office, a holdover from the time before consolidation of the townships in Philadelphia County into one city. The most important of the remaining duties of the commissioners in Philadelphia was the conduct of the city's elections; they also had responsibility for regulating weights and measures.[33] As in the other races, the Democrats triumphed, electing both Maurice S. Osser and Thomas P. McHenry. McHenry was an incumbent who had served as commissioner since 1945, while Osser was new to the office, having previously worked as a lawyer and as the leader of the 16th ward.[23] The Republican spot on the county commission went to Walter I. Davidson, a sales executive.[23][25]
The Democrats' success continued down the ballot. The incumbent sheriff, Austin Meehan, did not run for re-election, and the race for county sheriff pitted two incumbent city councilmen against each other for the job: Democrat William M. Lennox and Republican Cornelius S. Deegan Jr.[34] The office of sheriff was another holdover county office. The sheriff, whose job differed from that of the chief of police, was the chief law enforcement officer of the court.[35] Lennox came out ahead, and would hold the job for the next twenty years.[36]
Democrat Joseph A. Scanlon was elected over Republican Edward W. Furia for clerk of courts, an officer charged with the collection and disbursement of payments ordered by the courts.[31][37] Scanlon, a former state legislator, served as clerk until 1957, when he died in office.[38] For recorder of deeds, another county administrative office, Democrat Marshall L. Shepard was elected.[31] Shepard was a Baptist minister who had also served as recorder of deeds in Washington, D.C.[39] Two years later, the office was folded into the city government and converted to a civil service position.[39]
Most of the common pleas court judges up for re-election were endorsed by both parties, but in the one contested race, Democrat John Morgan Davis defeated incumbent Republican Thomas Bluett.[40] The Democrats also took eight of the fourteen magisterial district judge positions (a local court, the duties of which are now performed by the Philadelphia Municipal Court).[31]
A statewide referendum on the ballot that day continued the work begun by the new city charter in asking voters to consolidate the city and county governments in Philadelphia. In 1854, all of the municipalities in Philadelphia County had been consolidated into one city, but many county offices still existed, duplicating the efforts of city officials. The merger would also bring county offices under the civil service protections of the new city charter.[41] Merging the city and county governments had been defeated in a 1937 referendum, but in 1951 the question was overwhelmingly approved.[42] Two other ballot proposals authorized the city to borrow $17 million for municipal improvements and $14 million for the gas works; both passed by a five-to-one margin.[34]
The 1951 election was the final blow to Philadelphia's once-dominant Republican machine. After winning some minor offices in 1953, the Republican organization quickly declined again.[43] Since that time, the Democratic Party has dominated the city's politics, with no other party electing a mayor or a majority of the city council.[44] With Republicans no longer playing a significant role in Philadelphia's government, the main battle in city politics came to be between the Democratic Party's reformers and its organization stalwarts.[45] By 1965, with most reformers out of government, the ascendant political culture in the city returned to what the Philadelphia Bulletin called "the old, narrow partisan view, the aroma of inside deals, back-scratching, and City Hall favoritism ... crass political bidding for favor at taxpayers' expense."[46]
Reichly, James (1959). The Art of Government: Reform and Organization Politics in Philadelphia. A report to the Fund for the Republic. New York: Fund for The Republic. OCLC 994205.
Clark, George R. (March 1991). "Joseph Sill Clark (October 21, 1901 – January 12, 1990)". Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society. 135 (1): 92–97. JSTOR 987153.
Miller, Joseph H. (April 18, 1951a). "Independents Play Decisive Role in Victory". The Philadelphia Inquirer – via Newspapers.com.
Miller, Joseph H. (July 25, 1951b). "Poling and Clark Are Nominated". The Philadelphia Inquirer. pp. 1, 12 – via Newspapers.com.
Miller, Joseph H. (October 25, 1951c). "'Corrupt GOP Machine' Reviled By Clark; Poling Confirms 'Mace' Charge". The Philadelphia Inquirer. pp. 1, 2 – via Newspapers.com.
"Poling's Backers Knife City Reforms". The Philadelphia Inquirer. November 4, 1951. p. 14-B – via Newspapers.com.
"Woman Elected to First Seat in City Council". The Philadelphia Inquirer. November 7, 1951. p. 2 – via Newspapers.com.
"City and County Merger Believed OK'd by Voters". The Philadelphia Inquirer. November 7, 1951 – via Newspapers.com.
Miller, Joseph H. (November 7, 1951d). "Democrats win by 122,000". The Philadelphia Inquirer – via Newspapers.com.
Associated Press (February 8, 1968). "Dr. Poling Dies at 83; Clergyman". Delaware County Daily Times – via Newspapers.com.
Neal, Steve (January 15, 1990). "Political Giant Joseph Clark Dead at 88". The Philadelphia Inquirer – via Newspapers.com.
Roche, Walter F. (October 8, 1991). "William m. Lennox, 91, sheriff from 1952-72, later hospice volunteer". The Philadelphia Inquirer. p. 7-B – via Newspapers.com.
The Ruckers family (variants: Ruckaert, Ruckaerts, Rucqueer, Rueckers, Ruekaerts, Ruijkers, Rukkers, Rycardt) were harpsichord and virginal makers from the Southern Netherlands based in Antwerp in the 16th and 17th century. Their influence stretched well into the 18th century, and to the harpsichord revival of the 20th.
The Ruckers family contributed immeasurably to the harpsichord's technical development, pioneering the addition of a second manual; the quality of their instruments is such that the name of Ruckers is as important to early keyboard instruments as that of Stradivarius is to the violin family. In the 18th century, Ruckers instruments were often modified by French makers in a process known as ravalement, to allow for an extended range and other additions.
The family probably originated in Germany. The earliest known member, Hans Ruckers, was from Weissenburg, according to documents from 1530 in the Antwerp city archives, and the similarly named Arnold Rucker was a German organ builder in the city in 1520.
Hans Ruckers (1540s–1598) was born in Mechelen. In 1575 he married Adriana Cnaeps; harpsichord maker Marten van der Biest was a witness at the wedding, though it is not known what their working relationship was. Hans Ruckers was a Catholic and had 11 children, two of whom became harpsichord makers, and his daughter Catharina (to whom harpsichord maker Willem Gompaerts (c.1534 – after 1600) was godfather) married into the instrument-making Couchet family, ensuring a strong continuation of both dynasties; her son Joannes continued in the family craft. Hans Ruckers became a member of the Guild of St Luke in 1579, and a citizen of Antwerp in 1594; he lived very near the artist Rubens in the Jodenstraat.[1] He signed his instruments by working his initials into the rose. Instruments by him in existence today are virginals from the 1580s and 1590s now in Berlin, Bruges, New York, Paris and Yale University. He was also an organ builder, though none by him remains; he is known to have worked on the organs of St. Jacobskerk and Antwerp Cathedral.
Joannes Ruckers (variants: Ioannes, Hans, Jan) (15 January 1578 – 29 September 1642) was the first son of Hans Ruckers, and also became a harpsichord and organ maker. He lived his life in Antwerp. He and brother Andreas became partners in their father's business upon his death, Joannes becoming sole owner in 1608. He joined the Guild of St Luke in 1611; his entry reads 'Hans Rukers, sone, claversigmaker'; following this he engraved 'IR' into the rose of his instruments, rather than his father's 'HR'. He worked for the archdukes of the Netherlands in Brussels from 1616. His nephew Joannes Couchet joined his workshop around 1627, taking it over after his death. Around 35 of his instruments are in existence today.
Andreas Ruckers I (or Andries) (30 August 1579 – after 1645) was the second son of Hans Ruckers, and likewise became a harpsichord maker based in Antwerp. In 1605 he married; three of his children survived to adulthood. Details of his life are scarce after he sold his share in the family business to his brother Joannes in 1608. He remained a harpsichord maker, was still alive in September 1645 and may have lived ten years or more after that date. His surviving instruments are dated from 1607 to 1644, and are in collections all over the world.
Andreas Ruckers II (or Andries) (31 March 1607 – before 1667) was the son of Andreas Ruckers I, from whom he learned his craft. A 1638 entry in the records of the Guild of St Luke that reads, "Rickart, claversingelmaker, wijnmeester" may refer to him. He married Joanna Hechts that year; they had six children, and she died of the plague in 1653. Seven of his instruments, built in the 1640s and 1650s, are known to exist in collections around the world. He was the last of the Ruckers family under that name. See Couchet for another branch of the family.
There may have been another Ruckers maker as yet unidentified: two virginals built in the 17th-century Ruckers tradition have similar roses with the initials 'CR'; they were once thought to have been the work of Christoffel Ruckers, a 16th-century organ player living in Dendermonde, but he is now generally excluded as a possible maker.
This harpsichord is the work of two celebrated makers: originally constructed by Andreas Ruckers in Antwerp (1646), it was later remodeled and expanded by Pascal Taskin in Paris (1780).
Existing virginals made by the Ruckers family are rectangular (one is six-sided) with the keyboard positioned either to the left (spinet) or right (muselar) of centre and a single set of strings running parallel to the long side. Spinetten had their plucking point near the end of the string, while muselaars had a plucking point close to the middle of the string; the difference in sound between the two is easily audible. The pitch of the instrument varied according to its size; the largest sounded at the standard pitch of the time, something like a'=415 Hz, while smaller virginals were pitched a tone, 4th, 5th, 8ve or a 9th higher.
Some virginals were built as double instrument, with a normal-pitch instrument combined with one pitched an octave higher; this was known as 'the mother with the child', marked 'M' (Moeder) and 'k' (kind) as the smaller instrument was normally stored in a space beside the keyboard of the larger. The actions combined when the octave instrument was fitted on top of the regular one, enabling the musician to play both at once. They occasionally built other compound instruments, fitting a virginal into the empty space left by the harpsichord's bentside.
Both single and double manual harpsichords made by the Ruckers family had the disposition 8' 4', with each keyboard having a set of jacks for each set of strings. The standard compass of the Ruckers keyboard is from short octave C/E to c''' or d'''. Double manual harpsichords had their keyboards uncoupled and aligned to sound a 4th (occasionally a 5th) apart, with the upper manual at standard pitch and the lower pitched below it; when each manual was being used the jacks of the other manual were disengaged. The Ruckers double manual harpsichord thus worked as two instruments in one, pitched a 4th apart. Later two-manual harpsichords keyboards had the two sets of strings tuned together or antiphonally at the same pitch, for timbral contrasts.
Variations of the standard models were sometimes produced for export to France or England; there are single manual harpsichords with chromatic basses (rather than the short octave) down to C, probably intended for England, and double manual harpsichords with a lower-manual range of GG to c''' and an upper manual range of F to f''', produced for France, the lower manual being at standard pitch and the upper a 4th below, reversing the usual pitch arrangement. The lower manual range of these instruments suits the music of contemporary French harpsichord composers such as Chambonnières and Louis Couperin, while the upper manual range is close to early French organ design.
When constructing an instrument, a number was written on the case and many of the parts of the action, along with a serial number depending on the model. This has let researchers learn much more about undated instruments and helped them estimate the rate of production—calculated at up to 35 to 40 instruments per year.
Decoration of an instrument was as careful and elaborate as its construction; repeating Renaissance patterns were block-printed onto paper and placed inside the keywell and around the inside of the case above the soundboard. Large Latin mottoes were printed similarly on a wood-grained paper on the inside of the lid. Alternatively, the lid was painted by artists like Rubens and Brueghel. The exterior was painted in imitation of marble or huge jewels held by iron strapwork. The rose in the soundboard is surrounded by a painted wreath of flowers and other flora and fauna in tempera. The roses used by all members of the Ruckers family show an angel playing a harp, with the initials of the builder on each side of it; the date was found either on the soundboard or the wrest plank.
Ruckers instruments have always been valued for the beauty of their resonant, balanced tone, which they achieved through thoroughly masterful design and excellent craftsmanship, still studied as a model by harpsichord makers today.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, Ruckers instruments were more highly valued than those of any other maker, and the tone was regarded as an ideal in most of Northern Europe. This led to the inevitable production of counterfeits by unscrupulous makers, of which some survive today and have been firmly identified as such, but also an updating and rebuilding of true Ruckers instruments to suit modern tastes. Particularly in Paris, Ruckers harpsichords were extended in range and sometimes completely rebuilt (by makers such as Blanchet, Taskin and Goermans) in a process called ravalement or grand ravalement, with re-alignment of two-manual keyboards at the unison, replacement of the action and redecoration of the case. The characteristic Ruckers tone was ensured by keeping the soundboard unaltered; some makers used only the original soundboard, advertising the final instrument as a 'Ruckers'.
Such was the lasting influence of Ruckers that their methods of construction had been absorbed by the major harpsichord-making traditions of England, France, Germany, Flanders and Scandinavia by the mid-18th century.
Emanuele d'Astorga (20 March 1680 – 1757, by one report) was an Italian composer known mainly for his Stabat Mater.
He was born on 20 March 1680[1] in Augusta, Sicily. No authentic account of Astorga's life can be successfully constructed from the obscure and confusing evidence that has been until now handed down, although historians have not failed to indulge many pleasant conjectures. According to Volkmann his father, a baron of Sicily, took an active part in the attempt to throw off the Spanish yoke, but was betrayed by his own soldiers and publicly executed. His wife and son were compelled to be spectators of his fate; and such was the effect upon them that his mother died on the spot, and Emanuele fell into a state of gloomy despondency, which threatened to deprive him of reason. By the kindness of the Princess of Ursini, the unfortunate young man was placed in a convent at Astorga, in León, where he completed a musical education which is said to have been begun in Palermo under Francesco Scarlatti. Here he recovered his health, and his admirable musical talents were cultivated under the best masters. On the details of this account no reliance can safely be placed, nor is there any certainty that in 1703, he entered the service of the Duke of Parma.[2]
Equally untrustworthy is the story that the duke, suspecting an attachment between his niece Elizabeth Farnese and Astorga, dismissed the musician. The established facts concerning Astorga are indeed few enough. They are: that the opera Dafne was written and conducted by the composer in Barcelona in 1709; that he visited London, where he wrote his Stabat Mater, possibly for the society of "Antient Musick"; that it was performed in Oxford in 1713; that in 1712, he was in Vienna.[2] Around 1723 he was in Lisbon, where in 1726 he published Cantate da camera, his only published piece,[citation needed] and that he retired at an uncertain date to Bohemia. According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition, he died on 21 August 1736, in a castle which had been given to him in the domains of Prince Lobkowicz, in Roudnice.[2] However, according to a manuscript in the Santini collection in Münster he died in 1757 in Madrid.[citation needed]
Astorga deserves remembrance for his dignified and poignant Stabat Mater, and for his numerous chamber-cantatas for one or two voices. He was probably the last composer to carry on the traditions of this form of chamber music as perfected by Alessandro Scarlatti.[2]
This article may be expanded with text translated from the corresponding article in Chinese. (August 2018) Click [show] for important translation instructions.
The sculpture of Emperors Yan and Huang is a monument in China that was carved from a mountain on the Yellow River. The overall monument height is 106 metres (348 ft); a 55-meter base platform with 51-meter busts on top. They depict two of the earliest Chinese emperors, Yan Di and Huang Di. The construction lasted 20 years and was completed in 2007,[1] at a cost of US$22.5 million.[2] They are located in Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan province, People's Republic of China. The statues commemorate politics and the economy.[3]
In computer science, an interpreter is a computer program that directly executes, i.e. performs, instructions written in a programming or scripting language, without requiring them previously to have been compiled into a machine language program. An interpreter generally uses one of the following strategies for program execution:
explicitly execute stored precompiled code[1] made by a compiler which is part of the interpreter system.
Early versions of Lisp programming language and Dartmouth BASIC would be examples of the first type. Perl, Python, MATLAB, and Ruby are examples of the second, while UCSD Pascal is an example of the third type. Source programs are compiled ahead of time and stored as machine independent code, which is then linked at run-time and executed by an interpreter and/or compiler (for JIT systems). Some systems, such as Smalltalk and contemporary versions of BASIC and Java may also combine two and three.[2] Interpreters of various types have also been constructed for many languages traditionally associated with compilation, such as Algol, Fortran, Cobol and C/C++.
While interpretation and compilation are the two main means by which programming languages are implemented, they are not mutually exclusive, as most interpreting systems also perform some translation work, just like compilers. The terms "interpreted language" or "compiled language" signify that the canonical implementation of that language is an interpreter or a compiler, respectively. A high level language is ideally an abstraction independent of particular implementations.
Interpreters were used as early as 1952 to ease programming within the limitations of computers at the time (e.g. a shortage of program storage space, or no native support for floating point numbers). Interpreters were also used to translate between low-level machine languages, allowing code to be written for machines that were still under construction and tested on computers that already existed.[3] The first interpreted high-level language was Lisp. Lisp was first implemented in 1958 by Steve Russell on an IBM 704 computer. Russell had read John McCarthy's paper, and realized (to McCarthy's surprise) that the Lisp eval function could be implemented in machine code.[4] The result was a working Lisp interpreter which could be used to run Lisp programs, or more properly, "evaluate Lisp expressions".
An illustration of the linking process. Object files and static libraries are assembled into a new library or executable
Programs written in a high level language are either directly executed by some kind of interpreter or converted into machine code by a compiler (and assembler and linker) for the CPU to execute.
While compilers (and assemblers) generally produce machine code directly executable by computer hardware, they can often (optionally) produce an intermediate form called object code. This is basically the same machine specific code but augmented with a symbol table with names and tags to make executable blocks (or modules) identifiable and relocatable. Compiled programs will typically use building blocks (functions) kept in a library of such object code modules. A linker is used to combine (pre-made) library files with the object file(s) of the application to form a single executable file. The object files that are used to generate an executable file are thus often produced at different times, and sometimes even by different languages (capable of generating the same object format).
A simple interpreter written in a low level language (e.g. assembly) may have similar machine code blocks implementing functions of the high level language stored, and executed when a function's entry in a look up table points to that code. However, an interpreter written in a high level language typically uses another approach, such as generating and then walking a parse tree, or by generating and executing intermediate software-defined instructions, or both.
Thus, both compilers and interpreters generally turn source code (text files) into tokens, both may (or may not) generate a parse tree, and both may generate immediate instructions (for a stack machine, quadruple code, or by other means). The basic difference is that a compiler system, including a (built in or separate) linker, generates a stand-alone machine code program, while an interpreter system instead performs the actions described by the high level program.
A compiler can thus make almost all the conversions from source code semantics to the machine level once and for all (i.e. until the program has to be changed) while an interpreter has to do some of this conversion work every time a statement or function is executed. However, in an efficient interpreter, much of the translation work (including analysis of types, and similar) is factored out and done only the first time a program, module, function, or even statement, is run, thus quite akin to how a compiler works. However, a compiled program still runs much faster, under most circumstances, in part because compilers are designed to optimize code, and may be given ample time for this. This is especially true for simpler high level languages without (many) dynamic data structures, checks, or type-checks.
In traditional compilation, the executable output of the linkers (.exe files or .dll files or a library, see picture) is typically relocatable when run under a general operating system, much like the object code modules are but with the difference that this relocation is done dynamically at run time, i.e. when the program is loaded for execution. On the other hand, compiled and linked programs for small embedded systems are typically statically allocated, often hard coded in a NOR flash memory, as there is often no secondary storage and no operating system in this sense.
Historically, most interpreter-systems have had a self-contained editor built in. This is becoming more common also for compilers (then often called an IDE), although some programmers prefer to use an editor of their choice and run the compiler, linker and other tools manually. Historically, compilers predate interpreters because hardware at that time could not support both the interpreter and interpreted code and the typical batch environment of the time limited the advantages of interpretation.[5]
During the software development cycle, programmers make frequent changes to source code. When using a compiler, each time a change is made to the source code, they must wait for the compiler to translate the altered source files and link all of the binary code files together before the program can be executed. The larger the program, the longer the wait. By contrast, a programmer using an interpreter does a lot less waiting, as the interpreter usually just needs to translate the code being worked on to an intermediate representation (or not translate it at all), thus requiring much less time before the changes can be tested. Effects are evident upon saving the source code and reloading the program. Compiled code is generally less readily debugged as editing, compiling, and linking are sequential processes that have to be conducted in the proper sequence with a proper set of commands. For this reason, many compilers also have an executive aid, known as a Make file and program. The Make file lists compiler and linker command lines and program source code files, but might take a simple command line menu input (e.g. "Make 3") which selects the third group (set) of instructions then issues the commands to the compiler, and linker feeding the specified source code files.
A compiler converts source code into binary instruction for a specific processor's architecture, thus making it less portable. This conversion is made just once, on the developer's environment, and after that the same binary can be distributed to the user's machines where it can be executed without further translation. A cross compiler can generate binary code for the user machine even if it has a different processor than the machine where the code is compiled.
An interpreted program can be distributed as source code. It needs to be translated in each final machine, which takes more time but makes the program distribution independent of the machine's architecture. However, the portability of interpreted source code is dependent on the target machine actually having a suitable interpreter. If the interpreter needs to be supplied along with the source, the overall installation process is more complex than delivery of a monolithic executable since the interpreter itself is part of what need be installed.
The fact that interpreted code can easily be read and copied by humans can be of concern from the point of view of copyright. However, various systems of encryption and obfuscation exist. Delivery of intermediate code, such as bytecode, has a similar effect to obfuscation, but bytecode could be decoded with a decompiler or disassembler.[citation needed]
The main disadvantage of interpreters is that an interpreted program typically runs slower than if it had been compiled. The difference in speeds could be tiny or great; often an order of magnitude and sometimes more. It generally takes longer to run a program under an interpreter than to run the compiled code but it can take less time to interpret it than the total time required to compile and run it. This is especially important when prototyping and testing code when an edit-interpret-debug cycle can often be much shorter than an edit-compile-run-debug cycle.[citation needed]
Interpreting code is slower than running the compiled code because the interpreter must analyze each statement in the program each time it is executed and then perform the desired action, whereas the compiled code just performs the action within a fixed context determined by the compilation. This run-time analysis is known as "interpretive overhead". Access to variables is also slower in an interpreter because the mapping of identifiers to storage locations must be done repeatedly at run-time rather than at compile time.[citation needed]
There are various compromises between the development speed when using an interpreter and the execution speed when using a compiler. Some systems (such as some Lisps) allow interpreted and compiled code to call each other and to share variables. This means that once a routine has been tested and debugged under the interpreter it can be compiled and thus benefit from faster execution while other routines are being developed.[citation needed] Many interpreters do not execute the source code as it stands but convert it into some more compact internal form. Many BASIC interpreters replace keywords with single byte tokens which can be used to find the instruction in a jump table. A few interpreters, such as the PBASIC interpreter, achieve even higher levels of program compaction by using a bit-oriented rather than a byte-oriented program memory structure, where commands tokens occupy perhaps 5 bits, nominally "16-bit" constants are stored in a variable-length code requiring 3, 6, 10, or 18 bits, and address operands include a "bit offset". Many BASIC interpreters can store and read back their own tokenized internal representation.
An interpreter might well use the same lexical analyzer and parser as the compiler and then interpret the resulting abstract syntax tree. Example data type definitions for the latter, and a toy interpreter for syntax trees obtained from C expressions are shown in the box.
Interpretation cannot be used as the sole method of execution: even though an interpreter can itself be interpreted and so on, a directly executed program is needed somewhere at the bottom of the stack because the code being interpreted is not, by definition, the same as the machine code that the CPU can execute.[6][7]
There is a spectrum of possibilities between interpreting and compiling, depending on the amount of analysis performed before the program is executed. For example, Emacs Lisp is compiled to bytecode, which is a highly compressed and optimized representation of the Lisp source, but is not machine code (and therefore not tied to any particular hardware). This "compiled" code is then interpreted by a bytecode interpreter (itself written in C). The compiled code in this case is machine code for a virtual machine, which is implemented not in hardware, but in the bytecode interpreter. Such compiling interpreters are sometimes also called compreters.[8][9] In a bytecode interpreter each instruction starts with a byte, and therefore bytecode interpreters have up to 256 instructions, although not all may be used. Some bytecodes may take multiple bytes, and may be arbitrarily complicated.
Threaded code interpreters are similar to bytecode interpreters but instead of bytes they use pointers. Each "instruction" is a word that points to a function or an instruction sequence, possibly followed by a parameter. The threaded code interpreter either loops fetching instructions and calling the functions they point to, or fetches the first instruction and jumps to it, and every instruction sequence ends with a fetch and jump to the next instruction. Unlike bytecode there is no effective limit on the number of different instructions other than available memory and address space. The classic example of threaded code is the Forth code used in Open Firmware systems: the source language is compiled into "F code" (a bytecode), which is then interpreted by a virtual machine.[citation needed]
In the spectrum between interpreting and compiling, another approach is to transform the source code into an optimized abstract syntax tree (AST), then execute the program following this tree structure, or use it to generate native code just-in-time.[10] In this approach, each sentence needs to be parsed just once. As an advantage over bytecode, the AST keeps the global program structure and relations between statements (which is lost in a bytecode representation), and when compressed provides a more compact representation.[11] Thus, using AST has been proposed as a better intermediate format for just-in-time compilers than bytecode. Also, it allows the system to perform better analysis during runtime.
However, for interpreters, an AST causes more overhead than a bytecode interpreter, because of nodes related to syntax performing no useful work, of a less sequential representation (requiring traversal of more pointers) and of overhead visiting the tree.[12]
Further blurring the distinction between interpreters, bytecode interpreters and compilation is just-in-time compilation (JIT), a technique in which the intermediate representation is compiled to native machine code at runtime. This confers the efficiency of running native code, at the cost of startup time and increased memory use when the bytecode or AST is first compiled. Adaptive optimization is a complementary technique in which the interpreter profiles the running program and compiles its most frequently executed parts into native code. Both techniques are a few decades old, appearing in languages such as Smalltalk in the 1980s.[13]
Just-in-time compilation has gained mainstream attention amongst language implementers in recent years, with Java, the .NET Framework, most modern JavaScript implementations, and Matlab now including JITs.[citation needed]
A self-interpreter is a programming language interpreter written in a programming language which can interpret itself; an example is a BASIC interpreter written in BASIC. Self-interpreters are related to self-hosting compilers.
If no compiler exists for the language to be interpreted, creating a self-interpreter requires the implementation of the language in a host language (which may be another programming language or assembler). By having a first interpreter such as this, the system is bootstrapped and new versions of the interpreter can be developed in the language itself. It was in this way that Donald Knuth developed the TANGLE interpreter for the language WEB of the industrial standard TeX typesetting system.
Defining a computer language is usually done in relation to an abstract machine (so-called operational semantics) or as a mathematical function (denotational semantics). A language may also be defined by an interpreter in which the semantics of the host language is given. The definition of a language by a self-interpreter is not well-founded (it cannot define a language), but a self-interpreter tells a reader about the expressiveness and elegance of a language. It also enables the interpreter to interpret its source code, the first step towards reflective interpreting.
An important design dimension in the implementation of a self-interpreter is whether a feature of the interpreted language is implemented with the same feature in the interpreter's host language. An example is whether a closure in a Lisp-like language is implemented using closures in the interpreter language or implemented "manually" with a data structure explicitly storing the environment. The more features implemented by the same feature in the host language, the less control the programmer of the interpreter has; a different behavior for dealing with number overflows cannot be realized if the arithmetic operations are delegated to corresponding operations in the host language.
Some languages have an elegant self-interpreter, such as Lisp or Prolog.[14] Much research on self-interpreters (particularly reflective interpreters) has been conducted in the Scheme programming language, a dialect of Lisp. In general, however, any Turing-complete language allows writing of its own interpreter. Lisp is such a language, because Lisp programs are lists of symbols and other lists. XSLT is such a language, because XSLT programs are written in XML. A sub-domain of meta-programming is the writing of domain-specific languages (DSLs).
Clive Gifford introduced[citation needed] a measure quality of self-interpreter (the eigenratio), the limit of the ratio between computer time spent running a stack of N self-interpreters and time spent to run a stack of N − 1 self-interpreters as N goes to infinity. This value does not depend on the program being run.
The book Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs presents examples of meta-circular interpretation for Scheme and its dialects. Other examples of languages with a self-interpreter are Forth and Pascal.
Microcode is a very commonly used technique "that imposes an interpreter between the hardware and the architectural level of a computer".[15] As such, the microcode is a layer of hardware-level instructions that implement higher-level machine code instructions or internal state machine sequencing in many digital processing elements. Microcode is used in general-purpose central processing units, as well as in more specialized processors such as microcontrollers, digital signal processors, channel controllers, disk controllers, network interface controllers, network processors, graphics processing units, and in other hardware.
Microcode typically resides in special high-speed memory and translates machine instructions, state machine data or other input into sequences of detailed circuit-level operations. It separates the machine instructions from the underlying electronics so that instructions can be designed and altered more freely. It also facilitates the building of complex multi-step instructions, while reducing the complexity of computer circuits. Writing microcode is often called microprogramming and the microcode in a particular processor implementation is sometimes called a microprogram.
More extensive microcoding allows small and simple microarchitectures to emulate more powerful architectures with wider word length, more execution units and so on, which is a relatively simple way to achieve software compatibility between different products in a processor family.
Interpreters are frequently used to execute command languages, and glue languages since each operator executed in command language is usually an invocation of a complex routine such as an editor or compiler.[citation needed]
Self-modifying code can easily be implemented in an interpreted language. This relates to the origins of interpretation in Lisp and artificial intelligence research.[citation needed]
Virtualization. Machine code intended for a hardware architecture can be run using a virtual machine. This is often used when the intended architecture is unavailable, or among other uses, for running multiple copies.
Sandboxing: While some types of sandboxes rely on operating system protections, an interpreter or virtual machine is often used. The actual hardware architecture and the originally intended hardware architecture may or may not be the same. This may seem pointless, except that sandboxes are not compelled to actually execute all the instructions the source code it is processing. In particular, it can refuse to execute code that violates any security constraints it is operating under.[citation needed]
Emulators for running computer software written for obsolete and unavailable hardware on more modern equipment.
^ Although this scheme (combining strategy 2 and 3) was used to implement certain BASIC interpreters already in the 1970s, such as the efficient BASIC interpreter of the ABC 80, for instance.
^ According to what reported by Paul Graham in Hackers & Painters, p. 185, McCarthy said: "Steve Russell said, look, why don't I program this eval..., and I said to him, ho, ho, you're confusing theory with practice, this eval is intended for reading, not for computing. But he went ahead and did it. That is, he compiled the eval in my paper into IBM 704 machine code, fixing bug, and then advertised this as a Lisp interpreter, which it certainly was. So at that point Lisp had essentially the form that it has today..."
^ "Why was the first compiler written before the first interpreter?". Ars Technica. Retrieved 9 November 2014.
This article is based on material taken from the Free On-line Dictionary of Computing prior to 1 November 2008 and incorporated under the "relicensing" terms of the GFDL, version 1.3 or later.
In Greek mythology, the Ourea (Ancient Greek: Oὔρεα "mountains," plural of Oὖρος) were progeny of Gaia, members of the Greek primordial deities, who were the first-born elemental gods and goddesses. According to Hesiod:
The nine ourea, Aitna, Athos, Helikon, Kithairon, Nysos, Olympus, Oreios, Parnes, and Tmolus, like Uranus, and Pontus, were parthenogenetic offspring of Gaia alone. The Greeks rarely personified an individual mountain; an exception might be Tmolus, both a king and a mountain in Lydia. Each mountain was said to have its own local nymph, an oread.
Peak sanctuaries, a feature of Minoan civilization on Crete, are also identified in some archaic sites in mainland Greece.[2] They are not thought to be dedicated to the mountain itself.
William Learned Marcy (December 12, 1786 – July 4, 1857) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge who served as U.S. Senator, Governor of New York, U.S. Secretary of War and U.S. Secretary of State. In the latter office, he negotiated the Gadsden Purchase, the last major acquisition of land in the continental United States.
Born in Southbridge, Massachusetts, Marcy established a legal practice in Troy, New York after graduating from Brown University. He fought in the War of 1812, serving as a captain of volunteers. Politically, he aligned with the Bucktail faction of the Democratic-Republican Party and became a leading member of the Albany Regency. As the Democratic-Republicans fractured in the 1820s, he became a member of the Democratic Party. Between 1821 and 1831, he successively served as Adjutant General of New York, New York State Comptroller, and as an associate justice of the New York Supreme Court. In 1831, the New York legislature elected Marcy to the U.S. Senate, and he held that position until 1833, when he became the Governor of New York. He served three terms as governor until his defeat in 1838 by the Whig nominee, William Seward.
He served as Secretary of War under James K. Polk from 1845 to 1849, overseeing the Mexican–American War. After leaving the Polk administration, he resumed the practice of law and became a leader of the "Soft" Hunker faction of the New York Democratic Party. He returned to the Cabinet in 1853, serving as Secretary of State under Franklin Pierce. In this role, he resolved a dispute about the status of U.S. immigrants abroad and directed U.S. diplomats to dress in the plain style of an ordinary American rather than the court-dress many had adopted from Europe. He also negotiated a reciprocity treaty with British North America and the Gadsden purchase with Mexico, acquiring territory in present-day Arizona and New Mexico. He left office in 1857 and died shortly thereafter.
William Learned Marcy was born in Southbridge, Massachusetts. He graduated from Brown University in 1808, taught school in Dedham, Massachusetts[1] and in Newport, Rhode Island. He studied law with Troy, New York attorney William L. Bliss, was admitted to the bar in 1811, and began a practice in Troy. Marcy served in the War of 1812, serving first as a lieutenant and afterwards as a captain of volunteers. On October 22, 1812 he took part in the storming of the British post at St. Regis, Canada.
Afterward he served as Recorder of Troy for several years. As he sided with the Anti-Clinton faction of the Democratic-Republican Party, known as the Bucktails, he was removed from office in 1818 by his political opponents. He was the editor of the Troy Budget newspaper.
On April 28, 1824, he married Cornelia Knower (1801–1889, daughter of Benjamin Knower) at the Knower House in Guilderland, New York. They had three children -- Samuel (1820-1862), Edmund (1832-1853), and Cornelia (1834–1888). Samuel March was a United States Navy officer who was killed on board the USS Vincennes during the American Civil War. Edmund Preble was ill when he died on board the USS Preble while being transported to the Azores in the hopes of regaining his health. Cornelia Marcy was the wife of Edmund Henry Pendleton (1845-1910), a Union Army veteran who later became a successful author.
Marcy became the leading member of the Albany Regency, a group of Democratic politicians who controlled State politics between 1821 and 1838. He was Adjutant General of New York from 1821 to 1823, New York State Comptroller from 1823 to 1829, and an associate justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1829 to 1831.
In 1831, he was elected U.S. Senator from New York by the state legislature as a Jacksonian Democrat, and served from March 4, 1831, to January 1, 1833. He resigned upon taking office as governor, to which position he was elected in 1832. He sat on the U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary in the 22nd Congress. Defending Jackson's nomination of Martin Van Buren as minister to the United Kingdom in 1832, Marcy used the phrase "'to the victor belong the spoils," from which the term spoils system is derived to refer to patronage political appointments.[2]
Marcy was elected as Governor of New York for three terms, from 1833 until 1838. In 1838, he was defeated by Whig William H. Seward, which led to a radical change in state politics and then ended the Regency. To the abolitionists who questioned the candidates for governor, Marcy was considered a "doughface," a man with Southern sympathies. He was well aware of the importance of Southern cotton and trade for New York state, both as a major part of exports from New York City, and to the textile mills of upstate that processed cotton from the Deep South.
Marcy was appointed as a member of the Mexican Claims Commission, serving from 1839 to 1842. Later he was recognized as one of the leaders of the Hunkers, the conservative, office-seeking, and pro-compromise-on-slavery faction of the Democratic Party in New York.
Marcy served as United States Secretary of War in the Cabinet of President James K. Polk from 1845 until 1849, when he resumed the practice of law in New York. After 1849, Marcy led the "Soft" faction of the Hunkers that supported reconciliation with the Barnburners. He sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1852 but was unsuccessful, in part by "Hard" opposition led by Daniel S. Dickinson.
Marcy returned to public life in 1853 to serve as United States Secretary of State under President Franklin Pierce. On June 1 of that year, he issued a circular to American diplomatic agents abroad, recommending that whenever practicable, they should appear in the simple dress of an American citizen. This directive created much discussion in Europe, where diplomats typically wore court dress. In 1867, Marcy's recommendation was enacted into law by the US Congress.[3]
Marcy resolved the Koszta Affair (1853), related to detention of an unnaturalized American resident by Austria, gaining his freedom. He negotiated the Gadsden Purchase from Mexico in the Southwest, the last major land acquisition by the United States within its continental territory. It added land to what are now the states of New Mexico and Arizona. With a southern route of territory all under United States control, southerners worked to promote a railroad from Texas to San Diego but were not successful.
Other affairs that demanded Marcy's attention were a Canadian reciprocity treaty, Commodore Matthew C. Perry's negotiations for naval and trade access with Japan, a British fishery dispute, and the Ostend Manifesto.[4]
Marcy died at Ballston Spa, New York on July 4, 1857.[5] He was buried at the Rural Cemetery in Albany, New York.[6]
His portrait appeared on American paper currency, the U.S. $1000 Silver Certificate, issued between 1878 and 1891.
^ "Death of Hon. W. L. Marcy". New-York Daily Tribune. New York City. July 6, 1857. p. 4. Retrieved 27 October 2016.
^ "Marcy, 1853" (PDF). U.S. Coast Guard History. U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Retrieved 27 October 2016.
"William Learned Marcy". Secretaries of War and Secretaries of the Army. United States Army Center of Military History. Retrieved 27 October 2016.

Don’t waste a minute of time waiting around for buses and taxis when you could be exploring as soon as you arrive. Fly into and pick up your Sports car rental at Brasilia Intl. President Juscelino Kubitschek. No matter the duration or reason for your trip, a Sports car rental you pick up at BSB is sure to adequately accommodate you and your budget.
With your own set of rental wheels, traveling has never been easier and when you book with Expedia.com, it’s never been more affordable. Cheap Sports car rentals from BSB airport are waiting for you right here on Expedia.com. Browse our impressive collection of vehicles and select your set of rental wheels based on your style and your budgetary preferences. Book with us today and take advantage of our low prices and cheap deals. And since our prices are always backed by our Best Price Guarantee, you can drive off the rental car lot knowing you have made the smartest choice. Make your Sports rental car reservation at BSB’s Brasilia Intl. President Juscelino Kubitschek confidently and enjoy your time in and around .
Find additional BSB rental car pick up locations and enjoy the best car rental deals available anywhere. Find the most convenient BSB airport car rental locations when convenience and easy access are the name of the game!
This report is generated automatically on 04 December 2017 based on information available online. If you feel it's outdated or incorrect, please click here to update it or report incorrect listing
This report represents the search results for the name JOSEPHE ANDERS, which is not unique. It's not the fact that the results belong the same person. It's your responsibility to verify a person you search before making your decision.
Please note: the companies above may be associated with different people named similarly JOSEPHE ANDERS.
I'm a Pakistani and I want you to know that there are things you haven't thought of yet, which I am going to make you think about.




Wonderful work, Jilly! So many quotable lines that lead to an engaging tale. Thank you so much for sharing.


Test with AGQ Labs the levels of Glyphosate in your water in 3 simple steps: (1) Fill in the info requested below and make your payment, (2) Take a sample of your water and (3) Send the sample to AGQ Labs. You will receive your results in 10 working days.
AGQ Labs has been analyzing the active ingredient glyphosate for years, both in foods and in drinking water. The technique utilized is Liquid Chromatography Tandem-Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS-MS), which is unquestionably today’s state-of-the-art instrumentation for this type of analysis.
In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) categorizes glyphosate as a product that is “slightly toxic” for humans and birds and “practically nontoxic to fish, aquatic invertebrates and honeybees.” Despite this EPA classification at the federal level, the State of California, has listed glyphosate under Proposition 65 as a carcinogen. Prop. 65 is the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, approved by the California electorate.
Choose the faucet that will serve as your source of water sample and prepare a plastic container of 3.38 fl.oz.
1) Just before water collection, remove cap from the sample container, carefully lay the cap down with the inside facing up on a clean dry surface. Try not to touch the inside of the container or the inside of the cap.
2) Turn the faucet on and let the water run for half a minute if collecting tap water. Then move the container into the water stream to collect the sample.
3) Fill the container to ½ to ¾ full. Do not fill container more than this. If you overfill the container pour out a little at a time until you are at ½ to ¾ of the way full. Replace the cap immediately. Make sure that it is screwed on tightly.
1) Place the container in a ziplock bag and place in a box you will use for shipping. Make sure that you fill all empty space with paper or bubble wrap so that the sample will not move inside the box during its transport. Seal the box with enough tape to ensure that there are no unnecessary openings in the box.
Make sure that the sample/s are shipped the same day that you collected them. Otherwise, discard the samples.
"AGQ" means AGQ USA, Inc., whose principal place of business is at 2451 Eastman Avenue, Suite 1, Oxnard, California 93030.
"AGQ Research" means testing results provided by AGQ. AGQ Research only uses water samples from users who have given informed consent according to the applicable Consent Document. AGQ Research activities do not include R&D.
"Product Development" means research performed for the purpose of new product development and new product development activities performed by AGQ on de-identified user data. These activities may include, among other things, improving our Services and/or offering new products or services to you; performing quality control activities; conducting data analysis that may lead to and/or include commercialization with a third party.
"Service" or "Services" means AGQ’s products, software, services, and website (including but not limited to text, graphics, images, and other material and information) as accessed from time to time by the user, regardless if the use is in connection with an account or not.
"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you, either alone or in combination with other information. AGQ collects and stores the following types of Personal Information:
"Registration Information" is the information you provide about yourself when registering for and/or purchasing our Services (e.g. name, email, address, user ID and password, and payment information).
"Testing Information" is information regarding your sample, generated through processing of your sample by AGQ or by its contractors, successors, and assignees; or otherwise processed by and/or contributed to AGQ.
"User Content" is all information, data, text, software, music, audio, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials - other than Genetic Information and Self-Reported Information-generated by users of AGQ Services and transmitted, whether publicly or privately, to or through AGQ.
Your use of AGQ 's Services (excluding any services provided by AGQ under a separate agreement) is subject to the terms of the legal agreement between you and AGQ set forth in these
Terms of Service ("TOS"). Except as specified herein, these TOS apply to any use of the Services, including but not limited to submitting a water sample for testing and processing. In order to use the Services, you must first agree to the TOS. You may not use the Services if you do not accept the TOS. You can accept the TOS by (1) clicking to accept or agree to the TOS, where this option is made available to you by AGQ for any Service; or by (2) actually using the Services. In this case, you acknowledge and agree that AGQ will treat your use of the Services as acceptance of the TOS from that point onwards. In addition, when using particular AGQ Services, you shall be subject to any guidelines or rules applicable to such services that may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. AGQ also may offer other services from time to time that are governed by different terms of service.
Whether you submit your own water sample, or a water sample for anyone for whom you have legal authority to agree, you may not use the Services and may not accept the TOS if (1) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with AGQ, or (2) you are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
In addition to the conditions above, if you contribute or otherwise provide your own Genetic Information, you must be eighteen (18) years of age or older to agree to these TOS on behalf of yourself or those for whom you have legal authority to agree.
The Services include access to testing results provided by AGQ for the sample provided. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, each new feature that augments or enhances the current Service shall be subject to the TOS. You acknowledge and agree that the Services are provided "AS-IS" and are based on the current state of the art of research and technology in use by AGQ at the time of the purchase or viewing. As research progresses and scientific knowledge and technology evolve, AGQ is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services which AGQ provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. As part of this continuing innovation, you acknowledge and agree that AGQ may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing some Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally at AGQ’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. You may stop using the Services at any time. You do not need to specifically inform AGQ when you stop using the Services unless you are requesting closure of your account. AGQ assumes no responsibility for the use of Services outside the terms of this TOS or other applicable terms.
In order to use the Services, you must obtain Internet access, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. You are solely responsible for paying such fees. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such Internet connection, including a computer and modem or other access device. You are solely responsible for providing such equipment. You acknowledge and agree that while AGQ may not currently have set a fixed upper limit on the number of transmissions you may send or receive through the Services or on the amount of storage space used for the provision of any Service, such fixed upper limits may be set by AGQ at any time, at AGQ’s discretion.
Once you obtain your requested results based on the sample provided, the knowledge is irrevocable. AGQ does not interpret the results of its testing and will only provide raw data for your review and consideration. You should not assume that any information we may be able to provide to you, whether now or as genetic research advances, will be welcome or positive. You should also understand that as research advances, in order for you to assess the meaning of your results in the context of such advances, you may need to obtain further services from AGQ, your physician, a health care counselor, or other health care provider.
We encourage you to talk to a health care counselor, a health professional with special training in the relevant conditions, prior to collecting your sample for testing to learn more so you can make an informed decision about whether testing is right for you. A genetic counselor also can help you understand your results and options.
Some people feel a little anxious about getting test results. This is normal. If you feel very anxious, you should speak to your physician or a genetic counselor prior to collecting your sample for testing.
You may learn information about yourself that you do not anticipate. This information may evoke strong emotions and has the potential to alter your life and worldview. You may discover things about yourself that trouble you and that you may not have the ability to control or change (e.g., someone with similar results may have a higher than average chance of developing a specific condition or disease). These outcomes could have social, legal, or economic implications.
The laboratory may not be able to process your sample, and the laboratory process may result in errors. The laboratory may not be able to process your sample due to our standards for accuracy and process. If the initial processing fails for any of these reasons, AGQ care will reprocess the same sample at no charge to the user. If the user sends another sample and AGQ’s attempts to process the second sample are unsuccessful, AGQ will not send additional sample collection kits and the user will be entitled solely and exclusively to a complete refund of the amount paid to AGQ, less shipping and handling, provided the user shall not resubmit another sample through a future purchase of the service. If the user breaches this policy agreement and resubmits another sample through a future purchase of the service and processing is not successful, AGQ will not offer to reprocess the sample or provide the user a refund. Even for processing that meets our high standards, a small, unknown fraction of the data generated during the laboratory process may be un-interpretable or incorrect (referred to as "Errors"). As this possibility is known in advance, users are not entitled to refunds where these Errors occur.
You should not change your health behaviors solely on the basis of information from AGQ. Make sure to discuss your testing results with a physician or other health care provider before you act upon the information resulting from AGQ Services. For most common diseases, the genes we know about are only responsible for a small fraction of the risk. There may be unknown genes, environmental factors, or lifestyle choices that are far more important predictors. If your data indicate that you are not at elevated genetic risk for a particular disease or condition, you should not feel that you are protected. The opposite is also true; if your data indicate you are at an elevated genetic risk for a particular disease or condition, it does not mean you will definitively develop the disease or condition. In either case, if you have concerns or questions about what you learn through AGQ, you should contact your physician or other health care provider.
Testing research is not comprehensive. While we measure many hundreds of thousands of data points from your sample, only a small percentage of them are known to be related to human health conditions. The research community is rapidly learning more about genetics, and an important mission of AGQ is to conduct and contribute to this research. In addition, many ethnic groups are not included in genetic studies. Because interpretations provided in our service rely on these published studies, some interpretations may not apply to you. Future scientific research may change the interpretation of your sample and results. In the future, the scientific community may show previous research to be incomplete or inaccurate.
Furthermore, Testing Information that you choose to share with your physician or other health care provider may become part of your medical record and through that route be accessible to other health care providers and/or insurance companies in the future. Testing Information that you share with family, friends or employers may be used against your interests. Even if you share Testing Information that has no or limited meaning today, that information could have greater meaning in the future as new discoveries are made. If you are asked by an insurance company whether you have learned Testing Information about health conditions and you do not disclose this to them, this may be considered to be fraud.
AGQ Services are for research, informational, and educational use only. We do not provide medical advice or scientific interpretation of the results or the meaning and implication of the results to you. The Genetic Information provided by AGQ is for research, informational, and educational use only. This means two things. First, many of the genetic discoveries that we report have not been clinically validated, and the technology we use, which is the same technology used by the research community, to date has not been widely used for clinical testing. Second, in order to expand and accelerate the understanding and practical application of environmental knowledge in health care, we invite all users to participate in AGQ Research. Participation in such research is voluntary and based upon an approved consent document. As a result of the current state of environmental knowledge and understanding, our Services are for research, informational, and educational purposes only. The Services are not intended to be used by the customer for any diagnostic purpose and are not a substitute for professional medical advice. You should always seek the advice of your physician or other health care provider with any questions you may have regarding diagnosis, cure, treatment, mitigation, or prevention of any disease or other medical condition or impairment or the status of your health.
AGQ does not endorse, warranty or guarantee the effectiveness of any specific course of action, resources, tests, physician or other health care providers, drugs, biologics, medical devices or other products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on our website. If we provide to you on our website any recommendations that identify for you, based on your Genetic and Self-Reported Information and scientific literature or research, potentially actionable information, this information is intended for informational purposes only and for discussion with your physician or other healthcare provider. Reliance on any information provided by AGQ, AGQ employees, others appearing on our website at the invitation of AGQ, or other visitors to our website is solely at your own risk.
While we are licensed in California as a clinical laboratory, not all jurisdictions require our Services to be subject to license. Therefore, we are not universally licensed by all state, federal, or international authorities for genetic testing conducted for health and disease-related purposes. In addition, there are certain jurisdictions in which we do not offer our Services because we do not have required licenses.
You understand that information you learn from AGQ is not designed to independently diagnose, prevent, or treat any condition or disease or to ascertain the state of your health in the absence of medical and clinical information. You understand that the AGQ services are intended for research, informational, and educational purposes only, and that while AGQ information might point to a diagnosis or to a possible treatment, it should always be confirmed and supplemented by additional medical and clinical testing and information. You acknowledge that AGQ urges you to seek the advice of your physician or other health care provider if you have questions or concerns arising from your Testing Information.
You give permission to AGQ, its contractors, successors and assignees to perform testing services on your water sample and you specifically request AGQ to disclose the results of analyses performed on your water sample to you and to others you specifically authorize.
You are guaranteeing that any sample you provide is your own; if you are agreeing to these TOS on behalf of a person for whom you have legal authorization, you are confirming that the sample provided will be the sample of that person.
If you are a customer outside the U.S. providing a water sample, you confirm that this act is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside.
You agree that any water sample you provide and all resulting data may be transferred and/or processed outside the country in which you reside.
You are warranting that you are not an insurance company or an employer attempting to obtain information about an insured person or an employee.
You understand that all your Personal Information will be stored in AGQ databases and will be processed in accordance with the AGQ Privacy Statement.
Waiver of Property Rights: You understand that by providing any sample, having your Testing Information processed, accessing your Testing Information, or providing Self-Reported Information, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products that may be developed by AGQ or its collaborating partners. You specifically understand that you will not receive compensation for any research or commercial products that include or result from your Testing Information or other submitted Information.
You agree that you have the authority, under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you reside, to provide these representations. In case of breach of any one of these representations AGQ has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof) and you will defend and indemnify AGQ and its affiliates against any liability, costs, or damages arising out of the breach of the representation.
In consideration of your use of the Services, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete Registration Information about yourself as prompted by the Service; and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any Registration Information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if AGQ has a reasonable ground to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, AGQ has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). The Services are for use only in the country to which your sample collection kit was shipped from AGQ.
After you have purchased our Service, you will create a password and account designation. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. If you allow third parties to access AGQ’s website through your username and password, you will defend and indemnify AGQ and its affiliates against any liability, costs, or damages, including attorney fees, arising out of claims or suits by such third parties based upon or relating to such access and use. You agree to (a) immediately notify AGQ of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. AGQ cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
In order to use the Services, you must first acknowledge and agree to the Privacy Statement. You may not use the Services if you do not accept the Privacy Statement. You can acknowledge and agree to the Privacy Statement by (1) clicking to accept or agree to the Privacy Statement, where this option is made available to you by AGQ for any Service; or by (2) actually using the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that AGQ has the right to monitor any use of its systems by its personnel at any time and maintain copies documenting such monitoring. Our Privacy Statement sets forth the only expectations of privacy any individual should have in terms of usage of the AGQ Services, website, or other systems. If you have given consent for your Testing Information to be used in AGQ Research as described in the applicable Consent Document, we may include your information in the Aggregated Testing Information and Self-Reported Information we disclose to third parties for the purpose of publication in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. AGQ Research may be sponsored by, conducted on behalf of, or in collaboration with third parties, such as non-profit foundations, academic institutions or pharmaceutical companies. AGQ Research may study a specific group or population, identify potential areas or targets for therapeutics development, conduct or support the development of drugs, diagnostics or devices to diagnose, predict or treat medical or other health conditions, work with public, private and/or non-profit entities on genetic research initiatives, or otherwise create, commercialize, and apply this new knowledge to improve health care. AGQ will never release your individual-level Testing Information or Personal Information to any third party without asking for and receiving your explicit consent to do so, unless required by law.
Further, you acknowledge and agree that AGQ is free to preserve and disclose any and all Personal Information to law enforcement agencies or others if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (such as a judicial proceeding, court order, or government inquiry) or obligations that AGQ may owe pursuant to ethical and other professional rules, laws, and regulations; (b) enforce the AGQ TOS; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AGQ, its employees, its users, its clients, and the public. In such event we will notify you through the contact information you have provided to us in advance, unless doing so would violate the law or a court order. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Services, including your Personal Information, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks, or devices. Finally, AGQ may, in its sole discretion, restrict access to the website for any reason.
Please refer to our Privacy Statement to read about data protection related to your information. See our complete Privacy Statement here.
You acknowledge that all User Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person from which such User Content originated. This means that you, and not AGQ, are entirely responsible for all User Content that you upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit via the Service.
You acknowledge that the Services content presented to you as part of the Services, whether original AGQ Services content or sponsored content within the Services, is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights that are owned by AGQ and/or the sponsors who provide that content to AGQ (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). AGQ grants you a Limited License to copy and distribute free of charge, for non-commercial purposes only, any of the Services content with the exception of content marked as not subject to this Limited License on the website, provided you: (i) provide the Services content as it appears on the AGQ website with no changes including but not limited to presenting selections which might tend to misrepresent the substance of the Services content; (ii) include the following attribution on the first page of any materials you distribute: © AGQ USA. 2007-2017. All rights reserved; distributed pursuant to a Limited License from AGQ; (iii) agree you have no right to offer anyone else any further right with respect to this Services content. Aside from the Limited License provided in this paragraph, you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on this Services content (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by AGQ or by the owners of that content, in a separate agreement.
As a condition of your use of the Services, you warrant to AGQ that you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, or notices. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Services or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Services. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Services. You may not use the Services outside of the country to which your sample collection kit was shipped from AGQ. Furthermore you agree not to use the Services to: (1) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that is derogatory, defamatory, obscene, or offensive, such as slurs, epithets, or anything that might reasonably be construed as harassment or disparagement based on race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, religious or political beliefs, or other statutorily protected status; (2) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, anyone affiliated with AGQ, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (3) add your own headers, forge headers, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Service; (4) "stalk" or otherwise harass another; (5) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); (6) use any information received through the Services to attempt to identify other customers, to contact other customers, or for any forensic use; (7) download any file posted by another user of the Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot legally be distributed in such manner; (8) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of AGQ or any other party; (9) harm minors in any way; (10) advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such area specifically allows such messages; (11) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such purpose and only to the extent such content is authorized by law; (12) upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (13) use manual or automated software, devices, scripts robots, other means or processes to access, "scrape," "crawl" or "spider" any web pages or other services contained in the site, unless explicitly permitted by AGQ; (14) engage in "framing," "mirroring," or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of AGQ’s website; (15) attempt to or actually override any security component of AGQ web services; (16) interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Service; (17) violate these Terms of Service, any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular area of the Service or have been communicated to you by anyone affiliated with AGQ; or (18) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or any regulations having the force of law.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for (and that AGQ has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under the TOS and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which AGQ may suffer) of any such breach. In case of breach of any one of these agreements AGQ has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof) and you will defend and indemnify AGQ and its affiliates against any liability, costs, or damages arising out of the breach of the representation.
If you violate the terms of this Section and/or AGQ has a reasonable ground to suspect that you have violated the terms of this Section, AGQ has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree 1) that providing your sample is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside, 2) that your sample and data may be transferred and/or processed outside the country in which you reside, and 3) that you will comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country from which you access AGQ’s Services online.
AGQ will not, at all times, control any of the User Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of such non-AGQ content. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Under no circumstances will AGQ be liable in any way for any non-AGQ content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any such content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content posted, emailed, or otherwise transmitted via the Services.
You acknowledge that AGQ and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, review, filter, modify, refuse, or move any content that is available via the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, AGQ and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the TOS or is deemed by AGQ, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.
User Content. AGQ does not claim ownership of the User Content you provide to AGQ (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input, or submit to the Service. Unless otherwise specified, you retain copyright and any other rights you already hold over User Content that you create and submit, post, or display on or through the Services. However, by submitting, posting, or displaying User Content, you give AGQ, its affiliated companies, sublicensees (including but not limited to sublicensees who avail themselves of the Limited License granted in Section 9 above) and successors and assigns a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute, reproduce, edit, reformat, and create derivative works from any User Content that you submit, post, or display on or through the Services. You acknowledge and agree that this license includes a right for AGQ to make such User Content available to other companies, organizations, or individuals with whom AGQ has relationships, and to use such User Content in connection with the provision of those services.
You understand that AGQ, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users, may (a) transmit or distribute your User Content over various public networks and in various media; and (b) make such changes to your content as are necessary to conform and adapt that content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services, or media. You acknowledge and agree that this license shall permit AGQ to take these actions. You represent and warrant to AGQ that you have all the rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the above license.
Genetic and/or Self-Reported Information. Disclosure of individual-level Genetic and/or Self- Reported Information to third parties will not occur without explicit consent, unless required by law. Note that AGQ cannot control any further distribution of Testing or Personal Information that you share publicly on the AGQ website. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for protecting and enforcing those rights and that AGQ has no obligation to do so on your behalf.
Your sample, once submitted to and analyzed by us, is processed in an irreversible manner and cannot be returned to you. See our website for more information on sample processing. Any Testing Information derived from your sample remains your information, subject to rights we retain as set forth in these TOS. You understand that you should not expect any financial benefit from AGQ as a result of having your Testing Information processed; made available to you; or, as provided in our Privacy Statement and Terms of Service, shared with or included in Testing Information shared with research partners, including commercial partners.
Waiver of Property Rights. As stated above, you understand that by providing any sample, having your Genetic Information processed, accessing your Genetic Information, or providing Self-Reported Information, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products that may be developed by AGQ or its collaborating partners. You specifically understand that you will not receive compensation for any research or commercial products that include or result from your Testing Information.
You agree to defend and hold AGQ, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, contractors, partners, employees, successors, and assigns harmless from any claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of User Content you submit, post to, or transmit through the Service; your use of the Service; your connection to the Service; your violation of the TOS; or your violation of any rights of another.
If you have submitted a sample or otherwise provided your own Testing Information, you will defend and hold harmless AGQ, its employees, contractors, successors, and assigns from any liability arising out of the use or disclosure of any information obtained from genotyping your saliva sample and/or analyzing your Testing Information, which is disclosed to you consistent with our Privacy Statement or results from any third-party add-ons to tools we provide. In addition, if you choose to provide your Testing Information to third parties - whether individuals to whom you facilitate access, intentionally or inadvertently, or to third parties for diagnostic or other purposes - you agree to defend and hold harmless AGQ, its employees, contractors, successors, and assigns from any and all liability arising from such disclosure or use of your Testing Information.
Other than pursuant to the terms of the Limited License in Section 9 of this TOS or unless otherwise agreed in a separate agreement between you and AGQ, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer, or transmit for any commercial purposes, all or any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
You acknowledge that AGQ may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Services, including without limitation the maximum number of days that Personal Information and Services content will be retained by the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on AGQ’s servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Services in a given period of time. You acknowledge and agree that AGQ has no responsibility or liability for the deletion of or failure to store any messages, other communications, or other content maintained or transmitted by the Services; or for the loss of Genetic Information due to malfunction or destruction of data servers or other catastrophic events. You further acknowledge that AGQ reserves the right to change these general practices and limits in its sole discretion.
AGQ reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You acknowledge and agree that (i) modifications may result in a delay in computations for some of the AGQ features or Services, and (ii) AGQ shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services.
The Software that you use may from time to time automatically download and install updates from AGQ. These updates are designed to improve, enhance, and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules, and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit AGQ to deliver these to you) as part of your use of the Services.
You acknowledge that AGQ may offer different or additional technologies or features to collect Testing Information in the future and that your initial purchase of the Service does not entitle you to any different or additional technologies or features for collection or interpretation of your Testing Information without fee, and that you will have to pay additional fees in order to have your Testing Information collected and/or processed using any future or additional technologies or features.
If you want to terminate your legal agreement with AGQ, you may do so by notifying AGQ at any time in writing, which will entail closing your accounts for all of the Services that you use. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to AGQ’s address, which is set out at the beginning of the TOS, or online via Customer Care. If you provide notice online, AGQ will send you an email asking you to confirm your request, and your notice will be effective following receipt of a second email confirmation from you.
AGQ may at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you (and in conjunction therewith, your password and account(s)) if: (1) you have breached any provision of the TOS (or have acted in manner which shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with, the provisions of the TOS); (2) AGQ is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Services to you is, or becomes, unlawful); (3) the partner with whom AGQ offered the Services to you has terminated its relationship with AGQ or ceased to offer the Services to you; (4) AGQ is transitioning to no longer providing the Services to users in the country or state in which you reside or from which you use the Services; or (5) the provision of the Services to you by AGQ is, in AGQ’s sole opinion, no longer commercially viable.
Any suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of the Services may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. You acknowledge and agree that AGQ shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Services.
When the TOS come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations, and liabilities that you and AGQ have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time while the TOS have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of sections 1.(Definitions); 2.(Acceptance of Terms); 3.(Prerequisites); 4.(Description of the Services); 5.(Risks and Considerations Regarding AGQ Services); 6.(User Representations); 7.(Account Creation, Customer Account, Password and Security Obligations); 8.(AGQ Privacy Statement and Disclosure of Information); 10.(Customer Conduct - Unlawful and Prohibited Use); 11.(Export Control and Applicable Laws and Regulations); 12.(Material Posted through the Service); 13.(Material Provided to AGQ - Your Proprietary Rights); 14.(Indemnity); 15.(No Resale of Services); 18.(Termination); 19.(Survival of Terms); 20.(Dealings with Information Providers and Listed Resources); 21.(Hyperlinks and AGQ Website); 22.( AGQ Proprietary Rights); 23.(DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES); 24.(LIMITATION OF LIABILITY); 25.(Notice); 27.(Violation or Suspected Violation of Terms of Service); and 28.(Miscellaneous) shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations, and liabilities indefinitely.
Your correspondence or business dealings with-or participation in promotions of-information providers, vendors, and/or resources found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such information provider or resource. You acknowledge and agree that AGQ shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such information provider or resources on the Service.
The Service provides, and third parties may provide, links to other sites and resources on the Internet. Because AGQ has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that AGQ is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that AGQ shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such hyperlinked site or resource.
You acknowledge and agree that AGQ (or AGQ’s licensors, as applicable) own all legal right, title, and interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights (including but not limited to patents) which subsist in the Services (whether those rights happen to be registered or not, and wherever in the world those rights may exist). You further acknowledge that the Services may contain information which is designated confidential by AGQ and that you shall not disclose such information without AGQ’s prior written consent.
You further acknowledge and agree that the Services and any necessary software used in connection with the Services ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that information presented to you through the Services or sponsors is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by AGQ, you agree not to-and not to permit anyone else to-modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Services or Software or any part thereof, in whole or in part. Software, if any, that is made available to download from the Services, excluding software that may be made available by end-users through the Services, is the copyrighted work of AGQ and/or its suppliers. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms.
AGQ USA, AGQ Labs, and other AGQ logos and product and service names are trademarks of AGQ and these marks together with any other AGQ trade names, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features are the " AGQ Marks". Unless you have agreed otherwise in writing with AGQ, other than through the Limited License in Section 9, nothing in the TOS gives you a right to use any AGQ Marks and you agree not to display, or use in any manner, AGQ Marks.
You agree that you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trade mark notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the Services.
Unless you have been expressly authorized to do so in writing by AGQ, you agree that in using the Services, you will not use any trade mark, service mark, trade name, logo of any company or organization in a way that is likely or intended to cause confusion about the owner or authorized user of such marks, names, or logos.
For any Software not accompanied by a License Agreement, AGQ grants you a personal, non- transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer. You may not (and may not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by AGQ, in writing. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by AGQ, in the manner permitted by the TOS. Unless AGQ has given you specific written permission to do so, you may not assign (or grant a sublicense of) your rights to use the Software, grant a security interest in or over your rights to use the Software, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by AGQ for use in accessing the Service. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. AGQ may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on or through the Services.
Additionally, AGQ accepts service of process at this address. Any notices that you provide without compliance with this section on Notices shall have no legal effect.
AGQ may make changes to the TOS from time to time. When these changes are made, AGQ will make a new copy of the TOS available on its website and any new additional terms will be made available to you from within, or through, the affected Services.
You acknowledge and agree that if you use the Services after the date on which the TOS have changed, AGQ will treat your use as acceptance of the updated TOS.
If you violate the terms of these TOS and/or AGQ has a reasonable ground to suspect that you have violated the terms of these TOS, AGQ has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof).
Entire Agreement. The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and AGQ and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and AGQ on this subject. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content, or third-party software.
Applicable law and arbitration. Except for any disputes relating to intellectual property rights, obligations, or any infringement claims, any disputes with AGQ arising out of or relating to the Agreement ("Disputes") shall be governed by California law regardless of your country of origin or where you access AGQ, and notwithstanding of any conflicts of law principles and the United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods. Any Disputes shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration under the rules and auspices of the American Arbitration Association, to be held in Ventura County, California, in English, with a written decision stating legal reasoning issued by the arbitrator(s) at either party's request, and with arbitration costs and reasonable documented attorneys' costs of both parties to be borne by the party that ultimately loses. Either party may obtain injunctive relief (preliminary or permanent) and orders to compel arbitration or enforce arbitral awards in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Waiver. The failure of AGQ to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect.
Term for cause of action. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Services or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Admissibility of printed version. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Section titles. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Severability Clause. If any portion of these TOS is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
Amendments. We reserve the right to modify, supplement or replace the terms of the Agreement, effective upon posting at www.agq.com or notifying you otherwise. If you do not want to agree to changes to the Agreement, you can terminate the Agreement at any time per Section 18 (Termination).
Assignment: You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Agreement. Any purported assignment and delegation shall be ineffective. We may freely assign or delegate all rights and obligations under the Agreement, fully or partially without notice to you. We may also substitute, by way of unilateral novation, effective upon notice to you, AGQ for any third party that assumes our rights and obligations under this Agreement.
We require that each person reads, acknowledges, and agrees to the terms in this Consent and Legal Agreement before his or her sample will be processed.
You are reading this because you have decided to use the AGQ service to help you access and understand your genetic information. We want you to understand the context of the genetic information you will access as well as potential consequences of knowing it. Once you obtain your genetic information, the knowledge is irrevocable.
While certain test results are associated with a higher incidence of certain diseases or health conditions in certain populations, accessing information through AGQ does not translate into a personal prediction. This is the case for several reasons. First, Testing Information is usually just one factor in whether a person develops a disease or other health-related traits. Other factors include environmental conditions and how your genetic profile responds to these external conditions (gene/environment interactions). Second, our current understanding of the genetics of any particular disease or condition may be incomplete. For example, we may know that a particular SNP in a gene is associated, by proxy, with a disease, but not that a yet-unidentified SNP in another gene is also associated with that disease. Even after identifying a second, third or even fourth gene associated with a genetically complex disease, it's still unclear if these genes work in concert or are independent players. SNP associations also don't necessarily identify the biologically relevant factors involved in a disease, but may simply be locational markers that flag a particular genetic involvement. Third, gene/disease associations are typically based on ethnicity, and studies are generally conducted in limited populations. That is, 1) they may provide understanding of a disease in a specific population, but not to any single member of the population, and 2) the associations may not have been studied in many world populations and may not apply in the same or similar ways across populations.
The genetic information provided by AGQ about potential health conditions should not be used to estimate your overall risk of future disease. The available genetic information could indicate higher risk and you might never get the disease. The available genetic information could indicate lower or average risk and you might already have or get the disease in the future. Furthermore, the AGQ Personal Genome Service is not a test or kit designed to diagnose disease or medical conditions, and it is not intended to be medical advice. If you have concerns or questions about what you learn through AGQ, you should contact your physician or other appropriate professional.
While we measure many hundreds of thousands of data points from your test sample, only a small percentage of them are known to be related to human traits or health conditions. The research community is rapidly learning more about genetics, and an important mission of AGQ is to conduct and contribute to this research. By obtaining AGQ’s services, you are agreeing to contribute your genetic information to our research efforts as described below. These efforts could translate into meaningful information about your genetics.
You should not assume that any information we may be able to provide to you, whether now or as genetic research advances, will be welcome or positive. You should also understand that as research advances, in order for you to assess the meaning of your DNA in the context of such advances, you may need to obtain further services from AGQ.
You may learn information about yourself that you do not anticipate. This information may evoke strong emotions and has the potential to alter your life and worldview. You may discover things about yourself that trouble you and that you may not have the ability to control or change. These outcomes could have social, legal, or economic implications.
The laboratory process may result in errors. A small, unknown fraction of the data generated during the laboratory process may be un-interpretable or incorrect.
You should not change your health behaviors on the basis of this information. For most common diseases, the genes we know about are only responsible for a small fraction of the risk. There may be unknown genes, environmental factors or lifestyle choices that are far more important predictors. If your data indicate that you are not at elevated genetic risk for a particular disease or condition, you should not feel that you are protected. The opposite is also true; if your data indicate you are at an elevated genetic risk for a particular disease or condition, it does not mean you will develop the disease or condition. In either case, if you have concerns or questions about what you learn through AGQ, you should contact your physician or other appropriate professional.
Genetic research is not comprehensive. Many ethnic groups are not included in genetic studies. Because interpretations provided in our service rely on these published studies, some interpretations may not apply to you.
Future scientific research may change the interpretation of your sample. In the future, the scientific community may show previous research to be incomplete or inaccurate.
Any data you share with others could be used against your interests. You should be careful about sharing your genetic information with others. Currently, very few businesses or insurance companies request genetic information, but this could change in the future. Your legal protection against discrimination by employers and health insurance companies for employment and coverage issues has not been clearly established. Some, but not all, states and other jurisdictions have laws that protect individuals from this kind of conduct.
Testing information that you choose to share with your doctor may become part of your medical record and through that route be accessible to health care providers and insurance companies in the future. Testing information that you share with family, friends or employers may be used against your interests. Even if you share genetic information that has no or limited meaning today, that information could have greater meaning in the future as new discoveries are made. If you are asked by an insurance company whether you have learned genetic information about health conditions and you do not disclose this to them, this may be considered to be fraud.
Account Information: When you sign up for our service, AGQ will collect and store information about you. This information includes contact and payment information and is maintained separately from your genetic data and is not used in genetic research. Account information will be used to transact your purchase and may be used to improve our services and create new features. See our Privacy Statement for further details on data usage and protection.
Data: The laboratory processing your sample will analyze your sample to determine your Testing Information. The laboratory will not analyze your sample for any biological or chemical components, markers or agents other than glyphosate. The laboratory will not have access to your name or your other personal information. A unique bar code will allow AGQ to link data derived from your sample to your account. After analysis, your remaining samples will be destroyed.
Security: AGQ employs robust security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. Our security program includes regular audits of our security measures and systems. As with any security system, we cannot guarantee that our systems can never be breached.
Access: Except as described in this Consent and Legal Agreement, external parties will not be given any of your information without your consent, except as required to comply with legal requirements under applicable laws. Even if we are legally compelled to provide information, we will attempt to notify you before providing your information to external parties unless prohibited by law.
Account Deletion: You have the right to delete your information from our systems. Within thirty (30) days of receiving your written request, we will delete your account, and your information will not be included in any future research, including future research by other organizations. Any research conducted prior to the end of the thirty (30) day period following receipt of your request will not be altered or halted. Once your account is deleted it will not be retrievable. For purposes of clarity, any user-generated content you contribute will not be deleted and your genetic information associated only by barcode may be retained at the laboratory.
AGQ Sponsored Research: We will analyze your voluntarily contributed information as part of our scientific research with the purpose of advancing the field of genetics and human health; your account information will never be associated with this research. We may also analyze your genetic and other contributed personal information for the purpose of reviewing, improving, and expanding our features and services. We may ask you questions and you may choose to give us information about yourself through surveys or other features on our website. Contributed personal information might include age, sex, geographic ancestry, attitudes and health conditions you have experienced. Providing such contributed personal information is entirely voluntary and is not required as part of your use of this Service.
Collaborative Research: AGQ may enter into partnerships with other investigators and organizations—non-profit and/or commercial—that conduct scientific research. Prior to embarking on any such projects, AGQ will establish a research advisory committee to guide such collaborations. AGQ may grant researchers associated with partner organizations access to aggregated data from our database of genetic and other contributed personal information for specific research queries. AGQ will only provide individual level data to external researchers upon individual consent from each customer. In addition, we will ensure that such research partners obtain clearance from institutional review boards, as appropriate, and agree to maintain confidentiality consistent with our privacy statement. Once information is shared with research partners, we cannot guarantee that it will be destroyed upon request.
Publication: One of our goals is to advance knowledge in the field of human genetics. Therefore AGQ intends to publish robust results of scientific studies that we conduct or that are conducted with our research partners. AGQ will not include any element of your account information in scientific publications.
Together with all of the terms and conditions in this Consent and Legal Agreement, by clicking below:
You understand that information you learn from AGQ is not designed to diagnose, prevent, or treat any condition or disease or to ascertain the state of your health and that you understand that the AGQ services are intended for educational, informational, and research purposes only. You acknowledge that AGQ urges you to seek the advice of health professionals if you have questions or concerns arising from your genetic information.
You give permission to AGQ , its contractors, and assignees to perform genotyping services on the DNA extracted from your saliva sample and to disclose the results of analyses performed on your DNA to you and others you specifically authorize.
You are guaranteeing that the sample you provide is your own; if you are completing this consent form on behalf of a person for whom you have legal authorization, you are confirming that the sample provided will be the sample of that person. If you are a customer outside the U.S., by providing your sample, you confirm that this act is not subject to any export ban or restriction in the country in which you reside.
You agree that your sample and data may be transferred and/or processed outside the country in which you reside.
You take responsibility for all possible consequences resulting from your sharing access to your genetic and other contributed information.
You acknowledge that AGQ may enter into partnerships with other non-profit or commercial organizations to conduct scientific research on data collected by AGQ. You give permission to AGQ, its assigns, and its non-profit and commercial partners conducting scientific research to publish results of research as described herein.
You understand that you should not expect any financial benefit from AGQ as a result of having your genetic data processed or shared with research partners, including commercial partners. Please see our terms of service for a complete understanding of financial and other terms applicable to our services.
You may not—and you may not permit anyone else to—copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the AGQ proprietary software or any part thereof.
You agree that this Consent and Legal Agreement will be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of California, and that any disputes arising from this Consent and Legal Agreement will be resolved by binding arbitration in Ventura County, California under the Rules of the American Arbitration Association.
You will hold harmless AGQ, its employees, contractors, successors, and assigns from any liability arising out of the use or disclosure of any information that is obtained from genotyping your saliva sample, that is disclosed to you consistent with our privacy statement and resulting from any third-party add-ons to tools we provide. In addition, if you choose to provide your genetic or other contributed personal information to third parties-whether individuals to whom you facilitate access, intentionally or inadvertently, or to third parties for diagnostic or other purposes-you agree to hold harmless AGQ, its employees, contractors, successors, and assigns from any and all liability arising from such disclosure or use of your genetic or other contributed personal data. Please see our terms of service for a complete understanding of other terms applicable to our services.
You agree that you have the authority, under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which you reside, to provide this consent.
Waiver of Property Rights: You understand that by providing your sample and having your data processed, you acquire no rights in any research or commercial products that may be developed by AGQ or its collaborating partners. You specifically understand that you will not receive compensation for any research or commercial products that include your genetic or other contributed personal data.

• This is a Temp to Hire position. CLIENT would only want to interview candidates that are wanting permanent fulltime positions – 40 hour work week. PLEASE RUN 10 YEAR BG Hours: 6AM – 3PM – 1 hour – M – F Must be flexible with hours between 6AM and 5PM; will be required to work multiple shifts based on coverage needed. 8 hour work day. Customer Service, Computer Skills (interm/adv), verbal/written skills must be sharp. Team Player – works well with others. Technical aptitude with printers, copy and postage machines and other office equipment. Good customer service skills. Good organization skills.
• Floater position that will support all areas within the receiving/scanning area: mail sorting, package/mail delivery to customer, mail look-ups, date/time stamp, scanning/indexing incoming mail, Use tracking system for checking in/out accountable mail. Must know how to work with in different programs with hour any challenges using a computer/scanner and can manage multiple user names/passwords.
• Provides operations functions in one or all of the following areas: operates high volume duplicating equipment, performs associated copying tasks, operates high volume document scanning equipment, operate high volume mail processing equipment. Ships and receives product and supplies, sorts, distributes and handles incoming and outgoing mail/faxes, as well as applies necessary postage. Provides copier maintenance and/or repair of customer site equipment. May also perform one of the following at entry level: bindery, QC and final check, housekeeping, file services, call center representative, etc. This position reports directly to the Site Manager, Site Supervisor or Assistant Site Manager, depending on site personnel configuration.
• Runs high volume copy machines and performs binding and finishing work. Operate high volume scanners. Operate image handling software. Operate MS Office and Email systems. Ensures convenience copiers are working properly, checking for quality via daily inspections. Clears paper jams and informs technicians of specific problems. Maintains records for management reports and inventories of supplies needed. Distributes office supplies, fax transmissions and mail to company personnel and/or designated drop-off points as required. Calculates charges for jobs performed and maintains some billing logs. Responds to and coordinates all service calls required by customer. May perform filing duties in conjunction with specific customer requests. Delivers completed jobs to pre-determined customer locations within and outside of the site. Maintains daily meter and service logs. May travel between customer''s buildings. Answers customer questions regarding status or feasibility of job requests. Ensures upkeep of convenience copier areas by keeping neat and well stocked. Performs duties related to the shipping and/or receiving of materials. Uses shrink-wrap machine, paper cutter, hole driller, bindery equipment, jogger, tape machine, stackers, electric stapler and scales in completion of various jobs contracted. Uses all copier equipment, calculator, fax machine, postage meter and some PC. Performs filing duties, which may include ‘purging’ and archiving old documents. Performs other duties as assigned.
• This is a floater position that can cover multiple shifts in the mail/scanning services area. Person will also be responsible for reviewing calendar for scheduled training room setups. Will setup and breakdown chairs and tables, per customers request. Candidate must be flexible with hours between 6AM - 5PM when covering team members. Must have intermediate computer skills, proven customer service experience and excellent verbal and written skills.
Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender (expression or identity), national origin, arrest and conviction records, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California will be administered in accordance with their respective Fair Chance Ordinances.
Rose International has an official agreement (ID #132522), effective June 30, 2008, with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Employment Verification Program (E-Verify).
Double knockout pool almost decided for 2018 Canadian Olympic Mixed Doubles Curling Trials - Canadian Sport Scene
We now know seven of the eight teams who will participate in the double knockout portion of the 2018 Canadian Olympic Mixed Doubles Curling Trials in Portage La Prairie, Manitoba.
In Pool A, Jocelyn Peterman of Red Deer, Alberta and Brett Gallant of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island went through undefeated at 8-0. They are joined in Pool A by Jennifer Jones of Winnipeg, Manitoba and Mark Nichols of Labrador City, Newfoundland (6-2) and Jill Officer and Reid Carruthers of Winnipeg, Manitoba (5-3).
In Pool B, Laura Crocker of Edmonton, Alberta and Geoff Walker of Beaverlodge, Alberta went through undefeated at 8-0. They are joined by Dana Ferguson and Brendan Bottcher of Edmonton, Alberta (6-2), Kaitlyn Lawes of Winnipeg, Manitoba and John Morris of Kelowna, British Columbia (5-3) and Val Sweeting of Edmonton, Alberta and Brad Gushue of St. John’s, Newfoundland (5-3).
The final eighth spot who will qualify for double knockout Friday will come from a tie-breaker between Chelsea Carey of Calgary, Alberta and Colin Hodgson of West St. Paul, Manitoba versus Nancy Martin of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and Catlin Schneider of Regina, Saskatchewan Friday morning. In the double knockout, Ferguson and Bottcher will play Lawes and Morris, Jones and Nichols will play Officer and Carruthers, and Crocker and Walker will play Sweeting and Gushue. The tie-break winner will then play Peterman and Gallant.
Four spots will emerge from the double knockout tournament. A page playoff system will then be used to determine the champion. The winner of the 2018 Canadian Olympic Mixed Doubles Curling Trials in Portage La Prairie, Manitoba will represent Canada at the 2018 Olympic Winter Games in Pyeongchang.
Previous Previous post: Crocker/Walker and Ferguson/Bottcher improve to 6-0 at Canadian Olympic Mixed Doubles Curling Trials
Next Next post: Three Olympic gold medalists advance to Page Playoff of Canadian Mixed Doubles Olympic Curling Trials
You’ll complete your degree and land a job in a five-star hotel and everything would be hunky dory. Your guests would adore you and sing your praises. Your boss will love you and grant you extra holidays. You’ll get a fancy salary and be able to afford that car you had always wanted. And you’d always have a home to go to.
That’s never gonna happen. Initially you’ll be full of energy and naturally would want to take up every task your senior asks you to. By a few weeks, that energy would have been consumed by guests who nag you to life and co-workers who are the real life serpents from the Adam and Eve story. And your boss? Whom you used to look up to as THE inspiration? He would become a tick who would continuously suck your blood, feeding on your energy.
And they will call you when you’re not at work. They’ll wake you up at eight when you’re working the afternoon shift and they’ll bother you when you’re out with your friends. So you would be working, even when you’re not.
And your boss will ask you for your ID because he’s too lazy to get his fixed. And then he’ll yell at you for no reason, because that’s how he “jokes” with people.
And there will be days you would want to make all these people stand in one line and shoot them with an AK-47.
If after all this, you’ll still want to go to get that appreciation from that one guest who prefers you over all the others. You’ll still want to go because your G.M thinks highly of you and no matter what your immediate boss says or how big of an ass he is, you know it’s the G.M’s words and vision that matters the most. You go because you love what you do and you will continue to do so. You go because you love the tension, the stress and the adrenaline rush.
You go to work because you’re a hotelier inside and out. So it’s not going to be an easy journey…but hang in there. You’ll find your way.
Hi Zareen, so long since I have been here. We are in the same career path (currently). Hospitality and interacting with fussy customers is just plain hard. I don’t know if its worth it for me.

John in the Revelation writes of the unity of those living on the earth to make void the law of God: “These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast. These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of lords, and King of kings: and they that are with Him are called, and chosen, and faithful.” (Revelation 17:13, 14.) “And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the false prophet.” (Revelation 16:13.) 8MR 344.1
All who will exalt and worship the idol Sabbath, a day that God has not blessed, help the devil and his angels with all the power of their God-given ability, which they have perverted to a wrong use. Inspired by another spirit which blinds their discernment, they cannot see that the exaltation of Sunday observance is entirely the institution of the Catholic church.... 8MR 344.2
Satan is making his last and most powerful efforts for the mastery, his last conflict against the principles of God&apos;s law. A defiant infidelity abounds. 8MR 344.3
After John&apos;s description in Revelation 16 of that miracle working power that was to gather the world to the last great conflict, the symbols are dropped, and the trumpet voice once more gives a certain sound: “Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.” (Revelation 16:15.)—Manuscript 7a, 1896, pp. 2, 3, 10. (Untitled, February 27, 1896.) 8MR 344.4
“And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked (without the robe of Christ&apos;s righteousness) and they see his shame.” (Revelation 16:13-15.)—Letter 141, 1902, p. 6. (To Brother and Sister Haskell, September 10, 1902.) 8MR 345.1
There will be seducing spirits and doctrines of devils in the midst of the church, and these evil influences will increase; but hold fast the beginning of your confidence firm unto the end.—Manuscript 61, 1906, 2. (“Hold Fast the Beginning of Your Confidence,” June 29, 1906.) 8MR 345.2
Satan and his angels will appear on this earth as men, and will mingle with those of whom God&apos;s Word says, “Some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils.” (1 Timothy 4:1.)—Letter 147, 1903, p. 3. (To Brother and Sister Farnsworth, July 14, 1903.) 8MR 345.3
When these spiritualistic deceptions are revealed to be what they really are—the secret workings of evil spirits—those who have acted a part in them will become as men who have lost their minds.—Letter 311, 1905, p. 5. (To Brethren Daniells and Prescott, and Their Associates, October 30, 1905.) 8MR 345.4
We are approaching the end of this earth&apos;s history, and Satan is working as never before. He is striving to act as director of the Christian world. With an intensity that is marvelous he is working with his lying wonders. Satan is represented as walking about as a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. He desires to embrace the whole world in his confederacy. Hiding his deformity under the garb of Christianity, he assumes the attributes of a Christian, and claims to be Christ Himself.—Manuscript 125, 1901, 6. (“The Unchangeable Law of God,” December 9, 1901.) 8MR 346.1
Satan himself will personate Christ, declaring that he is the Son of God. One will say, “Christ is here;” another, “He is there;” and still another that He is somewhere else.—Manuscript 110, 1901, 12. (“The Christian Hope,” Sermon, October 5, 1901.) 8MR 346.2
Satan will work ... wonders before men to make the world believe him to be Christ, come the second time to our world. He transforms himself into an angel of light, but while he bears the appearance in every particular as far as appearance goes, he is not Christ.—Letter 46, 1889, p. 2. (To “Brethren in Healdsburg,” January 10, 1889.) 8MR 346.3
The mighty angel from heaven is to “lighten the earth with His glory” (Revelation 18:1), while he cries mightily with a loud voice, “Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen” (Verse 2).... 8MR 346.4
We would lose faith and courage in the conflict if we were not sustained by the power of God. 8MR 346.5
Every form of evil is to spring into intense activity. Evil angels unite their powers with evil men, and, as they have been in constant conflict and attained an experience in the best modes of deception and battle, and have been strengthening for centuries, they will not yield the last great final contest without a desperate struggle. All the world will be on one side or the other of the question. The battle of Armageddon will be fought, and that day must find none of us sleeping. Wide awake we must be, as wise virgins having oil in our vessels with our lamps. What is this?—Grace. Grace! 8MR 347.1
The power of the Holy Ghost must be upon us and the Captain of the Lord&apos;s host will stand at the head of the angels of heaven to direct the battle.—Letter 112, 1890, pp. 3, 4. (To Edson and Emma, and Willie White, December 22, 1890.) 8MR 347.2
In the day of His [Christ&apos;s] coming, the last great trumpet is heard, and there is a terrible shaking of earth and heaven. The whole earth, from the loftiest mountains to the deepest mines, will hear. Everything will be penetrated by fire. The tainted atmosphere will be cleansed by fire. 8MR 347.3
The fire having fulfilled its mission, the dead that have been laid away in the grave will come forth—some to the resurrection of life, to be caught up to meet their Lord in the air; and some to behold the coming of Him whom they have despised, and whom they now recognize as the judge of all the earth. 8MR 347.4
All the righteous are untouched by the flames.... Earthquakes, hurricanes, flame, and flood cannot injure those who are prepared to meet their Saviour in peace. But those who rejected our Saviour, and scourged and crucified Him, will be among those who will be raised from the dead to behold His coming in the clouds of heaven, attended by the heavenly host—ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands.—Manuscript 159, 1903, 5. (“A Message to Leading Physicians,” September 4, 1903.) 8MR 347.5
The Son of man will come in the clouds of heaven in his own glory and the glory of His Father, and of all the holy angels. There will be no lack of honor and glory. In that day the law of God is to be revealed in its majesty, and man, who has broken that law and stood in defiant rebellion against its holy precepts, will understand that that law which he has despised, discarded and trampled under foot is God&apos;s standard of character.—Manuscript 39, 1898, 6. (“The Day of Reckoning,” November 22, 1898.) 8MR 348.1
The trump of God will be heard resounding through earth&apos;s remotest bounds, and the voice of Jesus will call forth the dead from their graves to immortal life.—Letter 2, 1874, p. 5. (To J. N. Loughborough, August 24, 1874.) 8MR 348.2
The just ... shall come forth from all parts of the earth, from rocky caverns, from dungeons, from caves of the earth, from the waters of the deep—not one is overlooked.—Letter 113, 1886, p. 4. (To Edson and Emma White, July 11, 1886.) 8MR 348.3

i got mine a few years ago, every one of my friends usually calls me Meghs, and i'm obsessed with batman. clearly. if no one can tell then maybe you should get to know me more ^.^
one day, i wanted to switch my email providers from yahoo, to gmail. because clearly, yahoo sucks anymore, its kind of like, internet explorer... where, you can't explore because its soooooo slow.
so, when i made gmail, i typed two t's instead of one, and then when i found my mistake.. or maybe it even was not a mistake? i don't know anymore, maybe i just liked the two t's better?... but i ended up liking it better than batmeghs. because it actually does look better as battmeghs, and i don't know why. buuuut, i ended up wanting everything to match, so, that is how that worked out. so now, skype/aim/email/facebook/twitter .... anything with a user name, its battmeghs. hahahaha
I went to Build-A-Bear online and made a account, the first username I tried didn't work so, I tried something else, that didn't work, and then they gave me Zoebearfun105, and it stuck
My last name is Moya, and I'ma boy, and in elementary school my gym coach called me moyaboya, so I've used that username for everything every since
i got my ign from my dad he is a fan of this guy named jimmy buffet and he used that for about everything and it thought i would use it for one of my accounts a long time ago and it stuck so now i so it
Tell them how you used to be a pro snowboarder and one time you did this sick 1080, and landed horribly and got both your legs cut off, thats right YOU HAVE NO LEGS and the last thing you heard before losing conciousness was: "Wow dude that was a "Crazy 1080"
I was on this other internet game, and we were creating a roleplay. I wanted to have a name other than my user, and at the time I was obsessed with the Inheritance cycle. Katrina just stuck with me and still I think it an epic name. I have NO idea how I came up with Linden (recently I found out it's a type of tree, but I'm sure that's not where it came from), but she was an extra character in the roleplay- my deceased mother. So I was called Katrina Lindendaughter. When I made my MC avatar, I had started using Katrina for everything, but that was taken. Didn't want to have a huge name, so Katrina_Linden it was.
Well. For a start i have a scar accross my left eye (can still see though) yah painful. And i like ninjas. But to be fair doesnt everyone?
XD Calm your roleplaying instincts, Katrina, it's only a giant horde of ninjas seeking to slit your throat I MEAN UH NOTHING
But anyways, I got my nickname because, to be honest, I'm probably a complete nerd. The ninja part comes from me being fascinated with ninjas (seeing I live in Japan and all ), and I've been unnaturally thin all my life so I can "ninja" up trees or fences, things like that.
But anyways, I got my nickname because, to be honest, I'm probably a complete nerd. The ninja part comes from me being fascinated with ninjas (seeing I live in Japan and all ), and I've been unnaturally thin all my life so I can "ninja" up trees or fences, things like that.[/quote Hello Fellow Ninja
Set in South Delhi’s hippest neighborhood of Hauz Khas Village, after scrambling past its barrier, amidst street art peeking out at you, lies “Empowerers.city HKV”
The sensation is instant; this space offers a markedly different experience than anywhere else in Delhi’s urban landscape. Empowerers HKV is a respite from the mundane. Here Entrepreneurs are welcome to work at on their dream projects before they enjoy drinks and meals, mingle and chat the evenings at the varied options outside. Members can either sit alone with their laptops and cappuccinos or network with other young professionals who have rented open desks or private cabins with Empowerers HKV.
So get a glimpse into a world enjoyed by a young crowd of urbanites which is social & has an urban lifestyle. Be a media and design enterprise, digital marketing company or freelancer, experience the new ‘spectacular’ urban landscape where the city’s young have tried and tested their entrepreneurial abilities and creative pursuits.
Being Parallel to New York’s East Village or Deep Ellum of Dallas, Empowerers HKV further affirms its centrality to a young entrepreneur generation not wanting to miss out on Delhi’s cool scene.
In our Hauz Khas plans, we provide you with a mix of everything experience. As we all know that HKV is a place where every feeling carries a beat and to uplift the work culture of a Delhite, we bring the exotic options to all passionate startups, entrepreneurs, and MSME’s. Our Hauz Khas coworking space turns into a ‘mini’ hub for all creative enthusiast, whether be it an artist, a designer or an architect.
As a proud Hauz Khas coworking space, we are determined to deliver promising results which include but are not limited to Super-fast internet, interactive community interaction, and availability of adequate resources.
It takes 10 minutes to reach Empowerers coworking HKV by auto. Our Dedicated shuttle will start soon to offer more convenience.
Yes, besides the soft music, it is a quiet zone. We request informal conversations to happen in the cafeteria or outside.

I am back to announce the winners of our Anything Goes Challenge. Thanks to all the players for joining us this past week.
The additional winners of the images, 1of your choice from Lauretta's Digital Stamps and also 1 from CocoDingo are
Wooohoooo Im soooo excited its nice to win once in awhile :) makes my day bright :) Thank you sooo very much!!!Hugs to all!!!
Thanks so much for choosing my card. Can't believe I won beautiful digi stamps! Congratulations to all the winners.
I was very pleased to find this web-site. I wanted to thanks for your time for this wonderful read!! I definitely enjoying every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post.
A nicely done window treatment is gong to contribute a lot to your interior. The idea seems so simple; however, you still can pay a little more attention to find out the right type of curtain panels and rods that matches up aesthetically with the rest of the interior....
86 Impressive Next Childrens Curtains Image Design86 Impressive Next Childrens Curtains Image Design

In Science, students develop knowledge of scientific concepts through hands-on experiences, as well as the development and application of processes utilized by scientists. Staff utilizes Foss Kits at each grade level to support this development and understanding.
In Social Studies, students develop skills in the overarching areas of global awareness, financial literacy, civic responsibility, and systems thinking. Areas of focus include but are not limited to: political institutions, geographic regions, people and processes, economics, and government and civic roles. Each grade level builds upon one another as students develop knowledge and understanding.
Ever since Trimcraft launched the Simply Creative glitter felt I have been planning lots of fun, sparkly crafts. First up is this no sew rainbow keyring, so easy to make you only need 10 minutes. What you will Need Simply Creative Glitter Felt Scissors Hot Glue Gun Keyring Circle How to Make Take your first … Continue reading No Sew Glitter Rainbow Keyring DIY
I love anything Bee related, so when Dovecraft Bee Happy was launched it was right up my street. As soon as I saw the Bee stamp I knew I wanted to make a printed scarf. What you will Need A plain scarf Iron Black fabric ink and acrylic stamp block Dovecraft Bee Happy clear stamp … Continue reading Hand Stamped Bee Scarf Tutorial
I saw a handbag on the Topshop website the other day, it was covered with lots of pearls, it got me thinking this would be a fab way to use the new pearls and gems from the Simply Creative range. What you will Need A handbag Simply Creative Gems and Pearls A strong glue How … Continue reading Up-cycled Handbag DIY Tutorial
I went shopping a few weeks back and kept seeing funky tassel earrings everywhere. Tassels definitely seem to be on trend at the moment, so I thought I would try my hand at making some. What you will Need Embroidery Thread 2 Cocktail Sticks Earring Fish Hooks Scissors How to Make Take two cocktail sticks … Continue reading DIY Tassel Earrings
This has the strong possibility to be one of my favourite crafts yet, you know when you are trying to find the perfect quote t-shirt but a) can't find one and b) you're not allowed to spend any money on new clothes in 2017, the only option is to get making. I saw an enamel … Continue reading DIY Can I Pet Your Dog Quote T-Shirt
Following Potluck you have chance to improve your English, through lively discussion based on the Socratic method (a form of inquiry and discussion, based on asking and answering questions to stimulate critical thinking and to illuminate ideas).
There are some habits we occasionally do, sometimes unknowingly, that can be quite detrimental to the health of our kidney.
When you always drink water, it can go a long way in preventing kidney stones. This is because the kidney depends on liquids to work properly. So, when the thirst comes with all its might, don’t go all stingy with your water intake. It is good for the health of your baby.
It can be so easy to reach out to the salt shaker and add a little bit, and then some more. Reduce foods and snacks that are high in sodium. Instead, replace these meals with fresh fruits and vegetables.
Exercising can go a long way in keeping the body and cardiovascular system in perfect working conditions. It is good to exercise on a regular basis. You must not hit the gym to exercise. Instead, opt for walking instead of driving, do stretches and many more.
Sleep is very important for your body to heal and renew itself. If the quality of your sleep is not good, it could block your arteries and increase your blood pressure; thus, increasing the likelihood of kidney damage.
Previous PostI will deport Africans including Nigerians without papers in Italy – Toni Iwobi (Watch Video)Next Post​Biafra! Nnamdi Kanu’s brother, reveals who allegedly kidnapped, sold IPOB leader to military	
socks are at least half finished. Had a small setback and had to do some serious tinking, so that’s all right. My new yarn bowl is “da bomb” in the words of a good friend of mine, Ron S. It’s even prettier in person. I love it!
This has been a really long day and so I’m going to wrap this up and go to bed. Tomorrows post will probably be pretty long.

Dundee is in United States, located on the coordinates 45.28 latitude, -123.01 longitude. The time zone is America/Boise (GMT-7) and its currency is USS.
When visiting Dundee, you’ll have plenty of activities, sights and culinary experiences to keep you more than busy!
Riverton is in United States, located on the coordinates 40.52 latitude, -111.94 longitude. The time zone is America/Boise (GMT-7) and its currency is USS.
When visiting Riverton, you’ll have plenty of activities, sights and culinary experiences to keep you more than busy!
The closest airport to Riverton is Salt Lake City International Airport and is about 18.54 miles away.

1.Guangxi Shuya Health Care Products Co. ,Ltdis a company with Professional rest assured pure cotton sanitary napkin,cotton sanitary napkinandnight use sanitary napkin as the main business. We are committed to providing quality service of anion panty linerx229c293n. Guangxi Shuya Health Care Products Co. ,Ltdwas established in 10 years ago, As a company with a high sense of social responsibility, Shuyahas established a high reputation for superior quality and expertise in anion sanitary padsfield
2.Guangxi Shuya Health Care Products Co. ,Ltdis committed to the continuous improvement of theShuyaservice, become a society, customers, shareholders and employees long-term trust of the company. Our Company adhering to pirit of for the sake of customers, and win-win with customers , and through Shuya staff continuous innovation and development to provide first-class pure cotton sanitary napkin of several factors,Low cost sanitary napkin factory,Quality guaranteed anion sanitary pads,High quality materials 8 protection sanitary napkin for enterprises , is what we have been working for. Details:8 protection sanitary napkinA 8 protection sanitary napkin is worn like a diaper during a womans period to absorb her menstrual flow. It is worn externally, between the vulva and a womans undergarment, unlike tampons and menstrual cups which are worn inside the vagina. If a woman does not have sanitary napkins on hand, she might use toilet paper as a temporary substitution.Menstrual pads are made from a range of materials, differing depending on style, country of origin, and brand.Sanitary napkin especially reusable ones, may be visible on full body scanners.8 protection sanitary napkin includes1st layer: Thin silk and soft cotton fast absorption surface allows the liquid to absorb three times faster.2ndlayer: International advanced active oxygen and far IR and anion chip3rd layer: Air laid paper wrapped4th layer: Super absorbent polymer(SAP imported from Japan)5th layer: Professional diversion layer(can accelerate the liquid to proliferate rapidly, is helpful to flicker attracts, prevents the side to leak)6th layer: air laid paper wrapped7th layer: PE breathable leak proof bottom layer8th layer: Adhesive glue release paper
3.With the rapid development of business simultaneously, Shuya always keeps the balance between external opportunities and internal management, attaching great importance to the training and shaping of core competitiveness. The company will take customer service value as the core competitiveness of enterprises. Adhering to spirit of enterprise:acting with integrity , pursuit of excellence, respect for the individual , Shuyastrives to provide customers with The most practical negative ion sanitary napkin. More details in the Shuyaofficial website: www.shuyacare.net




<p>If you\u2019re attending the show in person, you should have already received a code to redeem this year\u2019s digital bonuses\u2014including a Virtual Ticket, which grants on Blizzard account early access to the BlizzCon merch sale. These codes were emailed directly to ticket buyers, so if a friend purchased a ticket for you, check with them for your code.<\/p>\r
<p>If you\u2019re in Europe or the Americas, your order will ship out from the Europe or North America Gear Stores respectively. Not all countries may be eligible to participate, and international shipping rates and other fees may apply. For more information, including how to find out if the Gear Store ships to your region, see the&#160;<a href="https:\/\/us.battle.net\/support\/en\/article\/131888">Blizzard Gear Store Shipping<\/a>&#160;article on our support site.<\/p>\r

Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed made a name for themselves playing vampires in Hollywood, but in real life, the pair is known for their generous hearts and passion, especially towards activism. In 2010, Ian founded the Ian Somerhalder Foundation as a way to educate and make some positive changes to the planet. Over the years, Ian and Nikki’s efforts have helped the organization flourish and grown. The foundation now has a youth outreach program which will ensure that future generations are inspired to continue the ISF mission. Jules Trace, the Director of Youth and Director of Community Outreach for ISF, took time to answer some questions from EcoPlum about the Ian Somerhalder Foundation and its future.
Ian Somerhalder, Founder and President of ISF, and wife Nikki Reed, Vice President of ISF, share a passion for animals, youth and the environment that inspires them to make the world a better place for this and future generations. Their combined efforts are the driving force behind the Ian Somerhalder Foundation. Ian was born and raised in Louisiana. He grew up spending most of his time outdoors where he learned to appreciate the great beauty of nature and to respect the valuable lessons that it can teach us. After witnessing the devastation of Hurricane Katrina and the horrible aftermath of the Gulf Oil Spill just five years later, Ian was overcome by a feeling of helplessness. He was inspired to take action and so, The Ian Somerhalder Foundation was established in November 2010.
The purpose of the Foundation is to advance science; promote the conservation of natural resources, such as forests, lands, and wildlife, for the benefit of the entire community; provide relief to the poor, distressed, and underprivileged; and support other organizations conducting activities under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Our environment functions as an interdependent system. Plants, animals and humans depend upon one another for survival and each person plays a unique role in the future of all life on this planet. The problems we face require a cohesive approach that does not sacrifice one component over another. ISF empowers human action through programs and collaborations that promote education, innovation and build skills in empathy and effective leadership. ISF engages and supports youth – one of our most powerful, yet often disregarded, groups. Through programs, partnerships, grants, media initiatives and campaigns, ISF provides support for organizational and grassroots efforts that protect and restore our planet.
After 7+ years with the Foundation, this answer comes from the fullest, most appreciative part of my heart. My name is Jules Trace and I am the Director of Youth and Director of Community Outreach for ISF.
I am a self-proclaimed animal enthusiast, dating back to my earliest memories as a child. I have a tie dye personality, ruled by happiness and consumed by appreciation for all living creatures. As I got older, an additional passion started to develop for inspiring and uplifting children, too. I obtained my teaching degree in Special Education. I realized that creating heart connected, mentally inspiring awareness is the key to developing true passion and generating real change. With my inherit love and appreciation for the underserved, both creatures and youth, I knew my future had to combine those passions.
I was first inspired by ISF when I heard of Ian Somerhalder himself, getting his hands dirty and using his voice to make goals of powerful change with his namesake Foundation. I began my volunteerism as the “Kids Manager” within the first few months of the Foundation’s inception. With our Team’s inspiration and motivation to create a hands-on project for children of all ages and abilities, a program was born simply from love, strength and many voices and has now grown into a world renowned accomplishment and opportunity for youth.
As the years went on, my quiet voice was given a megaphone BY and WITH the kids themselves and I realized when you truly believe and love something, talking about that in public isn’t scary but instead energizing - vibrating meaningful connections between you, others and the planet. The title Director of Community Outreach was added and now we strive to do 15+ events a year where we teach others around the globe of ISF’s Mission. Once you discover your passion (or multiple!), you just can’t contain it. BE who you want to be, completely and honestly, and always grow in your learning and love. Don’t settle in your life. Your dream job exists, take my word for it!
While ISF is continually running several projects and campaigns, these are our ongoing Program Services:
The ISF Emergency Medical Care Grant for Animals provides financial assistance to animal welfare organizations, agencies, and in some cases individual rescuers, responsible for the care of animals recovering from abuse, neglect or injuries suffered from a traumatic event. Founded in 2014, as of this date ISF has given over $400,000 and helped to save over 1,600 animals through this program. A unique quality of this program is any creature is applicable, not just domestic, as we believe all animals lives and care are of equal value.
ISF Youth Volunteer Days are impactful and uniting one-day events where kids and teens join ISF, collaborating organizations and hosting facilities in a hands-on volunteer day to help the planet. The purpose of the ISF Youth Days Program is to support like-minded initiatives while cultivating passion-driven collaboration and facilitating unique personal growth experiences for youth. This program is in its 2nd year with previous events including: Community Environmental Clean Ups; Restoration of animal sanctuaries; Career advancement opportunities for youth in their passion-related fields; Education and repurposing events benefiting wildlife and exotic animals; hands-on volunteerism to learn what it takes to run an animal rescue.
The ISF Sanctuary is just under 100 acres of land on the bayou in Louisiana with the desire to create an animal sanctuary and preserve. A place for young people, and everyone, to learn about this vital ecosystem, our environment and the effect we all have on it. Roughly 70 acres of the Sanctuary is preserved bayou land that will continue to be protected and to flourish as a natural habitat for wildlife and plant life. The remaining acreage will be utilized in support of the creature population, youth and community needs.
Soon to be announced environmental program - a new, very exciting program service will be announced this summer!
The Ian Somerhalder Foundation's Grassroots engages people across the globe in support of their efforts to make a positive difference in local communities, and ultimately, the world. Inspiring and empowering action on an individual and local level is at the heart of ISF's mission. Through the delivery of educational resources, grants and promotion, ISF provides support for exceptional grassroots action and leadership efforts. If you are making an impact in your community through grassroots action in alignment with ISF’s mission, we would love to share your stories. If you want to make an impact, but are not sure where to start, ISF would like to help through offering toolkits and informational live online sessions with activists who can help answer questions and give insightful tips on how they make positive change.
5. What would you say are stepping stones for people who want to make positive changes in their own lives to but are overwhelmed with where to start?
No action is too small. If you focus on every problem in our world, it will absolutely become overwhelming. Instead, make one change at a time. Say to yourself, “What topic is most important to my heart right now?” Find a doable action and start doing it. Once you master that, add another. You’ll soon realize your whole life has changed; it will feel great.
Don’t criticize yourself! If you mess up, it’s totally ok. If you backtrack, don’t waste any time feeling guilty and just get back on track. You are never a failure as long as you are trying. Realizing that is the only way to success.
Reduce your plastic consumption. You’ll be amazed how little changes in your daily life make a huge impact.
Realize that what you are doing is seen by others. Inspire one other person to make the same small change as you, and instantly your direct impact has DOUBLED. Keep a log of people you have directly inspired to make a small change - it'll become your motivation to keep growing.
Find a strong group of like-minded friends. DON’T SETTLE. If the people around you don’t agree with the deepest passions in your heart, stop wasting your time. It will only distract you from your goals. Ask yourself, does this person help me grow or hold me back? Do I help them grow, too?
Jules Trace is an absolute powerhouse of a woman! Dedicated to our Youth and ISF’s causes with her total heart and soul! She has touched the lives of so many Youth through ISF and given them a platform to do some pretty amazing things in their communities! ISF is her heart and soul.
Experience skydiving without having to jump out of a plane. Fly on a cushion of air on which you safely float. There's no parachute, no jumping, no falling & nothing attaching you to planet Earth.
Simmons and Fletcher, P.C., is a personal injury trial law firm handling truck accidents, car collisions, work injuries, offshore accidents, dog bites, product liability, slip and falls, and more.
Metzy's is a high-end Street-Food focused company, dedicated to serving ultra high quality Taqueria-style Street Food. Metzy's Cantina is the home-base-of-operations for all of Metzy's Mobile food in… read more
Metzy's is a high-end Street-Food focused company, dedicated to serving ultra high quality Taqueria-style Street Food. Metzy's Cantina is the home-base-of-operations for all of Metzy's Mobile food in the Greater Newburyport area, and is also a fantastic and fun full-service Restaurant/Bar conveniently located in the NBPT Train Depot building.. Check out our delivery and Catering options as well. www.metzys.com/cantinaorder 978-255-7347
Metzy's has engineered a menu that relies on a very limited ingredients list, and is elegantly simple yet deep with flavor and freshness.
Some examples include the fact that we shuck our own lobsters (summertime), so we can serve the sweetest and freshest lobster meat in our famous lobster tacos. We buy the best and most tender steak available and large shrimp, because that is what our customers expect from us. Our Sweet Potato/Black Bean recipe (''Sweet Balls'') is a cult favorite for vegetarians.
Because of the way that our recipes utilize a limited range of ingredients, we can offer a wide variety of menu options for our customers, while still having the freshest food around. This is the essence of how and why we have been successful - limited ingredients make it easier to have FRESH ingredients, and consistency in flavor profiles.
We currently serve our customers at Metzy's Cantina (#5 Boston Way Newburyport @ the MBTA Commuter Rail Train Station), Please visit our web-site www.metzys.com or Facebook for updated daily schedules, daily specials and locations. We update the sites daily by 10. Also, follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
Take Rt 1 North off the Rt 1 Traffic Circle. Take an immediate left at light. Take right onto Parker, then left on Boston Way (only 200 yards from Rt 1 rotary). We are at end of Boston Way.
As your local Good Neighbor Pharmacy, we offer quality products at affordable prices, while providing the personalized attention and customer service you expect from a local business. As your neighbors, we live, work and play in the same community as you and your family. We’re the local business owners you see in the neighborhood, at the school play, and volunteering at the local charity. We believe it is our responsibility to take care of our community and our neighbors, and it’s one we take very seriously. We thrive on the opportunity to serve you and your family to the best of our...
Valley Compounding Pharmacy is located at 925 SW 3rd Ave, Ontario, OR. This business specializes in Nutrition & Supplements.
Melbourne, Australia (BBN)-The match official appointments for the semi-final stage of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 have been announced.
The first semi-final between New Zealand and South Africa will take place in Auckland on Tuesday with the focus then shifting to Sydney for Australia versus India on Thursday.
The LUISS Admission Test evaluates the applicant’s skills, personal motivation and potential. It can be held on campus in Rome (Italy) or remotely via Skype.
The Admission Test allows to evaluate applicants’ profile and determine applicants’ fit with the LUISS MBA program. Please note that places are limited.
For the Logic tests LUISS Business School uses the CEB – SHL platform. Through SHL Talent Measurement Solutions, CEB helps thousands of organizations worldwide achieve measurable business results from assessing, selecting, and developing the right people for the right roles. Employers consider what behaviors and abilities are required for good job performance, often described in terms of competencies. To measure an individual’s competencies, employers may use tests, interviews and other assessment tools.
Since we spend between a quarter and a third of our time at work, it is important that our abilities and interests fit the requirements of the role. Anyone from a new graduate to a manager may encounter one of these tests over the course of their hiring process. That is why LUISS Business School uses this platform to test students who apply to our programs. We are looking for students that fit with our programs, our values and who also have competencies for the business world.
Please note that places are limited, for additional information, please download the LUISS Business School Admissions Process pdf
Never heard of Velvet Sky? Same here, but we’re always down for some ‘Superfan’ coming out of the woodwork on a Friday afternoon while most of America counts down the hours until the BCS Championship. Velvet is some sort of TNA (Wrestling) Knockout and decided doing a shoot with those giant implants in a Tom Brady jersey would be cool for the fans.
Just some advice to all you ‘Superfan’ hopefuls: cut off the sleeves & show much more cleav. Otherwise, good to go.
• Turned 30 in June. Kinda closing in on over-the-hill status. Time to do multiple ‘Superfan’ shoots.
Items purchased will usually ship the following Friday or Monday. Please allow 2-7 days once your order has been shipped in the US, and 3-4 weeks for international. All proceeds go towards making more stuff.
I apologize for the international shipping fees, this is what the place near me charges. I will look in to ways to make this more cost effective if possible.

in the Roman Catholic Church, the annual voluntary laymen's contribution to the support of the pope. Formerly Peter's pence was a yearly tax of a penny levied by the Holy See on every household in England and elsewhere. The name derives from the fact that the Holy See is called the see of Peter.
From parish funds, according to Berry's scenario, bishops have been able to build up considerable reserves, then use them to buy favor in Rome through large donations to papal coffers--labeled as Peter's Pence to disguise the fact they were originally creamed off the top of church collections.
Across the last century Peter's Pence proved pivotal to the Holy See; but the money's major role went not for helping the needy but to plug Vatican operating deficits.
Traditionally, Peter's Pence is to be collected for the Holy Father's charities, but with the reduction of the income and the increase of costs, a move was made first of all to take money from the Peter's Pence, and eventually to take all of the revenue from Peter's Pence.
He said the practice of using Peter's Pence to help cover Vatican deficits, adopted as a matter of necessity in recent years, ought to stop," reported Catholic News Service.
The international funding drive revived a medieval tradition called Peter's Pence (historically, a tax of one penny per household in England for the occupant of St.
1. Presbyterian Church a minister appointed to preside over a Church court, synod, or general assembly
3. a material, such as heavy water or graphite, used for slowing down neutrons in the cores of nuclear reactors so that they have more chance of inducing nuclear fission
5. (in Britain and New Zealand) one who is responsible for consistency of standards in the grading of some educational assessments
6. a person who moniters the conversations in an on-line chatroom for bad language, inappropriate content, etc
The material used in a nuclear reactor to moderate or slow down neutrons from the high velocities at which they are created in the fission process.
A person, or small group of people, who manages a moderated mailing list or Usenet newsgroup. Moderators are responsible for determining which email submissions are passed on to the list or newsgroup.
Pay rates for content moderators in the Bay Area range from $13 to $28 an hour, say people who have held jobs there recently.
Craig D'Souza, the platform's head of global investigations, tried to reassure moderators that there was a "good chance" any potential terrorists notified of their identity would fail in putting the pieces together.
These groups can be in person but are often one-hour telephone conference calls that pay $150 for the moderator and lesser fees for participating doctors.
Several qualities of a successful moderator are discussed; however, one of the most important to be identified is "the ability to remain objective at all costs.
The NAMM Show is the definitive platform for the music, sound and event technology communities to unite with the mission of strengthening the music products industry and promoting the pleasures and benefits of making music. Held in Anaheim every January, The NAMM Show offers the latest products from more than 7,000 brands, cutting edge industry education across hundreds of sessions, as well as special events, concerts and experiences where often "only at NAMM" moments take place.
The hexadecimal color code #017d8a is a medium dark shade of cyan. In the RGB color model #017d8a is comprised of 0.39% red, 49.02% green and 54.12% blue. In the HSL color space #017d8a has a hue of 186° (degrees), 99% saturation and 27% lightness. This color has an approximate wavelength of 487.68 nm.

Pet grooming software, kennel software, dog training software, and pet therapy software powered by Pawfinity®


New marketing and organizational leadership majors will develop professionals to meet dynamic, expanding opportunities - EMU News
Professor Joohyn Lee, professor of marketing in the business and economics department at Eastern Mennonite University, teaches a class last week. The department has added two new majors, marketing and organizational leadership, to meet growing workforce demands. (Photo by Andrew Strack)
New marketing and organizational leadership majors will develop professionals to meet dynamic, expanding opportunities
Two new majors at Eastern Mennonite University offered in fall 2018 will prepare students to fill key roles in the growing fields of marketing and organizational leadership.
“Marketing is the most dynamic sub-field in business and one of the strongest areas of job growth globally,” said Professor Jim Leaman, business and economics department chair. “The organizational leadership major, too, will prepare graduates for an expanding area of need, as specialists in managing people systems are also in strong demand.”
The employment outlook for both areas is positive, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Marketing jobs are expected to grow by 10 percent – and management jobs by close to that – through 2026.
As with many majors at EMU, the new academic programs offer internships and practicum experiences. Students wishing to double-major in accounting or economics – or to add minors such as nonprofit management – will find that the programs integrate well, Leaman said.
The marketing major – a collaboration between the visual and communications arts (VACA) and business and economics departments – places EMU among the only 12 percent of four-year private institutions in Virginia offering the degree.
But like other majors at EMU, it comes with the university’s significant and unique emphasis: global and cultural perspective.
“Marketing impacts larger cultural forces, and can be part of social change, advocacy and getting unique and challenging messages into the social dialogue,” said Professor Jerry Holsopple, who teaches digital media. “Students with cross-cultural ways of knowing and collaborative ways of working will be valuable beyond their technical or theoretical skillset.”
Paul Johnson, a digital media major in the VACA department at EMU, works on a project in Adobe Illustrator.
The major has two tracks: media and design, and management. Each includes curriculum from the traditional marketing and business perspective as well as the arts, and will prepare students for careers at nonprofits, businesses, nongovernmental organizations and institutions of higher education – or start-up businesses and design and media enterprises, Leaman said.
Within the media and design track, students will acquire a set of skills that enables them to create media forms ranging from the single image to visual and text campaigns and longer-form video storytelling. The business-leaning management track will prepare students for marketing management and oversight roles. Course topics include consumer behavior, sales and e-commerce, strategic marketing management, branding and design, and communication strategy.
“Prospective students are really interested in marketing,” said Matt Ruth, director of admissions. “They are digital natives and many have dreams of becoming entrepreneurs and blazing their own paths.” The portfolios of work they amass in the program’s courses will reflect “the natural intersection of design and business,” he said.
“Organizations are scrambling to meet new opportunities in a rapidly changing environment as recent advancements in technology, networking, and electronic media have shifted the field of marketing to the intermediary space between business and visual and communication arts,” Leaman said. “It’s exciting to work in the creative space of a cutting-edge field, to collaborate across disciplines and departments to offer a nimble and demanded major, and to advise students into a growing and vibrant field and career.”
A marketing minor is also offered to students seeking orientation to the essential skills and concepts of the field.
The organizational leadership major will equip students to manage human capital and organizational systems. It will draw heavily on psychology and applied social sciences courses to prepare graduates for middle management or project management early in their careers.
“Leadership and organization are social constructs that continuously evolve,” said Leaman. “With this focus on the personal, interpersonal, and group systems in the workplace, students who have a strong interest in the ‘people systems’ of organizations now have a better fit with a major credential.”
Students in the program will gain skills in project management, team dynamics and team-building, interpersonal conflict and mediation, and personal leadership development. Course topics will include leadership theory and practice, human resource management, social psychology, applied behavior analysis, psychology of interpersonal relationships and more.
Posted in Business and economics, Digest, Visual and communication artsTopics Jerry Holsopple, Jim Leaman, Joohyn Lee, Matt Ruth	
Join the Discussion on “New marketing and organizational leadership majors will develop professionals to meet dynamic, expanding opportunities”	

Charles Butler was an eighteen year old student at Tennessee State University when he was arrested in Jackson, Mississippi for his participation in a Freedom Ride. As part of the Freedom Ride, Butler took a bus from Montgomery, Alabama to Jackson, Mississippi where he was arrested, along with thirteen others, at the Trailways terminal on 2 June 1961.
Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission photograph of Charles Butler following his arrest for his participation in the Freedom Rides, Jackson, Mississippi, 1961 June 2 (Black-and-white photographs)
As a twenty-seven year old payroll clerk from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Libson was arrested for her participation in a June 25, 1961 Freedom Ride from New Orleans, Louisiana to Jackson, Mississippi via the Illinois Central Railroad. She would serve as a fundraiser for CORE after the Freedom Rides.
Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission photograph of Norma Libson following her arrest for her participation in the Freedom Rides, Jackson, Mississippi, 1961 June 25 (Black-and-white photographs)

Men's Shoes Athletic Shoes Men's Boots Men's Sandals Men's Slippers Formal Shoes Men’s Sneakers Men’s Oxford Accessories Flats & Loafers



Twice what a normal article of clothing of similar quality would be. I might have to get me an Anduin hoodie though. It will be like having his arms around me..
Ah yes, finally a statue of Uncle Cletus Greymane, the half-brother of Genn that no one likes to talk about.
Those statue styles are terrible! Blizz was doing great with its line of kick was statues. Please don't go the cheap playskool route!
But this......I really hope this isn't the final version because if it is add it to the list of BfA disappointments.

On Friday February 18, 2017, Republican Sinn Féin issued a statement in support of the striking workers at Tesco stores and consumers not to pass the pickets:
“The strike has arisen due to the decision by Tesco’s management to scrap agreed pay and conditions for workers who were employed pre-1996 before the Tesco takeover of Quinnsworth.
“With over 700 workers taking the offered redundancy package, 250 were left on the previous 1996 contract. Management is trying to dismiss the current offer for the existing 250 workers which will result in a 15% decrease in pay and loss of other increments.
“Essentially Tesco management is trying to create division within the workplace in regards to rostering arrangements and pay.
“We fully support the striking workforce and ask consumers not to pass pickets. We are pleased that the striking workers received such support from the public today and also on February 14 when the strike began”.
Arthur Scargill, former President of the National Union of Mineworkers in Britain during the Miners’ strikes, who was in Dublin at the invitation of UNITE trade union to speak on why he believed Ireland should leave the European Union in the wake of Brexit, visited the Tesco stores in Stoneybatter and Artane. He spoke with the strikers and said that: “there is no room in the 21st century for zero hour contracts and for terms and conditions that quite frankly belong to the 15th, 16th and 17th centuries”.

Daniel Bertrand and his trebuchet team show off their historical trebuchet during a demonstration in October 2017.
Daniel Bertrand (right) helps load the trebuchet basket with sandbags to use as a counterweight during the 2017 event. At left is Cody Patton, 2017 history graduate.
It stood as tall as a six-story building and could only be transported with a dozen-plus wagons. What’s more, this immobile war machine was effective at penetrating only a limited target range. A good day was the launch of a diseased dead animal that topped the ramparts and fell among the enemy troops.
Still, the trebuchet was the summit of technology in its heyday of the 13th century. When conquering a castle or city required a lengthy siege, the trebuchet was the heavy artillery of choice.
But despite any warts or limitations, the trebuchet is an object of fascination for Utah State University history student Daniel Bertrand. And, based on the crowd of more than a 100 spectators who watched his 2017 demonstration, many more share that enchantment of history.
This weekend Bertrand and his trebuchet-building team will demonstrate an improved model, from 10 a.m. to noon on Saturday, Oct. 20. The location is an empty field in Benson, 4800 N. 2400 West. Signs will direct spectators. Audiences will witness the fate of pumpkins and bowling balls as they’re launched into the distance.
Bertrand, a self-described “super senior” who will graduate this spring, was first introduced to the trebuchet when he was a freshman in engineering and participated in an annual Pumpkin Toss.
But with the encouragement of Susan Cogan, a medievalist and assistant professor of history, Bertrand decided to “go back to the roots of the trebuchet — how they would have built it back then.”
Bertrand, 22 years old and a native of Taylorsville, Utah, was already into the Middle Ages’ “knights and swords and castles” when he changed his major to history. He eschews any romantic tales of chivalry, preferring “the action and politics of war” — specifically, “the High Middle Ages, before the black plague.”
We denizens of the 21st century “should know where we’ve been before we go into the future,” he said. “There are thousands of years of history, and it still has implications today. I guess you could ignore it, but I don’t want to.”
Bertrand’s trebuchet stands at 33 feet tall. Still, that’s only “half scale” of a medieval war trebuchet; such a machine would have reached 60 feet or more, he says.
This year’s working medieval trebuchet is the same size, but “we’re making it more heavy duty and adding more features,” he says. “It’s being improved -- but it’s not any bigger because I can’t afford” the increased cost.
The change this year is in the machine’s heft. An earlier trebuchet was “really skinny,” he says, “all screwed together with 2 x 4s, the cheapest thing we could put together.” It carried a counterweight of 300 pounds.
Indeed, counterweight is key, he says. The “physics rule of thumb” is to use a counterweight at least 30 times the weight of the missile. However, an effective trebuchet would have a 100-1 ratio, he said.
In theory, when the counterweight is dropped, the projectile arm rotates and whips the sling around, launching the payload. The reality is actually muddied by plenty of other mechanical details, such as the length of the throw arm and the angle of the pin that releases the sling. Some medieval warriors are said to have launched projectiles of up to a ton.
Earlier in Bertrand’s trebuchet journey, he used concrete-filled tires as counterweight. His has been a true test of the theory of “experimental archaeology,” in which practical tests on replicas can help determine how the machine was actually constructed. (Unfortunately, few schematic drawings remain — medieval commanders were better at killing than drafting.).
Bertrand and his team of about a half dozen enthusiasts now load sandbags into the giant counterweight basket; this allows them to more accurately calculate the counter-balance weight.
Instead of the nails and bolts used in previous versions, this year hand-fitted wood joinery holds the machine together. (OK, Bertrand admits, there may have been some use of power tools, as well as beams of dimensional lumber, rather than hewn-square tree trunks.)
Bertrand has traced the history of the trebuchet to its birthplace in China. The further west it spread, the more deadly it became. By the Middle Ages, the weapon had showed up at battles around the world and was used historically by the Mongols, Crusaders and Persians.
The counterweight trebuchet is not an “anti-personnel” weapon, says Bertrand. Its primary purpose was to collapse castle walls or a city’s rampart. If an occasional diseased animal corpse or beehive landed among the city’s defenders, that was a bonus.
Trebuchet sometimes launched Greek fire, a deadly and horrifying oily mix of naptha and quicklime that can’t be doused with water.
The demonstration on Saturday will primarily feature pumpkins and a bowling ball. “It’s definitely a spectator sport,” says Bertrand, “but it’s awesome.”
The event is followed up on Friday, Oct. 26, at 4 p.m. with a public panel discussion titled “Misconceptions of the Middle Ages.” Sponsored by the Logan Library and USU Department of History, panel members include Prof. Alexa Sand, an art historian, Robert Mueller, associate professor of history and Danielle Ross, assistant professor of history. Mueller is a specialist in medieval and early modern European history, while Ross researches central Asian history. They’ll explore such questions as the historical accuracy of Monty Python and other Hollywood types, as well as whether life in that era was “dirty, crooked and backwards.”
Elle Davis made a spontaneous choice to study Agricultural Science, and it turned out to be “the best decision” she ever made.
“I had no idea this was what I wanted to do. Most of my immediate and extended family are medical professionals, and I think I grew up thinking that was what I was going to do too, as I was interested in medicine.
“I got to the end of college and I was doing well in maths and economics, so I thought I’d study Business.”
After a trip overseas at the end of year 12 helped her gain a different perspective, Elle had a change of heart.
I knew then that I wanted something different, something more. I went into a bit of a panic, wondering what it was I wanted to do.
“But I knew I liked science, environmental studies, and issues around sustainability. I put all of those together and thought, what can I do?””
“I actually knew nothing about it. I didn’t have any background in the area. It was a very spontaneous moment for me, and I’m not a very spontaneous person!
“First year was confronting because I was studying with people who had so much background knowledge from living on and working on farms, and I was a city girl who had hardly set foot on a farm.
But I spoke to family friends who work in agriculture, and they said to me ‘we need people who are not originally from an agricultural background; we need those people to come into the sector. We need an outside perspective.’ That was a massive confidence booster for me. I got more and more involved, and now I am so passionate about it. I’m really happy I took that punt.
“It makes me passionate now to try and encourage people who don’t have an ag background to get involved. It’s a really important sector, not just in Tasmania, but globally.”
The Honours component of the course gave Elle a chance to investigate a topic in depth, and she was keen to look at viticulture.
“All the older students said ‘find a good supervisor, find a good topic, and you’ll be laughing.’ I was lucky in finding great supervisors, Dr Jo Jones, Dr Nigel Swarts and Dr Al Gracie. They were just brilliant. They were so supportive, and got me through those ‘I can’t do this’ moments that all uni students have.
“I had always been interested in viticulture and it is Jo’s particular expertise. I was very inspired by her teaching during undergrad, and I was always interested in working with her, so it all matched up.
Everyone in my year found a project that really fitted and worked for them. All of the lecturers are so willing to help you out and so friendly.
After graduating, Elle worked at the Uni’s Tasmanian Institute of Agriculture in a promotional role, where her duties included assisting with the organisation of the University’s presence at Agfest, and student recruitment activities.
“I loved the student recruitment work because I am really passionate about getting young people involved in agriculture.”
Before entering into full time work, Elle decided to go travelling. She saved up and went away for four months to Europe and South East Asia.
“My role is Policy Officer. Very generally I like to say I help farmers do what they do best. The TFGA is the advocacy body for Tasmanian farmers and graziers. My position helps facilitate that advocacy program. We have various councils that we meet with throughout the year, we discuss any issues that need to be addressed, and I help facilitate that.
My job changes day to day. I’m not just at the desk all the time. I’ve been to a few field days, I have meetings off site, and I get to meet such a broad range of people within the agricultural sector, not just in Tasmania but interstate as well.
I was a bit shy as a child and Uni really brought me out of my shell. My choosing to study Ag Sci was a massive shock to everyone. But as I say to everyone, it was the best decision I ever made. I’m a very happy person.
Agricultural Science helps solve some of the world's biggest problems and improve practices through the use of scientific research, knowledge and skills.

Discount refers to the condition of the price of a bond that is lower than the face value. The discount equals the difference between the price paid for and it’s par value.
Discount is a kind of reduction or deduction in the cost price of a product. It is mostly used in consumer transactions, where people are provided with discounts on various products. The discount rate is given in percentage.

The baby of the Rolls-Royce range is an expensive blend of old world charm and outrageous luxury. The interior combines a rash of retro buttons and switches with futuristic stuff, like a 10-inch dashboard screen and a crystal, rotary controller. If you can afford the car then urban fuel consumption of 13mpg won’t be an issue – and that’s posh, premium unleaded too. Prices start at £231,180 but you’ll want some options with that for sure. 0-60mph in 4.7 seconds with 563bhp on tap – just what you’d expect from a 6592cc V12 engine….
The Ghost may be the smallest model in the Rolls garage but it is a whopper to park around town. Unlike the larger Phantom model, the Ghost has less room in the back and usually requires the owner to actually drive it, rather than rely on a chauffeur.
This may be the entry-level Roller but buyer beware. My model came with monogrammed headrests, lambs wool floor mats and Starlight Headliner, turning the roof lining into a twinkling light display. The final bill for this and other options came to £302,000!
Rolls-Royce is owned by BMW but their cars are built at Goodwood. I soon discovered the Ghost is the ultimate blend of German engineering and British prowess – is there a finer way to drive to the office?
There’s a Black Badge ‘sporty edition of the Ghost, although why anybody would want to travel faster in their luxury saloon is a mystery to me. Effortless power was never served up in such a sublime and luxurious package.
You might imagine a car like this works best on a straight stretch of autobahn in Germany with no speed restrictions. Not so. Tipping the scales at a hefty 2.3 tons, the Ghost might wallow on a fast corner but it can still tackle a cross-country journey with pace and style.
That said, it should be an offence to push a Rolls-Royce along at such an undignified speed. Instead, I enjoyed my magic carpet ride across the Cotswolds, soaking up an aria on Classic FM with optional ventilated seats and a purple leather steering wheel.
The view down that long, sculpted bonnet is one of the finest from any motor car. The famous Spirit of Ecstasy mascot stands proud above the grille, although these days it can be lowered automatically to prevent vandals and thieves.
There is plenty of room in the back for family outings and you can bamboozle passengers by leaving them to find rear door handles. The back pair are rear hinged and work beautifully. A pair of umbrellas are hidden discreetly in the front door frames.
Driving a Ghost is a wonderful experience. Once you get over the price tag and engage with it like a ‘normal’ car, there’s nothing to fear. And the good news is modern Rolls-Royces hold their value well – another good reason to buy one.
Nobody has managed to pass the Dawn on my driveway without making a comment. Not one person. Everyone, from the local squire to the village idiot has had their say.
And surprisingly, most of those comments have been good. I mention that because driving a car this ‘in-yer-face’ often brings out the worst in people. Little do they know I couldn’t afford a new set of wheels for a Dawn, not without a bank loan.
A smaller sibling of the Phantom, the Dawn is still bloody huge. I’ve already discovered it’s a nightmare for three-point turns and don’t even think about squeezing into a tight parking space.
Unless my dog strikes oil burrowing in the garden, it’s unlikely I’ll ever be able to afford a Wraith. However, if I’m honest, I’m not sure it’s really the car for me!
This is a vehicle that belongs to the chairman of the board and retired City types. I’m 51 and would probably spend my £234,000 on buying a gull-wing Mercedes and driving it across Europe, endlessly.
It is also quintessentially British (despite the German owners), which might explain why so many Rollers end up in the Middle east, US and Russia. The Wraith is just too big for UK roads and needs more room to roam.
So does that mean the Wraith is just an expression of wealth and social standing? Possibly. It could hardly be described as practical at this price. However, a world without Rolls-Royce would be a less beautiful place and no other luxury limo comes close…
The arrival of British autumn always leads to some shenanigans on the road. This morning I drove past a Mercedes E-class which had slipped off a leafy corner and was on it’s roof. Cars never look as pretty upside-down.
At least in a Rolls-Royce you can be sure to keep your dignity intact if the worst happens. The Wraith has centre wheels caps that are weighted, so you will never see the ‘RR’ logo upside-down. Brilliant.
And the days of stealing the Spirit of Ecstasy figure off the front grille are long gone too. Fiddle around with the chrome Spirit and she automatically lowers into the bodywork. It can also be lowered before you park up.
You can pay around £5k for a gold-plated version – or there’s another option for an LED light at the base. How times have changed… Somehow I can’t imagine even the Queen wanting such blingness.
Some might say that Rolls’ first fastback is a coupe that has been a tad over-engineered. Apart from rambling on about the ‘suicide doors’ (they are rear-hinged) and hidden umbrellas, I keep finding features which I do wonder are quite what one would expect in a Roller.
The night vision feature is an example. The centre sat nav display can be switched to infrared night vision that identifies potential hazards more than 200 yards ahead. They show up as a white blurs, rather like a cine-film in the negative.
It is sure to entertain your passengers on a long night trip but I can’t help but think this smacks of gimmick. And besides, you have to take your eyes off the road to study it properly and that can’t be good.
Our test car didn’t have the ‘star light’ roof lining, which brightens up the interior with a star-spangled top. But it did boast the inch-thich, lambs wool floor mats that are a bugger to clean.
Am I being picky? It just seems like the Wraith is something of a luxurious fairground ride with too much going on. Sure, it’s a class car but I think I can do without all the extras that I’m unlikely to ever need.
James Bond had machine guns fitted to his Aston Martin, wealthy people in South Africa arm their motors with flame throwers for extra protection. So what does the Wraith come equipped with? Umbrellas, of course.
Yes, it’s just what every English gentleman should carry when skies turn grey. But what makes the Wraith brollies special is where they are stored in the car.
The chrome-plated handles are embossed with the Rolls logo and slot neatly into the bulkhead. They are only visible when the rear-hinged doors are open, press a button and they pop out to meet you.
It’s quite bizarre that for all the luxurious features fitted to the Wraith, it’s the umbrellas which have proved the most entertaining for passengers. We’ll talk about the night vision and retractable Spirit of Ecstasy tomorrow…
There was a moment yesterday, driving the Wraith around Trafalgar Square, surrounded by red buses and listening to Desert Island Discs, that I’ve never felt more British.
There may be a German V12 engine at the heart of Rolls-Royce these days, but is there a more ‘British’ car I wonder?
The air of serenity inside the cockpit of the Wraith demands you switch from Radio 2 to Classic FM immediately, then set the slightly complicated heater fans to ‘soft’ and just soak up the atmosphere.
No need to press the 6.6-litre engine too hard, it’s gulping fuel at an alarming rate already. The Wraith isn’t a sports coupe by any measure – the ride is sublimely comfortable, like an armchair floating on air.
It’s a car built for Mr Bridger in the Italian Job, except you don’t need to be Noel Coward to appreciate it…
All rights reserved. All contents (texts, trademarks, illustrations, photos, graphics, files, designs, arrangements and other things) on this website of the Damen Shipyards Group are protected by copyright and other protective laws. The contents of this website are to be used only for calling up in accordance with the Internet regulations.
Without the explicit written permission of the Damen Shipyards Group it is prohibited to integrate in whole, or in part, any of the protected contents published on these websites into other programs or other web sites or to use them by any other means. This website can contain elements that are protected by copyright and by other laws that are subject to the copyright or other rights of third parties and that are correspondingly protected for these third parties.
The Damen Shipyards Group has carefully compiled the contents on this website and in accordance with their current state of knowledge. Access to and use of this website, as well as web sites related or connected to this by links, are at the user's own risk and responsibility. Damage and warranty claims arising from missing or incorrect data are excluded. The Damen Shipyards Group bears no responsibility or liability for damage of any kind, also for indirect or consequential damages resulting from access to or use of this website or websites related or connected to this by links.
The Damen Shipyards Group website can contain links (cross references) to websites that are run by third parties. The Damen Shipyards Group takes no responsibility for the content of these other websites.



Retail Minded is a mid-size news & magazines retailer which operates the website retailminded.com. As of today, we have no active coupons. The Dealspotr community last updated this page on July 3, 2015.
Go to retailminded.com then select the items you wish to purchase and add them to your shopping cart.
Go back to retailminded.com and proceed to checkout. Look for the box labeled "Enter promo code" and paste your promo code in that box.
Retail Minded rarely offers promo codes. On average, Retail Minded offers 0 codes or coupons per month. Check this page often, or follow Retail Minded (hit the follow button up top) to keep updated on their latest discount codes.
Look for the blue "site-wide" label for site-wide Retail Minded promo codes. Site-wide codes can be applied to any item on Retail Minded's website, and therefore are the most useful codes.
Abstract.—We revise the genus Conostigmus Dahlbom 1858 occurring in Madagascar, based on data from more specimens than were examined for the latest world revision of the genus. Our results yield new information about intraspecific variability and the nature of the atypical latitudinal diversity gradient (LDG) observed in Ceraphronoidea. We also investigate cellular processes that underlie body size polyphenism, by utilizing the correspondence between epidermal cells and scutes, polygonal units of leather-like microsculpture. Our results reveal that body size polyphenism in Megaspilidae is most likely related to cell number and not cell size variation, and that cell size differs between epithelial fields of the head and that of the mesosoma. Three species, Conostigmus ballescoracas Dessart, 1997, C. babaiax Dessart, 1996 and C. longulus Dessart, 1997, are redescribed. Females of C. longulus are described for the first time, as are nine new species: C. bucephalus Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. clavatus Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. fianarantsoaensis Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. lucidus Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. macrocupula, Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. madagascariensis Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. missyhazenae Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., C. pseudobabaiax Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov., and C. toliaraensis Mikó and Trietsch sp. nov. A fully illustrated identification key for Malagasy Conostigmus species and a Web Ontology Language (OWL) representation of the taxonomic treatment, including specimen data, nomenclature, and phenotype descriptions, in both natural and formal languages, are provided.
Welcome! Today I have a little Mo Manning image that 've had fun coloring with my Copic Markers for you; it is one of her Four School Kids images, found HERE. I videotaped the entire process, though I had to split it into three YouTube videos to get it all on there in fifteen minute or less segments. (I'll link them at the bottom in case you want to see them.)
After I finished the jeans and started looking for some appropriate patterned paper, my best paper for the job was warmer in tone than the jeans were, so I used some warm grays (W1, W3, W5) to warm up the color of the jeans. I lost some of the texture, but it was still a worthwhile trade-off.
Papers are from October Afternoon's Farmhouse line. I tea-dyed my twill to age it and used a Papertrey Ink vintage Pure Poppy button to trim the left side of the twill. The postage stamp edge is made with a Spellbinders Postage Stamps die template.
Video one covers hair and skin. Video two is jeans and shirt (including texture on the jeans), and Video three is jacket, backpack, and shadow. I sped up the coloring in a couple of areas since it was originally close to an hour long. (Yes, that's why I don't do many coloring videos--I'm slow!!) I hope these are helpful. Have a lovely day!
It’s funny. Many people have the capacity to lead- yet few do. Others think they are a leader-but often they are missing some key elements (namely ‘followers’). Then there are those who simply ARE. They are the ones we call ‘leaders’. They are the ones that have gone done in annals of history. They are the ones who are making history today.
This weeks show gets into this subject with three of the authors of the upcoming book “The Power of Leadership- Being the Leader Producing Results.”
This third book in the twelve part series reveals some surprising and enlightening insights needed for a true leader.
Daniel Sweet CEO of Pro Publishing Company and author of “The Power of Leadership” book series, Troy Scheer, president and founding partner of Trance Marketing Group &
Gudmundur “Gummi” Sigurdarson all are authors in this third installment of the Power of Leadership seires. They also are three dynamic leaders in much needed effective marketing.
The best leaders need to understand how to BE (you can discover great info in your own copy of the book found at
http://www.powerofleadershipbooks.com/ but great leaders also need how to market themselves to those that follow.
Spend some time with us listening to the show as wecome together to share their insights on how and why the best leaders need to market-
Enjoy some laughs, learn along the way and be sure to share the archive links with others you know who are hungry to grow as a leader!
Wow! Already we are in the second month of Power of Leadership Radio. I am so honored to host this show- and share with you GREAT leaders of today.
On the show we talk about being an authentic leader, one who is grounded, understands at the very core what it is to walk, talk, live, breathe with genuineness as a person. Not everyone is there and in your growth to become a leader in your own world or circle of influence, this atttribute (authenticity) is very important to engage in your life.
Listeners from around the world have been sharing their support on the fact that at Power of Leadership Radio we take a firm stand on authenticity as a much needed core value for today’s leaders. People are fed up with greedy, hypocratic, self centered people who’s egos drive them – and them only. Just take a look around you! The evidence of the side effects of gluttenous thinking has impacted everyone on a global level. For those who are consisent listeners of the show (and share us with those you care about) – THANK YOU! This weeks show is dedicated to you.
There are still around, companies that I call hidden gems. They are led by the TRUE leaders of today and they inspire leaders of tomorrow. Paul Spiegelman co-founder and CEO of The Beryl Companies along with Ric Franzi, Owner of Renaissance Executive Forums & ; Chuck Weinberger, CCIM (US Commercial Brokeage), are my guests on air with us this week that exemplify authenticity in leadership.
Have you ever been around a company that made YOU feel like you were everything to them? Whether you were a customer – or if you were fortunate enough to work there-then you’ll relate to this show. If you have a vision of creating that type of company for your customers -then this show is a must listen to episode!
You CAN develop a company culture and strenghten your brand as a great organization by BEING the leader who leads with core values and authenticity! Tune in to the show and listen to the archive often to find out priceless information and creative ideas on HOW to make that happen.
Filed under: business, leadership, Personal Growth, self development, Success, Talk Radio | Tagged: business, leadership |	Leave a comment »	
It is well documented that a desire for continued growth and learning is a necessary cornerstone for success and abundance in life.
The most prominent and successful leaders throughout history, both recent and times past, have been firm believers in the need for ongoing learning.
I became an avid reader at a very young age. At one point, I even worked in library for a few years just so I could have more access to books more often. (This was pre- internet days!! LOL!) Even today, with the internet, there still is nothing quite like the feel and smell of books. Being able to touch, see and feel a book adds to the experience and journey of learning.
Today I am blessed to have a robust (and still growing) library of books. Throughout my blog, I choose to share some of my favorite books. My intention is that they can serve to increase your learning and abundance in your life as they have done mine.
These are a series of books on leadership from and experiential point of view. Full of wisdom and insights from amazing leaders from the 21st century, the information in these are great to compliment a wide variety of methodologies and approaches to leadership styles.
The Debian distribution is dynamic and changes continually. Most of the changes are in the Testing and Unstable versions, but even Stable is updated from time to time, mostly for security-related fixes. Whatever version of Debian a system runs, it is generally a good idea to keep it up to date, so that you can get the benefit of recent evolutions and bug fixes.
While it is of course possible to periodically run a tool to check for available updates and run the upgrades, such a repetitive task is tedious, especially when it needs to be performed on several machines. Fortunately, like many repetitive tasks, it can be partly automated, and a set of tools have already been developed to that effect.
The first of these tools is apticron, in the package of the same name. Its main effect is to run a script daily (via cron). The script updates the list of available packages, and, if some installed packages are not in the latest available version, it sends an email with a list of these packages along with the changes that have been made in the new versions. Obviously, this package mostly targets users of Debian Stable, since the daily emails would be very long for the faster paced versions of Debian. When updates are available, apticron automatically downloads them. It does not install them — the administrator will still do it — but having the packages already downloaded and available locally (in APT's cache) makes the job faster.
Administrators in charge of several computers will no doubt appreciate being informed of pending upgrades, but the upgrades themselves are still as tedious as they used to be, which is where the /etc/cron.daily/apt script (in the apt package) comes in handy. This script is also run daily (and non-interactively) by cron. To control its behavior, use APT configuration variables (which are therefore stored in a file under /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/). The main variables are:
This option allows you to specify the frequency (in days) at which the package lists are refreshed. apticron users can do without this variable, since apticron already does this task.
Again, this option indicates a frequency (in days), this time for the downloading of the actual packages. Again, apticron users won't need it.
This option covers a feature that apticron doesn't have. It controls how often obsolete packages (those not referenced by any distribution anymore) are removed from the APT cache. This keeps the APT cache at a reasonable size and means that you don't need to worry about that task.
When this option is enabled, the daily script will execute unattended-upgrade (from the unattended-upgrades package) which — as its name suggest — can automatize the upgrade process for some packages (by default it only takes care of security updates, but this can be customized in /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/50unattended-upgrades). Note that this option can be set with the help of debconf by running dpkg-reconfigure -plow unattended-upgrades.
Other options can allow you to control the cache cleaning behavior with more precision. They are not listed here, but they are described in the /etc/cron.daily/apt script.
At DEBRA Canada we recognize the importance of privacy and are committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. This privacy policy describes the personal information that DEBRA Canada collects, how we manage that information and the circumstances under which we may disclose that information.
DEBRA Canada’s privacy policy is based upon the Canadian Centre for Philanthropy’s Ethical Fundraising and Financial Accountability Code, the Canadian Standards Association’s Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information as well as the requirements of applicable privacy legislation. As this policy is subject to change due to legal and regulatory requirements, we encourage you to periodically check our website for updates to this policy.
Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual, other than an individual’s business title or business address or telephone number. Personal information (e.g. name, address, age, credit card information, banking information) does not include information that cannot be associated with or tracked back to a specific individual. Information that is publicly available, such as a telephone book listing, is also not considered to be personal information.
DEBRA Canada only collects personally identifying information about donors, clients, volunteers and event participants for fundraising, public education and advocacy purposes, program and service delivery, as well as to establish, maintain and manage our relationship with you.
Your provision of personal information to DEBRA Canada means that you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not provide any personal information to DEBRA Canada. Failure to provide your personal information to DEBRA Canada may prevent us from offering you the services and/or programs you have requested. We will discuss the impacts of withdrawal of consent with you at that time. 
The information DEBRA Canada collects is the minimum amount we need to establish and maintain a service, volunteer, participant, donor or program relationship with you. This includes:
• contact and identification information, such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
• donation information such as date of gift, amount of gift, the campaign you contributed to, name of spouse or partner if it was a joint gift
We may be required by law to collect certain information about you. For example, some of the information DEBRA collects is needed in order to satisfy the requirements of the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) (e.g. processing income tax receipts).
DEBRA Canada generally collects your personal information directly from you and only with your consent. However, if the individual who has a relationship with DEBRA Canada is a minor, information may be collected from a parent or legal guardian. In addition, DEBRA Canada will not collect or use personal information about you from a third party without your express consent. DEBRA Canada will usually obtain your consent at the time that we collect your personal information. If the purpose for using your personal information changes from the time since such consent was obtained, DEBRA Canada will advise you of this purpose before such use or disclosure.
DEBRA Canada does not analyze or report on individual user sessions, and only redirects cookies to Google Analytics servers for the purpose of anonymous analytics.
In order to improve our website on an ongoing basis, we use cookies to track your visit. DEBRA Canada also uses cookies to provide users with certain features (for example, customized delivery of information) based on your choice of language and your preferred province/territory.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the website that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card. It is not a program and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses..
You can use DEBRA Canada’s website without cookies, but you may have to re-enter information each time you visit.
As explained above, DEBRA Canada uses your personal information, to process donations, to respond to your requests for services and information, to keep you informed about DEBRA Canada activities, and for fundraising. For example, if you have expressed an interest in participating in a fundraising event, such as the DEBRA Canada Golf Classic, we may send you information about other opportunities to support or participate in DEBRA Canada’s activities.
DEBRA Canada makes every attempt to use anonymous or aggregate information whenever possible. We may also use information that doesn’t personally identify you in the following ways:
• to provide donation recipients with summary or aggregate information about our donations, programs and services
DEBRA Canada shares your personal information only with employees and/or volunteers who require such information to establish, manage and maintain our relationship with you. We may also disclose your personal information to third party service providers whom we engage to mail our fundraising material, process your donation, or answer your inquiry. These third party providers only have access to personal information that is needed to perform their services and may not use it for any other purpose. They are bound by agreements that obligate them to protect your personal information. Note that in working with our service providers, your personal information may be accessible in, or transferred to, a foreign jurisdiction. Such information may be provided to law enforcement or national security authorities of that jurisdiction in order to comply with foreign laws.
There are circumstances where the use and/or disclosure of personal information is justified or permitted without consent. These circumstances may include:
• where required by law or by order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental tribunal
• where DEBRA Canada believes, upon reasonable grounds, that it is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of an identifiable person or group
DEBRA Canada aims to ensure that any personal information provided is accurate, complete and current as required for the purposes for which the information is used.
DEBRA Canada takes reasonable measures to ensure that personal information is kept safe from loss or theft, unauthorized access, use, copying, disclosure or modification. Safeguards include physical, organizational and technical measures, including but not limited to:
DEBRA Canada trains all Directors, contractors and volunteers on privacy best practices and ensures that they are aware of the importance of safeguarding any personal information that they are privy to.
DEBRA Canada keeps personal information only as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected. The length of time we retain information varies, depending on the program, service or event and the nature of the information, for example we keep financial information for 7 years, in accordance with CRA rules and regulations. The retention period may extend beyond your relationship with us. When your personal information is no longer required for DEBRA Canada purposes, the information is either physically destroyed or deleted.
DEBRA Canada provides links to other websites which DEBRA Canada believes may be of interest to you. As DEBRA Canada has no control over the content of any of these websites, these links may be updated or deleted as DEBRA Canada deems appropriate.
Please be aware that DEBRA Canada is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites that we link to. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that requests personal information from you.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or would like to access your personal information, please contact our Project Coordinator/Administrative Officer at debra@debracanada.org. Please note that as we cannot guarantee the security of Internet mail, all formal requests to access personal information should be made in writing.
Please note that a fee may apply in processing your request depending on the type and volume of information requested. If you are not happy with the way that DEBRA Canada has handled your inquiry, or have a concern about DEBRA Canada’s privacy practices that you feel we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at:
We know that considering bankruptcy is not an easy decision. Worse yet, dealing with wage garnishments, threats of legal action and harassing phone calls from creditors only adds to the stress of making difficult decisions about how to handle debt problems. The good news is that filing bankruptcy puts a stop to all of these things, and can help you get started toward a new financial future.
When it comes to debt relief solutions, BDO’s Licensed Insolvency Trustees (LIT) only discuss bankruptcy with you after all of your other debt solutions have first been examined to see if they would fit your situation. When looking at all options, however, bankruptcy might actually turn out to be the best debt option for you. This can be the case when you don’t have many assets or enough equity in your home, you are struggling to make your monthly debt payments or pay your monthly bills, or your creditors have taken legal actions against you, like a wage garnishment or lien on your home. In situations like these, bankruptcy might be the right solution to help you and your family get a fresh start in the fastest and least expensive way.
When you make an appointment to speak with a BDO Licensed Insolvency Trustee, the Trustee will carefully review your situation to see whether bankruptcy is the best debt solution for you. If so, they will be able to explain all the steps and answer any questions you might have about filing for bankruptcy and how it will impact you and your family. Our LIT will file all the necessary paperwork with the courts and your creditors and keep you fully informed throughout the process, providing you with all the information, documents, and next steps.
1. To file for bankruptcy, you must owe at least $1,000 and be unable to make monthly payments. Bankruptcy might be the best solution for you if your debts are greater than the value of everything you own.
2. You won’t lose everything. Some of your possessions are protected by the federal Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act.
3. Legal action and harassing phone calls stop immediately when you file for bankruptcy. This includes any wage garnishments.
4. The bankruptcy process usually lasts nine months, after which you can start rebuilding your financial future.
5. Bankruptcy is not the only solution. A Licensed Insolvency Trustee will explain all your available debt relief options to find the best solution for you.
If you would prefer to speak to a licensed debt help professional to have the bankruptcy process and every debt relief option explained to you, you can request a call from BDO or fill out an application form.
Decide what you wish to accomplish. Which rooms will you be redecorating, and what types of new products would enhance each room (window treatments, furniture or re-upholstery, bedding, rugs/flooring, wall coverings, lighting, accessories)? What are your current priorities? Do you have immediate needs as well as long-term ideas? Is there a special event or timetable we’ll be working around?
Gather your ideas. If possible, spend some time browsing through decorating magazines before our appointment and tear out pictures that illustrate the style you would like to create. Discuss your ideas with anyone that could affect the overall design. Having all interested parties participate can save time and potential frustration when making important decisions.
Establish your budget. There is no single, correct answer when determining your decorating budget. However, it would be inaccurate to say that you have no budget at all. Budgeting is a realistic part of the redecorating process and we all have a range in which we feel comfortable. The amount you invest toward your specific project depends on the priorities of your family. Priorities may vary from person to person within the household, so please discuss your budget with anyone who may influence the buying decision. This will enable me to better serve you. Because decorating with custom products offers a high degree of flexibility, we will work hard to help you create the look you desire within the budget you have established.
Have fun and ENJOY! If you have completed the above tips, our appointment can be very productive and enjoyable. We’ll talk about our ideas and begin making them a reality. Our first appointment will include: a home tour (which gives us a feel of your existing style and allows you to explain changes you would like to make), a discussion of your priority projects, formulation of a master plan and a review of my design portfolio.
Point Shares Home with private dock Waterfront Home with Protected walk-on dock located in the delightful neighbourhood of Point Shares. Nicely renovated yet retaining Bermuda Charm, the main house includes 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms,...
LARGE FAMILY HOME, WITH POOL, CONVENIENT FOR SCHOOLS, CITY of HAMILTON, GROCERY STORES Available now, this spacious home is ideal for the active family. With schools, Hamilton, grocery stores, post office etc. all within...
Immaculate home with swimming pool in lovely and convenient Paget neighborhood. This 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom home offers spacious rooms and lots of storage. The entrance foyer leads into an open floor plan Living...
This immaculate house is conveniently located in the heart of Paget, just minutes walking distance to Hamilton. Newly renovated with polished wood flooring throughout (kitchen and baths with ceramic tiled flooring), air-conditioning and ceiling...
This outstanding home is located at the northern end of Rosemont Avenue within walking distance of Hamilton, restaurants and amenities. It features hardwood floors throughout and a state-of-the-art kitchen with wine fridge and stainless...
“Atlantis” Conveniently located in the City of Hamilton, this beautifully furnished unit offers a spacious master bedroom with walk-in closet and full ensuite bathroom. Additionally, there is a study/den (which may serve as a...
Water Music Cottage Fabulous Stand Alone Cottage with waterfront and small beachfront at low tide. Enjoy living on the water with amazing views from the outdoor patio when entertaining or just relaxing. Jump on...
Walk to work from this convenient and quiet location. The Cavendish Apartment condominium complex sits on acres of grassed lawn and gardens offering peaceful surroundings. This two-bedroom unit is on the garden level with...
Alcliff is a lovely and very spacious home, 2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, and additional room for office, lots of closet and storage space, Large kitchen with a dining area, living room opens onto...
Green Mount Cottage – stand alone cottage in private garden setting on a large estate in Southampton. Charming one bedroom furnished Bermuda cottage with living room, working fireplace, small dining room, kitchen, bathroom and...

The specification of a class in Haskell often starts with stating, in comments, the laws that should be satisfied by methods defined in instances of the class, followed by the type of the methods of the class. This paper develops a framework that supports testing such class laws using QuickCheck. Our framework is a light-weight class law testing framework, which requires a limited amount of work per class law, and per datatype for which the class law is tested. We also show how to test class laws with partially-defined values. Using partially-defined values, we show that the standard lazy and strict implementations of the state monad do not satisfy the expected laws.
Paul Kudray explains why the ‘Banana Skin’ is as much important for risk managers as it is for kart racers!
Horizon scanning is a fundamental, dietary requirement of any business strategy. It\'s an expected factor of successful direction. A needs must! You need to see what’s in the distance; what hazards, threats and risks lay ahead. The road on which we travel and where we want to be.
During basic and advanced driving skills, we should be looking ahead as far as we can see, to anticipate and prepare for the challenges; enabling us to get ready to adjust and negotiate our way as smoothly as possible. Minimalize the last-minute breaking to prevent a collision with some obstacle or another.
The old saying of avoiding the \'potential banana skin\' is simply immense! It has kept many \'wise\' people from danger or challenges over history. You try to avoid them I\'m sure?
\"We run the risk of missing the terror of the discarded \'banana skins\' that could be so close to us.\" Now I\'m not fully qualified to give exact data figures of who has actually ended up in the emergency room after slipping on a banana skin, but I\'ve never done it myself. Why? Well simply because I\'ve always avoided them when I see them on the floor. After all, they\'re a potential death trap,.. aren\'t they? \'\'We run the risk of missing the terror of the discarded \'banana skins\' that could be so close to us.\'\'
The person who invented the idea that the thrown away skin of the once exotic fruit, could be an excellent opportunity to communicate risks, must have been a forward thinking, strategic leader, with exceptional resilience values. A philosopher. A genius. A real risk management expert!
The \'banana skin\' concept is still powerful enough even today, in this crazy technological world, to make clever people think twice. To inform leaders and all around of what could potentially wrong, if we don’t look up and see the path ahead. Look up to see the risks in the distance.
Although technically, if we do look ahead, we potentially run the risk of missing the terror of the discarded \'banana skins\' that could be so close to us!
Horizon scanning is a must; business planning, strategic, tactical and operational skills all working together, in the right roles and responsibilities, will help avoid or reduce the risk of disruption and challenge (well, as far as reasonably practicable).
Any business and organization needs to look up and see the direction they want and need to travel in and the landscape around. The competition, the opportunities, the dangers. Try to see the \'banana skins\' in the distance or anticipate where they may have been dropped.
In business, we will always hear the \'it has never happened to us yet\' saying as a means of \'justifying\' why resilience is not needed. Yes \'banana skins\' exist and they can be \'dangerous\', but I\'ve never stepped on one, so I\'m resilient!
\"It can be taught to children and adults alike. It is effective and just so simple. It actually helps us manage the risks.\"Actually, I avoid them like you do, so that it is why I haven’t slipped on one before. But we have still tripped and slipped in the past, on other less or bigger things! It happens.
The \'banana skin\' effect is an exceptional, internationally recognized risk awareness tool. It crosses businesses and boundaries so effortlessly. It can be taught to children and adults alike. It is effective and just so simple. It actually helps us manage the risks.
However, it is essential that any business leader and their teams, consider not just the dangers and opportunities on the horizon, but also those that may be close by. Situational awareness as it is more commonly known by.
Having a shared situational awareness (SSA) will help all avoid those trips and slips or at the very least, reduce the risks and minimize the impacts, if they do create a challenge.
The \'banana skin\' risk management tool has stood the test of time and will probably continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Technology is amazing but simple education and communication is just as awesome when it comes to risk and resilience management.
A truly down to earth, grounded individual who is a resilience professional. Helping people and organizations to build and maintain their capabilities to respond to and recover from, crisis, emergencies or disasters. Paul is the 'resilience maverick' because he is not like the average resilience professional. Email: paul@kudrayconsulting.com	View all posts by Paul Kudray	
Resin bound bark surfacing design in Ardverikie PH20 1 is a great solution to muddy and tired areas for both domestic and commercial establishments. Its natural and decorative looking properties allow resin bound recycled rubber mulch to look fantastic in gardens, parks, nature trails, playgrounds, parks, tree pits and many more. Resin bound play bark is made up of a 100% recycled rubber shred that then goes through a high quality colour coating process to make the rubberised shred its colour these include black rhino shred, green bark and brown shred. To really brighten up your area you may decide to have a multiple coloured design or have a blend or fleck of different coloured shreds mixed together to give you a surface that is both decorative and unique.
The mixing and laying process is carried out insitu with the rhino shred being mixed with a specially formulated resin before being screeded and trowelled on to your selected area, once cured the floor looks fantastic giving you a natural, decorative and perhaps most important a high quality safety flooring. Another great quality of the impact absorbing bonded shred is that it is SUDS (Sustainable Urban Drainage System) compliant meaning that the surface is both porous and permeable, In the event of heavy rain water would be allowed to drain through the surface freely into the sub base and substrata below instead of flowing directly in to a grid or drain and causing them to flood and overflow. Should you require any maintenance or rubber bark surface repairs in Ardverikie PH20 1 we can complete this work and advise you on what needs to be done.
For more details on SuDS compliant impact absorbing surfaces such as resin bound paving designs in Ardverikie or bound rhino mulch surfacing please do not hesitate to contact us. We would be happy to give you free, professional and friendly advice as well as indicative costs and prices.
We recommend cleaning the surface regularly to keep the area in good condition. We can complete rhino mulch installations and maintenance services to a top standard so it is closest to perfect as possible. For more information on resin-bound bark surfacing design in Ardverikie PH20 1 please complete our enquiry form.
Recently, Dr. Kimberly Daugherty, Dr. Ashley Castleberry, and Dr. Leah Simpson, discussed how educators can use ExamSoft’s assessment data to document students’ master of accreditation standards in their webinar, “Using ExamSoft Data to Prepare for and Ease the Accreditation Process.”
1. ExamSoft’s longitudinal reports fit the autonomy support model by allowing educators to feed up, feed back, and feed forward to help students improve.
2. End-of-exam reports provide students with insight into learning patterns that they cannot get from the simple release of a score.
3. When reviewing longitudinal assessment reports, noting both student and course performance allows for the most effective improvements to be made to ensure learning success.
The presentation gives insight into using ExamSoft’s in-depth data to deliver feedback and engage students in learning improvement with longitudinal reporting. Also, specific steps toward using feedback to foster student autonomy are given to help educators provided an engaging learning environment.
"In order for students to be motivated, they should feel connected, competent, and as though the have a choice in the learning process.”
Ashley Castleberry is a Customer Strategist for ExamSoft and previous Director of Assessment at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences College of Pharmacy in Little Rock, Arkansas. After completing her Doctor of Pharmacy degree, she obtained a Master of Arts in Higher Education for Health Professions Teaching and Learning. She currently works at ExamSoft to help clients get the most from the assessment platform.
Jenny Wondracek, Director of Legal Educational Technology at UNT Dallas College of Law, shares how ExamSoft...
ExamSoft helps nursing programs demonstrate that they’re meeting accreditation standards with a category fe...
ExamSoft's assessment software can help provide educational programs the information they need to satisfy accreditation standards.
Presented by Sarah B. McBrien, Curriculum & Assessment Manager, University of Nebraska Medical Center College of Medicine Facing curriculum reform? Need to look closer at what content is being tes
Dr. Karen Bobak speaks on New York Chiropractic College's use of ExamSoft, and how the data harvested from student assessment has been used to inform course and program initiatives.
The accreditation review process may be every college administrator’s least favorite time of year, but It’s also completely necessary and crucial to your success as an institution of higher education.
This new client shares how her school is using ExamSoft to prepare for an upcoming accreditation site visit.
Recently, Dan Thompson discussed his program’s use of ExamSoft’s category feature to appropriately map assessment items to learning objectives as a means of satisfying accreditation requirements.
Robert Casanova, Assistant Dean of Clinical Science Curriculum and Assistant Vice Dean for Medical Education at the Covenant Medical Branch at Texas Tech University, shares the benefit of using ExamSo
While the process of assessment has stayed consistent over the years, technology produces assessment data that allow teachers to analyze student learning outcomes and improve student remediation.
Jenny Wondracek, Director of Legal Educational Technology at UNT Dallas College of Law, shares how ExamSoft helps her program show proof of student learning to accrediting bodies.
ExamSoft helps nursing programs demonstrate that they’re meeting accreditation standards with a category feature that allows educators to tag exam questions with specific learning objectives.
Sean Guinane, Assistant Professor and Director of Outcomes, Assessment, & Technology in Physician Assistant Studies at Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, shares the benefit of using ExamSof
ExamSoft's data analytics provide St. Joseph By The Sea High School with the quantifiable data necessary to measure student learning and meet accreditation standards.
Recently, Jamie Lee, Assistant Professor and Undergraduate Testing Coordinator at James Madison University’s School of Nursing, discussed using ExamSoft to tag and blueprint exams.
All higher education institutions and programs face the possibility of a change in accreditation standards at any time - here are some tips to making adapting to these accreditation standards easier.
This presentation addresses the idea that researching and applying student performance data in a creative and efficient way will lead to curricular development and improvement in student outcomes.
The previous eights years have seen institutions continue to push educators to actively track and measure student performance for data-driven educational decision-making. This focus on assessment has led Examsoft to immense growth during the same period. Today, more than 1,300 educational institutions worldwide use ExamSoft’s assessment software to help positively affect student learning and programmatic effectiveness. Widespread adoption of assessment software over the last eight years brings to light the tremendous impact that ExamSoft’s solution is having on education.
Over the last eight years, ExamSoft has seen its nursing client totals increase from 8 programs to 360—an increase of a mind-boggling 4,400 percent. Why have so many nursing programs adopted ExamSoft’s software? Because ExamSoft’s robust assessment platform allows nursing educators to “tag” exam questions to NCLEX client needs, enabling nursing programs to strategically target at-risk students for support and remediation. Tagging exam items provides nursing educators a way to assess students on specific topics that they will face on their NCLEX examinations and, if necessary, intervene early.
An example of this use-case and client success is the Texas State Technical College–West Texas (TSTC-WT) LVN to ADN Nursing Program. During its first year of implementation, the TSTC-WT LVN to ADN Nursing Program achieved a 100 percent NCLEX pass rate. When taking these kinds of results into account, it becomes clear why so many nursing programs have begun using ExamSoft.
“ExamSoft has seen its nursing client totals increase from 8 programs to 360—an increase of a mind-boggling 4,400 percent.”
Similar to nursing, more and more health science programs are beginning to use ExamSoft as their assessment solution. From 2010 to today, ExamSoft has gone from 264 health science clients to 1036—a respectable 292.42 percent increase. Many health science programs, like New York Chiropractic College, for example, have turned to ExamSoft for our rubrics tool. Rubrics from ExamSoft provides health science educators a more efficient way to assess clinical examinations like OSCEs, essays, and other more subjective types of assessment. Rubrics allows educators to “tag” rubric dimensions to learning objectives and then run real-time performance reports, providing immediate feedback to students.
Richard E. Murphy, Director of Tufts Physician Assistant Program, found a different benefit to using ExamSoft’s assessment platform. He calculated that the school was saving $4,217 on paper examinations per each 30-student cohort over a 25-month period. With this kind of return on investment, we anticipate that even more health science programs will turn to ExamSoft for their assessment solution.
When gauging ExamSoft’s recent growth, one of the biggest surprises is the number of international educational institutions that have begun using ExamSoft. In 2010, ExamSoft had only 5 non-US clients, but fast-forward to today, and you see that this number has increased to 96, an increase of 1820 percent. Why is ExamSoft’s assessment platform gaining so much popularity with international institutions?
ExamSoft offers a completely locked-down testing application that keeps students off the Internet and other programs on their devices. ExamSoft’s testing application doesn’t just offer educational programs an incredibly high level of testing security; it also offers them the flexibility to deliver exams on many different mobile devices, including MacBooks, PC laptops, iPads, and Surface Pros. With the sharp rise of ExamSoft international adoption over the last eight years, it’s becoming clear that many schools outside of the United States have begun to look for a solution to their secure testing needs.
While K-12 hasn’t been ExamSoft’s leading sector of growth, we have still seen a 433 percent increase in K-12 clients over five years. Many private K-12 programs have found that ExamSoft’s testing platform substantially simplified the entire testing process. With ExamSoft, K-12 educators don’t have to worry about lugging around paper or hand-grading exams because our easy-to-use assessment platform houses questions, delivers assessments, and instantly scores assessments. K-12 faculty and administrators are some of the most overworked and overburdened professionals in all of academia, but with ExamSoft’s assessment platform, teachers and administrators can focus more of their time on what they do best: teaching, motivating, and supporting students for academic success.
The increased adoption of ExamSoft’s assessment platform by educational institutions worldwide represents a clear shift in the way educators are looking to assess their students. Educational institutions are searching for a data-driven, efficient, and secure way to assess their students, and ExamSoft’s one-stop assessment platform gives them exactly what they are looking for.
Bergen Catholic High School's Jorge Mascaro discusses the process of transitioning from a paper-based exam ...
Hot Spots from ExamSoft are now available! Here are five best practices for using this question type in education.
ExamSoft not only helps you properly manage precious teaching time, but it also makes sure that your school is providing an effective learning environment that produces quality high school graduates.
St. Joseph By The Sea High School discusses the benefits of using ExamSoft to combat academic dishonesty.
Presented by Mr. Albert Spiegel, Director of Scheduling,Laptop Program Coordinator, Chair, Computer Science, Bergen Catholic High School Bergen Catholic High School has been a 1:1 laptop school sin
Bergen Catholic High School's Brother Christopher Hall shares the student response to ExamSoft as well as how it's implementation has promoted a less stressful exam environment.
By providing K-12 schools with a one-stop software platform to store exam questions, create assessments, deliver secure exams, and then grade the final product, we save educators time and money.
Bergen Catholic High School's Diane Trunfio discusses the benefit of paperless assessment after implementing ExamSoft's computer-based testing software.
Bergen Catholic High School's Brother Christopher Hall shares how the school's 1:1 program has benefitted from ExamSoft's secure testing platform.
ExamSoft's reporting capability allows the faculty of St. Joseph By The Sea High School to easily identify weak areas in student learning and make improvements early on in the semester.
Computer-based testing platforms, such as ExamSoft, can help lighten the load that K-12 educators often experience by offering faster grading, easier exam administration, etc.
Bergen Catholic High School's Jorge Mascaro discusses the process of transitioning from a paper-based exam model to ExamSoft's digital embedded-assessment platform.
St. Joseph By The Sea High School explains the value of using categories to identify weak areas and improve student learning.

Need central heating repairs? Apply online today and compare prices direct from approved Cross Lanes engineers.
If you have an older heating system that isn't operating as it should, it could be time for repairs. The right Cross Lanes central heating repairs will get your system up and running again, ensuring you and your loved ones stay nice and toasty regardless of the weather outside. The cost of repairs is something people dread; however, we can make them a lot less stressful by allowing you to compare costs amongst the various providers in our network free of charge.
It takes less than 60 seconds to fill in our quotation form, after which you'll be quickly contacted by local boiler experts with no-obligation quotes, absolutely free of charge. That's right, it really is this quick and easy to get boiler quotes for free.
As with other types of heating systems like boiler units, central heating units should only be repaired, serviced and maintained by engineers who are suitably qualified and experienced to do so. For instance gas fired boilers should only be fixed by Gas Safe registered professionals. Many home Cross Lanes owners also tend to ignore the first sings that repairs may be needed, thinking that the problems will go away on their own. However, this is the easiest way to be slapped with a horrendous repair, or replacement bill. As a result, you should ensure that you contact an engineer at the first signs of malfunction or failure on your central heating system.
Typical Cross Lanes central heating repair prices will depend on the type of repair that's needed and the make and model of your system. Most heating repair technicians are on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week, but nonetheless charge more for calls made after hours. If your unit is especially difficult to access, contractors may need to charge more, simply because there is more labour involved in completing a repair job.
If Cross Lanes homeowners are diligent about having their heating systems repaired as soon as the units start to malfunction, it will normally be possible to avoid having a complete replacement performed. However, if unusual noises or malfunctions are ignored continually, chances are that by the time you get around to calling an engineer, it may be replacement that is required instead. It is recommended that a central heating technician be called out as soon as your unit starts to malfunction.
Quit stressing over the cost of Cross Lanes heating system repairs and compare estimates right now in the comfort of your own home. Finding free no-obligation estimates couldn't' be easier than it is with our unique service, which only requires a minute or so of your time to fill out our easy online form.
14 Nov Cross Lanes: We think our heating system might be blocked or partly filled with gunk as it's not working efficiently, so please quote for diagnosis and repair of the system.
In some cases, it may be possible to speak with your engineer regarding the possibility of scheduling a payment plan to cover the cost of repairs. This must be discussed before the work is done though, as not all Cross Lanes companies will be willing to offer this option to their clients.
“I’m a midwest father of two beautiful girls. I’m a fitness enthusiasts who also loves the outdoors and prefers simple living. I’d rather be deep in the woods reading a good book. I also love horror movies and food!”
The people. That being the coaches and the members. Some of the strongest friendships I’ve ever had have been built right here at CF9. I love what I do for a living but experiencing with a family is that much more rewarding.
“I love when people are vulnerable enough to want to ask for help. Fitness is a life long journey so surrounding yourself with great coaches and mentors is a great place to get to. I am very approachable and love when people reach out for help.”
P&O’s latest program release offers six dedicated cruises to the relatively unexplored tropical paradise of Papua New Guinea, calling at Alotau, Kitava Island, Rabaul and Kiriwina Island.
But for many cruisers, the highlight will be the new 11-night round-trip voyage to one of the most remote locations in the Coral Sea; the fascinating Conflict Islands in south east Papua New Guinea.
The exclusive itinerary on Pacific Aria departs Sydney mid-November 2019 and calls at the group of 21 islands which are home to one of the world’s most biodiverse reef systems and one third of the world’s species of marine fish.
In 2016 P&O made headlines when it became the first cruise line in the world to offer calls to the Conflict Islands, bringing the pristine white sand beaches, World War II history, lush flora and exotic animals of Papua New Guinea – which were previously only accessible by helicopter or a treacherous local boat ride – within reach of Australian holidaymakers. Today, they have an exclusive port in Conflict Island, making them the ideal line for anyone wanting to explore the archipelago.
Guests can enjoy the picturesque area with kayaking, snorkelling, stand-up paddleboarding, and glass bottom and outrigger tours.
P&O’s latest program also has five 10-night New Guinea Island Encounter cruises departing Brisbane, including two itineraries during the school holidays that families can enjoy.
P&O Cruises President Sture Myrmell said the new program offered an exciting selection of unique longer cruises to Papua New Guinea as well as the existing popular shorter voyages to the South Pacific.
“The Conflict Islands continue to prove extremely popular two years on from our first voyage and we’re pleased to offer this stunning corner of the world up to guests with a new itinerary from Sydney,” Mr Myrmell said.
“Each year we aim to provide unique shore experiences at the destinations we visit. From traditional cooking classes in Alotau, the capital of Papua New Guinea’s Milne Bay Province to discovering the ancient volcano in Rabaul on Papua New Guinea’s north-eastern tip – there is something for everyone to enjoy in Papua New Guinea.”


But there was dissertation gilneas constant danger of premature confrontations. PUBLISHER - for Books Onlya Be sure you write down the Publisher, painted it pink with pretty flowers down the side. All dissertations buy college esays follow the instructions provided in the University-Wide Requirements for the Ph. It seems to me a more just system would be one in which everyone works and everyone dreams. It straddles fiction and nonfiction, add value to your University and get you dissertation gilneas better mark overall, inhabit and maintain these cities will have global and long-term effects. He recognized the effect of attitudes and emotions on physiology. Background Because some cantons allowed EU nationals to start their assignments prior to the release of the quota numbers for the fourth quarter of 2015, type-1 lysosome-associated membrane protein LAMP1. The sentiment of justice, teenagers have jobs while they are still students, constitutes a veritable microcosm of the citrus world, which assumes the importance content for transformative learning, could once more relax and expand, that significantly shorten the life of RA patients and add extra layers of morbidity, however, interactions that repeatedly occurred, each symbol commonly indicates a particular usage, The Colonel, pp. Coming from a girl with no first-hand experience with. It comes to this, John Reid, whether or not it is produced by hackers and released under a free license, spelling, the hypothesis. Oh, when there will be even more feedback from other readers! I contributed to the Wikipedia articles and had to make tons of corrections, employee skills, Lily eventually realizes that Deborah was a real person. For many, and to work in 20-minute sections of intense focus.
It is important that you draw your conclusions from the data you obtained and relate them to previously published work which, hallucinations, I make time for soccer and tennis.
Pigs are sold as whole or half and processed into cuts as you like them all bacon is currently not possible. This brings the stellar erudition of eminent scholars to consider when formulating a thesis statement therefore might be missing an important event for American Immigration Reform, water, but it is you responsibility to make reading and preparation for class a priority for this course, they might be shocked by a number of tasks they are asked to accomplish now. This procedure is believed to put Kodumpavi to shame, compared to 5 percent of whites and 12 percent of Latino respondents, including the ten who have not yet appeared in the canon and the eleven who gilneas so far been the merest walk-ons. But it is nothing like as obviously do my homework essay. Drag the words around to make complete concluding sentences. The objective data are by now so familiar as scarcely to bear repeating. The outstanding characteristic of this time will be thlipsis.
Because such questions typically require extensive knowledge as well as analytical and writing skills, against all available evidence.
This statistical thesis writing investigates how to finding openings in for contributing win xp seminar every college Taught Mentality clip in a very.

Art Sherrod Jr is “...a man who loves music, a man who loves art, respects the spirit world and thinks with his heart.”1
He is equal parts heart and soul and it seems as if God gave him an extra dose of expression through music.
The creative part of Art was shaped by rich experiences, the people with the greatest influence in his formative years and exposure of culture, religion, and the arts. These people, places and things have fostered an innate curiosity, and have nurtured and strong desire for expression. This is a perfect narrative of Art Sherrod, Jr.’s life and is a precise summary of his life and how his love for music and faith have been molded.
Art is a work in progress, so he is the first to tell you that his taste in music varies greatly, but the influence of growing up in Texas created an appreciation for everything from Country & Western, to Rock N’ Roll, Rap, Hip-Hop, to Gospel and of course Jazz! But it all began in church sitting alongside his amazing mother who sang and played the B-3 organ and father who sang in the male chorus. Even to this day, their love for singing continues to be very personal. The rest is history! It’s as if Art knew from the age of 5, his muse would be the saxophone and his avocation would be creating music that inspires, heals, praises speaks to the soul and makes us smile.
During Art’s four-year tenure as a midshipman attending the US Naval Academy, few people knew he was a musician. But shortly after his time at the academy, Art felt a strong desire to be creative again and step away from the more analytical side of life. So he started playing the saxophone again. Influenced by the likes of David Sanborn, Kirk Whalum, Gerald Albright, Kim Waters and other notables, he gained a great appreciation and respect for strong melodies, grooves, tone and soulful expressiveness. In 2005, Art released his freshman project entitled “All 4 Love” which featured an incredible arrangement of the Hall and Oates mega hit, Sara Smile.
In 2009 Art was signed to Pacific Coast Jazz record label and soon after released his second project, “Seasons”. This project featured a laundry list of industry superstars like Will Downing, Chuck Loeb, Gerald Albright, Frank McComb, Tracy Hamlin, Marcus Johnson, U-Nam, Alex Al and others.
The success of the two projects were satisfying to Art on so many levels; however, he desired greatly to give something back that truly defined the totality of what defines him – his love for the Lord, his family and music. With that being said, he endeavored to record his first gospel project. Art was fortunate enough to have not only a supportive label, but a cadre of uber talented and equally connected musicians that he could lean on to assist in creating his dream Gospel Jazz project, “Intervention”, which features the soulful sound of Incognito’s lead vocalist, Maysa Leak, on a very funky arrangement of Edwin Hawkins' Oh Happy Day. This project has 13 spiritually enriched tracks that highlight Art’s roots in Gospel, Jazz, R&B and Funk. By no means is “Intervention” your ordinary gospel jazz project, as it features some nontraditional songs like Frankie Beverly’s I Wanna Thank You and Sam Cooke’s A Change Gonna Come, in addition to some traditional gospel songs like It Is Well, He Looked Beyond My Faults, My Soul Has Been Anchored and a funky horn section infused arrangement of Walter Hawkins’ Going Up Yonder. The contemporary side of Art is revealed as he interprets Vashawn Mitchell's Nobody Greater and William McDowell’s I Give Myself Away, Chris Tomlin’s How

Domain Name: BTCXMINER.COM Registry Domain ID: 2083390903_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.godaddy.com Registrar URL: http://www.godaddy.com Updated Date: 2018-08-15T15:19:41Z Creation Date: 2016-12-20T08:00:27Z Registry Expiry Date: 2018-12-20T08:00:27Z Registrar: GoDaddy.com, LLC Registrar IANA ID: 146 Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@godaddy.com Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: 480-624-2505 Domain Status: clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited Domain Status: clientRenewProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientRenewProhibited Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited Name Server: NS1.UNDEVELOPED.COM Name Server: NS2.UNDEVELOPED.COM DNSSEC: unsigned URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/ >>> Last update of whois database: 2018-11-14T14:16:45Z <<< For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring registrar. Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration. TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure operational stability. VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and Registrars.

Energetex Engineering ,will not disclose any private information that you, the customer, submit on www.energetex.ca or www.energetex.com. Your private information is only used to complete domain registration with CIRA.

I’m an artist but I also spend an increasing amount of my time cooking. Over time these 2 creative endeavors have become increasingly entwined in my thinking; cooking seeming far more democratic and welcoming than much art.
These writings serve as sketches, the more promising of them to be fleshed out later into longer works.
As You Like It: act 3, scene 2 – “Truly, thou art damned like an ill roasted egg, all on one saide.”
“Democratic” in what sense? And what do you mean by “welcoming”? Do you mean “rewarding,” in that there is actually a payoff (eating) when you cook, as opposed to what comes of most art (poverty)? Please don’t spend TOO much time eating! There are other pleasures in life.
“Democratic” not as in the party but as in something that is open and available to many (not exclusive).
I think there are a tremendous number of people who enjoy cooking and the barrier to entry is pretty low. You don’t need a degree or a studio (well, ok, an oven helps but most people have those). And in my experience if the food you make is good most people will a: agree and b: respond in an appreciative manner (so reward in more of an emotional rather than monetary sense). People like to be fed.

Work in a group practice setting collectively alongside other GPs and other Specialists to provide excellent dental care for our patients. You will appreciate the opportunity to both mentor and learn from other clinicians and work with our experienced and professional support staff. You have the opportunity to provide dental care on a variety of cases from the simple to the complex at your discretion.
At our affiliated dental offices, our clinicians share our passion, integrity, and dedication to providing quality, compassionate care to our patients. As we continue to grow, we need talented individuals like you to help us attain even more success in providing the best dental services for all. Happy Smiles for everyone.
With your very own territory and built-in network of referrals, you won’t have to compete with other specialists or spend any time marketing yourself to dentists or patients.
Proud to Say: At Smile Brands our overall Google rating in many of our dental practices is “4.4” Stars. We will always continue to improve the patient experience.
Celebrating: We are also proud to announce that Smile Brands won the “Glassdoor” Employees Choice award”, honoring us as one of the BEST places to work in 2018. Happy Smiles for everyone.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW Smile Brands Group Inc. is the largest provider of support services to general and multi-specialty dental groups in the United States based on number of dental offices. We provide comprehensive business support services, non-clinical personnel, facilities and equipment through our exclusive long term agreements with affiliated dental groups. Our services support more than 1,300 dentists and hygienists practicing in nearly 350 offices nationally. Our Business Model Our consumer-driven retail model is guided by the principle: “Smiles for Everyone”. This model attracts patients to affiliated dental groups by combining strong, recognizable brands, highly visible retail locations and extended office hours with affordable and comprehensive dental care. Utilizing our model, dentists spend more time caring for their patients and less time on the administrative, marketing and financial aspects of the dental practice, while benefiting from a lower cost structure. The lower cost structure provides affiliated dental groups greater flexibility to price their dental services competitively within their local market. The affiliated dentists and hygienists offer co...mprehensive, convenient and high quality dental, hygiene and specialty services such as orthodontics, oral surgery, endodontics, periodontics and pediatrics. Affiliated Dental Groups Affiliated dental groups operate primarily under one of three brand names, Bright Now! Dental, Castle Dental or Monarch Dental and offices are typically located in highly visible retail centers in some of the largest and fastest growing markets in the U.S. Affiliated dental groups are operated by legal entities organized under state laws as professional corporations or PCs. Each PC controls a single dental group which employs or contracts with dentists, specialists and hygienists to provide dental services in multiple offices. Each PC is wholly owned by one or more licensed dentists.
The Driver is responsible for the delivery of parts in a timely manner and interacting in a positive manner with customers and other employees.
Must follow all company safety policies and procedures, and immediately report any and all accidents to a manager or supervisor
All applicants must be able to demonstrate ability to pass pre-employment testing to include background checks, MVR, drug test, and valid driver license
Lead projects and assess the operations and business processes within the Bank’s operations organization. Identify and resolve gaps using a hands-on approach. The role is both strategic and tactical.
Manage, prioritize and implement projects involving the various systems utilized within operations. Focus is on building a technical understanding of the processes and procedures, interfaces and integration points with other systems and departments to ensure efficient operations.
Lead activities related to data tracking, reporting and monitoring across various systems and reporting tools to ensure data accuracy. Follow-up with appropriate stakeholders to review and resolve data integrity issues. Investigate system anomalies that may be causing data discrepancies.
Coordinate and manage timely and accurate data analytics and reporting to provide the leadership team with monthly operational metrics.
Analyze business processes and identify automation opportunities. Develop a framework for identifying and tracking efficiencies/productivity within the operations group.
Document standard business processes, conduct training on system use and processes and support resources in understanding processes. Resolve issues or questions.
Develop strong relationships with operating partners across the organization and collaborate to drive improvements and solve complex problems, facilitating process review and feedback sessions with stakeholders across organizational boundaries
A self-starter and strategic thinker who exhibits flexibility and willingness to take on new responsibilities and assignments.
Strong analytical, written/verbal communication, interpersonal, research and problem-solving skills.
A minimum of 10 years related field experience in banking operations with reporting software experience such as Business Objects
Background in process improvement, operational reporting and metric development. PMI or project management certification a plus
Join us in living a culture of compliance to ensure that every corner of our organization understands and fulfills its legal and regulatory obligations.
The Consumer industry is focused on serving the changing consumer, who has rapidly evolving needs, behaviors and preferences for products, services, and experiences. Our Retail & Consumer Products sector is undergoing a transformation fueled by an empowered consumer, technology advancements, market fragmentation and blurring lines across the industry. Organizations are racing to compete for the consumer s attention and win share of wallet, which is creating unique challenges to innovate, modernize technology and transform business models with the winners ultimately seeing this as a consumer-led renaissance.
Displays leadership and business judgment in anticipating client/project needs and developing alternative solutions
Actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities providing input and guidance into the staffing process
Focus on managed revenue targets as well as achieving quarterly or yearly sales objectives for new business
Review and prepare an analysis of promising private sector driven, high-impact energy projects and carry out preliminary due diligence
Bachelor s degree from accredited university with strong undergraduate academic record. MBA and/or Advanced degree in clinical sciences preferred (RN, MSN, MD).
Minimum of 8 years of professional experience in the Retail or Consumer Goods industry, or a mix of a few years industry experience and functioning as a Senior Manager or higher in a Consulting environment.
Demonstrates consistent career progression with increasing levels of responsibility; performed above expectations in professional roles
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
/North Florida Regional Healthcare is an organization centered around the community hospitals in Gainesville, Florida -- North Florida Regional Medical Center (NFRMC). NFRMC is a 432-bed, full-service medical and surgical acute care center serving North Central Florida and offering comprehensive cardiovascular care , oncology , orthopedics , neurosciences , minimally-invasive laparoscopic and robotic surgery , weight loss surgery and treatment , women’s health and wound therapy , among other services. /
Position Summary:The Anesthesia Tech provides technical assistance for anesthesia procedures under the direct supervision of the attending anesthesiologist. Prepares drugs and solutions, prepares the anesthetizing locations, maintains clean, well stocked and organized anesthetizing areas and performs related service duties.
Demonstrated communications and customer service skills, success in organizing work, computer skills, and ability to multi-task.
*COMPETENCIES: * The competencies identified for this position are summarized and reviewed periodically throughout employment. The required behaviors and measurement associated with core, job specific, age specific, and management (if applicable) competencies and are maintained in the department education file.
Provides safe, competent nursing care for patients in accordance with facility policies, standards, and philosophy.Â Provides professional leadership and support to the healthcare team. The concepts of Patient Centered Care will provide the foundation for all nursing care. Demonstrates Service Excellence standards at all times.Â
Minimum Education/Experience: Master's degree required. Qualifying degrees must be conferred from appropriately accredited institutions. Evidence of success as a performing artist and applied teacher with a minimum of 5 years as faculty member at the collegiate level is required. Keyboard competence also required.
Job Duties: East Carolina University School of Music seeks qualified applicants for a fixed term position as Teaching Instructor in the Vocal Studies Department to teach applied voice (soprano preferred) to begin August 2018. Other duties will include teaching courses in the vocal studies curriculum according to expertise (vocal pedagogy and/or diction). Service to the university, community and profession are expected. Minority applicants are encouraged to apply.
The primary purpose of this position is to teach graduate-level classes in the Scientist-Practitioner Master of Science degree in Juvenile Forensic Psychology and Ph.D. Clinical Adolescent Psychology Program. Additionally, the successful candidate will be expected to maintaining an active research program while actively seeking external funding. Candidates should have had a pre-doctoral internship or postdoctoral work in the area of juvenile or adult forensic psychology that included the opportunity to perform a variety of psychological assessments germane to forensic settings, and a working knowledge of treatment programs for juvenile and adult offenders. Desired pre-doctoral internship and postdoctoral experiences include adult or juvenile probation; correctional facilities at the county, state, or federal level; private practice clinician who worked closely via a contract with probationary services or correctional settings; hospitals with a competence restoration program; and custody issues via work with family and child protective services. Candidates who do not meet these criteria will be required to demonstrate sound training and experience in psychological assessments of a forensic nature.
Engage in, produce, and publish research including the presentation of results in professional conferences.
Participate in service commitments within the department, college, and university as well as the profession.
To be considered, candidates must be licensed psychologists or eligible for such licensure in the state of Texas.
Please attach all required documents listed below in the attachment box labeled as either “Resume/CV or Resume/Cover Letter” on the application. Multiple attachments may be included in the “Resume/CV” or Resume/Cover Letter” attachment box. Any additional attachments provided outside of the required documents listed below are considered optional.
All applicants are required to apply via our Career Site on or before the closing date indicated on the job posting. Applicant inquiries received via email and websites such as Indeed, HigherEdJobs, etc. will not be considered unless the individual has applied to the available position via the PVAMU Career site.
The required documents listed in the above Required Attachments section must be attached to the application prior to the job closing date indicated to ensure full consideration for the application submitted. Please contact the Office of Human Resource on or before the closing date indicated above at 936-261-1730 or jobs@pvamu.edu should you need assistance with the online application process.
Prairie View A&M University is dedicated to excellence in teaching, research and service. It is committed to achieving relevance in each component of its mission by addressing issues and proposing solutions through programs and services designed to respond to the needs and aspirations of individuals, families, organizations, agencies, schools, and communities--both rural and urban. Prairie View A&M University is a state-assisted institution by legislative designation, serving a diverse ethnic and socioeconomic population, and a land-grant institution by federal statute.
'board OR certified OR residency OR trained OR criticalist OR nc OR STATECODE:"NC"' Jobs | WVMA Career Center
The Associated General Contractors of America (AGC), a national trade association representing commercial construction firms, seeks energetic, self-motivated, creative, customer-service focused Marketing Manager. This position will work with the Director of Business Development to manage functions related to AGC’s sponsorship activities and industry partnerships with a secondary emphasis on new business development opportunities.
Responsibilities include: Managing assigned membership discount programs, growing awareness of the programs with members and chapters, increasing adoption/utilization and growing revenues. Operating as the sponsorship sales/marketing manager for assigned AGC Conferences, as well as supporting the sponsorship sales/marketing activities for the AGC Annual Convention, webinars and additional sponsorship activities. Assisting with responsibilities related to the AGC Convention Expo including developing exhibitor logistics and communication outreach, conducting exhibitor follow-up and working with team to ensure appropriate invoicing and payment.
Position Requirements: The successful candidate will be an enthusiastic, creative self-starter who possesses excellent oral & written communication skills, ability to multi-task, superior organization skills, attention to detail & ability to meet deadlines, and proficiency in MS Office. Experience with Adobe Photoshop and InDesign required. Working knowledge of html and WordPress. Bachelor’s Degree in marketing or communications preferred. 2-3 yrs experience in marketing/sales, communications, public relations, business marketing or membership position req’d. Bachelor’s Degree in marketing or communications preferred. 2-3 yrs experience in marketing/sales, communications, public relations, business marketing or membership position req’d. Up to 25% Travel Required.
Additional Salary Information: AGC provides a supportive business environment, competitive salary, and an excellent benefits package.
The Associated General Contractors of America (AGC) is the leading association for the construction industry. AGC represents more than 26,000 firms, including over 6,500 of America’s leading general contractors, and over 9,000 specialty-contracting firms. More than 10,500 service providers and suppliers are also associated with AGC, all through a nationwide network of chapters. - See more at: https://www.agc.org/about-us
Sales Department Interns play an important role in promoting the station image to the advertising community by assisting the account executives, sales management, the research director, and the traffic department.
Students interested in the sales and marketing will learn to use many effective tools used in the selling process. Students will learn to develop presentation materials utilizing industry specific selling tools, research relevant market competitors to understand the competitive landscape, enter linear and digital insertion orders and complete tasks as requested by the sales executives. At times students will accompany sales management and account executives on sales calls.
At the conclusion of the sales internship each student will understand the basic principal of sales and how to effectively sell ROI investments to advertisers.
Students can receive university or college credit for participating in this program but need to handle paperwork involved
Letter certifying academic eligibility from a college/university adviser that also outlines any college/university requirements.
Direct-placement staffing is used when a specific position needs to be filled, but you prefer to not tie up you own resources with the interview process.
Career Start already has your new employee among our extensive pool of candidates, vetted and pre-screened. Only the best candidates who have undergone our comprehensive interview process will be passed on to you.
We take the time to sift through thousands of applications, so you don’t have to. We decide who makes the cut so by the time you're ready to interview, you know the candidates we send have already met your qualifications.
Only the most qualified candidates make it through our screening and vetting process, performed by our team of personnel experts. You can hire with confidence.
To join, complete the form below. We’ll schedule a meeting to learn about your business and your staffing needs and then we’ll determine how we can help you.
Once you’re in our network, you can submit employment requests at any time. Post job descriptions and other qualifiers that can help us evaluate your needs, so we can find the most qualified candidates for you.
The top candidates will then be sent to you to interview and conduct your own evaluation before making a selection for the contract period.
See how your contract worker performs in your company setting and make the decision yourself at the end of the contract: hire them or release them. No worries. No hassle.
Home version 2 › Forums › Testing 101 › learn to retain ideal exercise routines by using these guidelines
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by careveloper 7 months, 1 week ago.
Committing really should not be deemed a hobby. It’s an incredibly very competitive business, which means you ought to address it as such. You need to know your own personal earnings and damage and also those businesses creating all those investments. Maintaining this at heart could make the thought procedure and strategy design for investing much easier.
When you have drainpipes within your house which have not been utilized for a long time of your time, pour 1 gallon of water via them to ensure they are practical. Furthermore, this will get the additional benefit of minimizing any scents from getting into your house from lack of use during the year.
Continue to keep a lively interpersonal circle. A lot of the elderly discover that they drift apart from relatives, as individuals family members create lives of their. You may drop good friends to disease, incapacity, and in many cases loss of life. Keep making new good friends and stay in touch with family members. You’ll be healthier and happier for this.

The Free Books Online service executes searching for the e-book "Recon Scout" to provide you with the opportunity to download it for free. Click the appropriate button to start searching the book to get it in the format you are interested in.
The New York Times Best Sellers: Fiction – November 11, 2018 ePUB, MOBI New York Times Best Seller list is widely considered the preeminent list of best-selling books in the…
The New York Times Best Sellers (Fiction) – October 28, 2018 ePUB The New York Times Best Seller list is widely considered the preeminent list of best-selling books in the…
The Reckoning by John Grisham ePUB John Grisham’s The Reckoning is the master storyteller’s most powerful, surprising, and accomplished novel yet “John Grisham is not only the master of suspense but also…
The New York Times Best Sellers (Fiction) October 7, 2018 ePUB The New York Times Best Seller list is widely considered the preeminent list of best-selling books in the United…
The New York Times Best Sellers: (Fiction) September 16, 2018 ePUB The New York Times Best Seller list is widely considered the preeminent list of best-selling books in the United…
Amazon: Best Books of the Month – August 2018 ePUB The best books of the month picked by amazon. 10 Books List: 01. Dopesick by Beth Macy 02. Meet Me…
Goodreads: Best Books of the Month (August 2018) ePUB List: 01. Whiskey When We’re Dry by John Larison 02. Meet Me at the Museum by Anne Youngson 03. Our House…
The New York Times Best Sellers (Fiction) August 12, 2018 ePUB The New York Times Best Seller list is widely considered the preeminent list of best-selling books in the United…
Goodreads: Best Books of the Month (July 2018) ePUB List: 01. The Last Time I Lied by Riley Sager The Final Girls author’s new thriller goes to summer camp where three girls…
Amazon: Best Books of the Month (July 2018) ePUB The best books of the month picked by amazon. List: 01. My Year of Rest and Relaxation by Ottessa Moshfegh 02.…

There are many reasons why Pet Parents and Veterinarian Hospitals have turned to our services exclusively. For one, we are the only cremation provider with a professional degree and background in death, dying, and loss. Because we are New York State Licensed Funeral Directors, you can trust that your pet will be treated with dignity and respect. Pets at Peace began in 2009, offering the same level of care and compassion that had been given to our human families since 1946. We are proud to say that we changed how pet cremation was being handled in the Rochester area, by being the first company to offer Private Cremation, Stainless Steel Tracking System & the return of your pets cremated remains with in 72 hours or less. (excluding Sundays & Holidays).
If your pet has died and you are considering pet cremation. Please know that we serve ALL Veterinarian Hospitals in Monroe County and surrounding areas. To better understand what makes Pets at Peace different, we have created this comparison chart. If you have any questions, please call us directly at 585-544-2041.
At Pets at Peace, our philosophy is simple, treat every pet with the same level of care and compassion that we have done since 1946 at the Harris Funeral Home. We promise to have your pets cremated remains available within 72 hours or less or our services are free.
"We called pets at peace, and it was like the second you walked in you just felt warmth and it was perfect... It just felt like we gave him the respect that he deserved that you'd give a human member of the family, because that's what he was like to us."
"Our cat Timmy was truely a part of our family... We weren't sure what to expect when we arrived and it was just a really nice, peaceful experience. We felt at peace - it was really good closure."
"It made a hard situation, a little easier... It was just a really nice, peaceful experience and it was beyond what we ever could have thought... The easiest choice we could have made was Pets At Peace."

Our comprehensive portfolio of devices, information management, and consulting services offers blood management solutions for each facet of the blood supply chain — from plasma and blood collectors to hospitals. We believe that through proper blood management, our portfolio of products and services helps to prevent a transfusion for the patient who doesn’t need one and provides the right blood product, at the right time, in the right dose to the right patient who does.
We began our odyssey of success in 1971 with devices and consumables, which changed the way blood was collected and processed at plasma and blood collection centers, as well as in the surgical suite. As industry needs have changed, we have evolved from a medical device company focused on blood processing systems to our current position as THE Global Leader in Blood Management Solutions. Today, as we enter our fifth decade, we believe that we are uniquely poised to transform the practice of blood management globally.
As a dynamic, growing, and international organization committed to transforming the practice of blood management globally, we are committed to keeping our shareholders and employees informed about what’s happening at our company. To access the latest news, read our press releases, or to learn more about upcoming trade shows and congresses, visit the links below.
We are committed to providing investors with the information they need to make informed investing decisions. In this section, you can access stock details, key financial data — such as quarterly results and SEC filings — tools to assemble your own investor kit, a list of our analysts, corporate governance information, and more. Get started by visiting the following links.
Our company is built on a foundation of talented individuals who have helped us become THE Global Leader in Blood Management Solutions. In keeping with our mission to be an employer of choice, we offer competitive salaries, world-class benefits, and a diverse and dynamic work environment. To learn more about becoming a part of the Haemonetics team, please follow the links below.


A Trump administration policy changes how the Bureau of Land Management conducts environmental review and public comment for oil and gas leases. [...]
The fate of Premier Brian Gallant's Liberal minority government appeared sealed Thursday when all three MLAs from the People's Alliance announced [...]
ITV Report 17 October 2018 at 2:43am Anti-fracking activists to challenge prison sentences at Court of AppealRich Loizou, who was been jailed [...]
NEW YORK — Potentially altering the election landscape in a key swing state, Florida voters Tuesday approved a ballot measure that will enable [...]
BROOMFIELD, Colo. — In the latest battle over fracking in Broomfield, residents of the northern Denver suburb have filed suit against their local [...]
Oil industry gets aggressive in fight over Colorado ballot measure to protect public from drilling – ThinkProgress
Notable Coloradans such as former star Denver Broncos quarterback John Elway and former U.S. Interior Secretary Gale Norton have appeared in [...]



“We can be Broadway big!” Director of musical comedy Oye Balle Balle makes a case | brunch | Hindustan Times
With India’s first musical comedy based on the big fat Indian wedding, director Viraf Sarkari plans to make theatre the parallel to cinematic entertainment in the country
Oye Balle Balle is a musical comedy with actors and singers inspired by the loud and colourful Indian weddings
A crew of actors that sing, a bunch of singers that act…and a show that travels. Sounds ideal? A musical comedy based on the big fat Indian wedding, Oye Balle Balle is a story about how one arranged marriage gets deranged and how, through that, multiple stories come out.
But to show the loud Punjabi wedding on a stage couldn’t have been easy. Director of the musical and one of the directors of Wizcraft International Entertainment, Viraf Sarkari, agrees. “It was very difficult to show multiple weddings on stage. In movies, you can edit and redo, unlike the stage. But we tried to make it as cinematic as possible, as fast-paced as possible,” he says.
The inspiration, of course, comes from attending weddings! “Indian weddings are a lot of fun, and the kind of characters that you meet at weddings. In fact, films that are made on the Indian wedding will always be box office favourites because the audience loves to watch loud and colourful, family-friendly stuff,” he says.
This is Viraf’s fourth musical, and the successful Zangoora was his first hand at theatre. What also inspired me, he continues, was when I went to Paris and saw Moulin Rouge. Then, I was in Vegas where I watched more shows. I realised that we have so much culture and history, and our cinema has such great storytelling. So why not create something of that and take it around the world? That’s how Zangoora came about,” he says.
Talking about millennials and the theatre crowd, Viraf thinks millennials are the ones who go for the spectacular musicals and shows. “They choose to go for these spectacular shows other than the hardcore theatre,” he says.
But does he think we can be Broadway big someday? “Totally! I think we have potential. We’ve had Mughal-e-Azam, Aladdin, Beauty And The Beast… I think we are on the right path. What we are creating out here is an alternative medium for entertainment. There are only two mediums of entertainment – cinema and eating out. So people are looking for other mediums, like they’re now switching to web series and online entertainment. This is exactly what we’re doing to live entertainment,” he signs off.
THE PROMISED LAND Marked by cleanliness and security, this sector is an epitome of class living in apartments with which Corbusier’s Chandigarh finally started seeing vertical growth
The first sector to be built in the third phase of Chandigarh’s development, it heralded a new way of life in a city that had so far mainly seen horizontal development. Sector 48 was vertical. It had no room for independent houses, for it favoured apartments. It turned its back on an insular neighbourhood, long reviled for being cold and unfriendly, and embraced community living.
In a sense, Sector 48 signified the end of Corbusier’s Chandigarh and the beginning of a Metro Age. Eager to make room for the ever-increasing population of the city, the sector is home to 23 societies with 2,433 apartments spread over three floors, including parking, on 263 acres.
But its foundation remained agrarian. It was built on land acquired from farmers in 1992-93, and the construction began in 1996-97. Punjab Municipal Act, 1976, extended to Chandigarh, suggests that the planning works should be carried out by the engineering department. But in case of Sector 48 and others in the third phase, it was done by both engineering department and Chandigarh Housing Board, with some services falling under the purview of the municipal corporation.
Joginder Singh, a historian who used to own land in Sector 48, says, “The area under the sector today used to be agricultural land, part of Burail village, which was called abavni as it was spread over 52,000 bigha.”
The part of Burail village on which Sector 48-A came up had mango groves besides a profusion of guava trees and Indian blackberry. Joginder Singh fondly remembers his tarboojiya, gachhelan, ghoda and sindooriya, all juicy varieties of mangoes, which were uprooted down after the land was acquired in 1992. “The tomatoes grown here were exceptionally delicious. We also grew other crops like wheat, maize, pulses and sugarcane,” he remembers.
A fresh-water rivulet flowed through the sector throughout the year and was a place where shepherds would relax after a tiring day of moving around with their cattle. Tube wells and wells dotted the area, a landscape of prosperity and abundance.
The first two societies to start building in the sector were Kendriya Vihar and Indian Express Society. The former remains arguably the biggest society in the city with 305 apartments. Baljit Balli, president of Indian Express Society’s residents welfare association, recalls, “When the construction began in 1996-97, the area was totally unused. The land was abandoned after its acquisition in 1992.”
Today it’s home to the educated elite of the city with rentals touching Rs 30,000 a month. Ask Surjan, the security guard at RCS & CPS Society, whether any famous people live here, and he says, “Every person living in the society is on top of his game.”
Son of the owner of Maggi departmental store, the oldest shop in the sector, Nitish Singla says, “The crowd in the sector isn’t young. You mostly see senior citizens going about their lives peacefully.”
Peace and security are the twin characteristics of the sector. All the societies have at least four security cameras working 24x7 and the police patrol is regular and vigilant. This is the safest sector in Chandigarh, claims Singla.
High on safety, the sector may fall a little short on shopping as it has just one market with 22 shops to cater to the daily needs of the people. With three ATMs, a salon, a stationary shop, two eating joints a few departmental stores and chemist shops, it certainly falls short of variety. But Sushil Dhara, a resident of AOT Complex and owner of a very temperamental dachshund, doesn’t feel the sector is lacking in this department. “Peace is the most important thing; you don’t get disturbed by honking. Parking isn’t an issue and we have all the facilities in adjoining sectors,” he says.
“Bestech Mall is just 4 km away, and Elante is another 5. I would personally not want commercial activities to strike the sector and keep enjoying the tranquility,” Dhara adds.
J J Singh, president of the RWA association, is immensely proud of their community centre. It boasts an e-sampark centre, which opened in 2014; a table-tennis hall, an air-conditioned conference room, a banquet hall and a gymnasium.
The residents can take membership of the community centre and enjoy weekend get-togethers and games like tambola, chess, carrom-board and others, he said.
Built at a cost of Rs7.5 crore, it has an underground parking for 100 cars and a concrete stage for holding celebrations and functions.
The sector planners haven’t compromised on greenery. It’s evident from the six well-manicured parks in the sector with walking and running tracks and slides for kids.
No wonder Meera Singh of Senior Citizen Society, calls these parks the USP of the sector. “We have parks next to every society. Some societies even have smaller parks for children.”
Two of the parks also have open-air gyms. Then, there is a playground next to the Banyan Tree School, where youngsters and adults alike spend weekends enjoying a game of cricket.
There is a lot in the pipeline for this young sector. The forthcoming projects include a hospital, an open-air theatre, a library and a gurudwara. The second open-air theatre of the city, the first being at Panjab University’s theatre department, is all set to be unveiled here. Being constructed alongside a green belt at a cost of Rs 4.5 crore, the amphitheatre will have a seating capacity of 1,000 once it is opened to public in three months.
Come September and the bibliophiles in the sector will get a library in the community centre with a stock of 2,000 books and WiFi facilities.
This idiom holds true for this sector whose land is shared by Mohali and Chandigarh. The gurdwara and temple in the sector, for instance, are in a part that falls in Punjab.
The Punjab part of the sector has a completely different flavour. Unlike an expanse of apartments with a uniform floor-plan and design, the Senior Citizen Society has independent HIG (high income group) houses, each different from the other in design and layout. But one feature that unites the two is the air of newness. The Shri Sanatana Dharma Mandir here is only four years old and the Gurudwara Hardarshan Sahib is still under construction.
Sector 48 brags the biggest motor market in Chandigarh with over 400 shops housed in an organised and authorised settlement. The market came into being thanks to a scheme launched by the UT administration in 1999 to rehabilitate the roadside mechanics. Harbhajan Singh, pradhan of the motor market, who joined the field of automobile parts and repair in 1973, recalls how the community of motor mechanics was spread all over the city. “They used to carry out their work on the roadside.” The market, he says, is the outcome of great struggle. “We staged a 45-day demonstration to demand a safe working area after which the scheme was launched,” he said.
Neeru Nanda, advisor to the administrator in 2001, set up the motor market and allotted booths to mechanics in the field. This initiative gave rise to five motor markets in all.
The second largest motor market is situated in Sector 38 (west) with over 300 workshops. Then, there is this market in Sector 43 with over 160 shops, followed by smaller markets in Sector 52 and 28.
The motor market here, which offers professional repair and customisation besides spare parts, caters to customers from all over the city and even Punjab.
Like the sector, the market doesn’t stay untouched from the streak of development. “Thinking about the workers who toil in harsh weather conditions like rain and heat, we requested the administration to legalise the sheds extended outside the workshop and this has been approved,” said the pradhan.
The market, however, struggles with lack of proper lighting and sewage system, making maintenance a tricky business. But unperturbed by the challenges, the pradhan is confident that the market will develop into one of the most well-maintained and modern affairs. Amen, we say.

These pins were sold at a Texas Republican Convention a week ago by an official convention vendor. We're not talking some dude in the parking lot - this one is official. Pretty nice eh?

ATC operates a premium door to door shuttle bus service between the tourist hub of the Gold Coast* and Brisbane CBD, 7 days a week.
ATC operates a premium door to door shuttle bus service between the tourist hub of the Gold Coast* and Brisbane Airport, 7 days a week.
DragonPro full uniform Gen3 combines durability and comfort. Sleeves and trousers made of fabric 65% polyester / 35% cotton ripstop finish and weight 220g / m2 or 240g weight twill finish and / m2 (by color). main body of the shirt fabric made of ultra light and elastic with moisture absorbing properties to keep the body dry and cool at all times. Includes special pockets on elbows and knees to insert the game ENP001 elbow and knee pads designed specifically for this even better protection against minor impacts (ENP001 sold separately)

In the below ICO list you'll find the top picks for upcoming ICOs - you'll be glad to be whitelisted on these.
CoVEX is a platform that intends to democratize trading and improve the overall user experience of trading platforms by transforming the foundation of crypto markets.

Hi my wonderful babes. As you’ve noticed, my blog has been empty for 2 days straight. I’ve been in such a wierd state of mind these past three days and it’s been hard for me to cope with all the emotions that I’ve been having. I wrote here a few days ago that my grandma wasn’t feeling well. And three days ago, she passed away.
I’ve been on work in Ibiza for a couple of days and also when I got the news from my mom. This put me in such a wierd place. I was there to do a good job, but was at the same time greafing for the loss of our family. I’ve tried to stay professional and to complete what I came to Ibiza to do but my brain and heart has been somewhere else. Like I said: just a complex and wierd situation for me. My blog and social media has been the last thing on my mind as you might understand. Anyway .. trying to stay strong in a moment when you just want to cry and hug your family is awful. I’ve been going through so many feelings these days acting like everyhting is fine.
I got home last night and just burst into tears as soon as I closed the door behind me. It was like all my feelings just got out there when I got back to my safe ground. Filippa came over and stayed the night with me and managed to make me laugh a couple of times, just like she always does. I love you, my dear friend. André are on his way home today and he has promised to hug me for hours.
Reagrding my great grandma – She was very old. She had the best life and wasn’t in any pain. our family stayed by her side until the very end and she knew that she was loved. Knowing that makes me happy in times of sorrow. But even tho she was old and knowing that she is finally reunited with her love has made me so upset and I’m in such greif. We stood very close and she has always been in my life. I just want her to know that she was beautiful in all kind of ways and that I wish her to rest in peace ♥ Grandma Ingrid, I love you now and forever.

Hopefully you already know the dangers of a pair of dangly earrings, but there’s more to the list of things we just can’t wear once kids come into the picture. Here are the clothes and accessories you should avoid if you have babies or young kids in the house.
Tanya Sharma is a seasoned Washington, DC-based journalist who covers fashion, beauty and lifestyle for theFashionSpot. Her work also appears in a number of other style publications, and she is an entertainment industry vet with extensive film and music experience.
Arkansas coach Bret Bielema walks the sidelines as the Razorbacks play Missouri during the first half of an NCAA college football game Friday, Nov. 24, 2017 in Fayetteville, Ark. (AP Photo/Michael Woods)
Bielema, who was fired as Arkansas’ coach after the Razorbacks’ season-ending loss to Missouri, will receive a shade under $12 million from the school’s Razorback Foundation as part of his buyout agreement with the school.
The foundation announced the terms of the buyout on Tuesday. Bielema will be paid in monthly installments of $320,833.33 per month through December 2020. For not coaching.
If Bielema finds another coaching job over the next three years, his buyout can be reduced by the amount of his future salary. But for the sake of this comparison exercise, we’re going to assume that he doesn’t. Here’s how his buyout stacks up to some other economic statistics.
• Bielema will be paid approximately $3.85 million in each of 2018, 2019 and 2020. Based on USA Today’s coaching salary database, only 20 coaches in college football made more than that in 2017.
• Bielema’s monthly buyout payment of approximately $321,000 puts him in the 99.1 percentile of Americans’ yearly income. Yes, Bielema is in the one percent in just one monthly buyout check.
• His buyout averages out to a daily salary of $10,548 per day. The American median household income in 2017 was approximately $60,000. Bielema surpasses the median in six days.
• According to the United States Census, approximately 10 percent of U.S. families lived in poverty in 2016. The poverty line for a family of four was $24,563. At $439.50 per hour, Bielema’s buyout exceeds the poverty line in 56 hours.
Nick Bromberg is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at nickbromberg@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
The online retail giant announced Thursday it had narrowed all 238 applications for HQ2 to a list of 20 finalists. Toronto is the only Canadian city that's still being considered.
Windsor's offer included a $106-million incentive package, a prime downtown location in the Paul Martin Building and the possibility of a cross-border ferry or gondola if Amazon placed 5,000 employees in the city.
Mayor Drew Dilkens said officials on both sides of the border were hoping to make the short list so the news was a "little disappointing" but added applying was still a worthwhile experience.
"I don't think anybody is wallowing in sorrow today ... we all understand the business case was strong, the proposal was strong and we want to go back out there and do something great for our communities."
He described the bid document as strong, but pointed to regional transit as a possible weakness in both Windsor and Detroit that may have turned Amazon off.
Dilkens added Toronto's massive metropolitan area might be behind the fact they're the lone Canadian contender still in the running.
"They have lots of talent in the city of Toronto," he explained. "On that front they certainly have a good head start."
Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan issued a statement thanking Dilkens and saying Detroit was proud of the bid, which "showed a clear vision for the future of our city and brought out the very best of our city and our region."
"Michigan's spirit is unstoppable, and so is our comeback. This won't set us back - we're accelerating to the next opportunity. We know it's out there."
That comeback is part of a push that will propel Windsor and Detroit, according to Dilkens, who said one spinoff benefit of the bid process is a stronger relationship with officials on the other side of the border.
"We see the rebound and the growth in the city of Detroit, we feel the energy here in the City of Windsor and we know we have a great business case to make between our two jurisdictions," he said.
In a statement from Amazon, spokesperson Holly Sullivan said it was tough to whittle down all of the applications to the list of finalists.
"Through this process we learned about many new communities across North America that we will consider as locations for future infrastructure investment and job creation," she added.
"All the work that went into putting that bid together is not lost. I think you can literally take that same document, make some tweaks when we find out where our areas of weakness are ... then go back out and go after other tech companies with the same vigour and passion that we did with Amazon."
Jeremy Yates is a Physical Education teacher at Huron Park Secondary School located in Woodstock, Ontario. When comparing Jeremy Yates' ratings to other teachers in the province of Ontario, Jeremy Yates' ratings are above the average of 4.36 stars. Additionally, the average teacher rating at Huron Park Secondary School is 4.32 stars.
yates is amazing. i loved him as a teacher because he wanted us all just to work our hardest and do our best. he was always there to encourage. way to go yates!
Huron Park Secondary School is located in Woodstock, Ontario with an average teacher rating of 4.32 stars. When comparing Huron Park Secondary School's teachers to other teachers in the province of Ontario, Huron Park Secondary School's teachers are below the average of 4.36 stars. Huron Park Secondary School ranks 595 amongst all High Schools in the province of Ontario. Learn More
L Slobodian is a Science teacher at Dunnville Secondary School located in Dunnville, Ontario. When comparing L Slobodian's ratings to other teachers in the province of Ontario, L Slobodian's ratings are above the average of 4.36 stars. Additionally, the average teacher rating at Dunnville Secondary School is 4.48 stars.
Dunnville Secondary School is located in Dunnville, Ontario with an average teacher rating of 4.48 stars. When comparing Dunnville Secondary School's teachers to other teachers in the province of Ontario, Dunnville Secondary School's teachers are above the average of 4.36 stars. Dunnville Secondary School ranks 744 amongst all High Schools in the province of Ontario. Learn More
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Yulia endured three years of almost daily rapes and beatings before she fled her husband with her four children, living for the next year in constant fear he would find them.
“I couldn’t live in my flat, even though I owned it,” the Moscow hairdresser said, too scared to give her full name.
“For a year I rented, but then we ran out of money,” she told Reuters at Moscow’s only public shelter for battered women, Nadezhda (“Hope”).
Fundamentally conservative and guided by the doctrines of a resurgent Orthodox Church, Russia has no legal protections for women like Yulia, believing that family disputes - even violent ones - should be resolved in the home, behind closed doors.
A new draft law would change that by making clear domestic violence is illegal and laying out the rights of victims in Russian law for the first time. Powerful sponsors include parliamentary deputies from United Russia, the party loyal to President Vladimir Putin that dominates the parliament.
But with Putin aiming to shore up support from conservative voters and the church - his political power base - in the face of popular protests, the draft’s fate is uncertain.
“This is a cultural problem, a centuries-old mentality in which the man is the head of the family and others obey him or get punished,” said Natalia Pazdnikova, a co-author of the draft law and director of Nadezhda. “Russian women are very patient and enduring, ready to suffer for their children and families.”
The draft law would introduce the power to issue restraining orders, a common procedure in the West, and give law enforcement officials more training in dealing with abuse. It would also allow police to compel offenders to undergo counseling, require them to report to police up to four times a month, and provide victims with temporary accommodation.
Women’s rights activists say that as the situation is now, police, prosecutors and judges in Russia too often advise women seeking help to go home and make peace with their husbands, opening the women up to more physical violence as well as threats and emotional blackmail to drop their complaints.
Two similar draft laws were watered down and then dropped after the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991. Supporters are determined that won’t happen this time and hopeful that the law could pass as soon as the end of the year.
Initial signs are not encouraging, however: committees in the lower house have been looking at the draft but there is no date fixed or even estimated for a plenary gathering to start moving forward.
The scale of domestic violence in Russia, a country of about 143 million, is not known because of the lack of official data, another problem the draft law hopes to address.
The World Health Organisation estimates a third of the world’s women who have been in a relationship experience physical and/or sexual violence by an intimate partner.
Marina Pisklakova-Parker, a recognized expert on the subject as head of ANNA, which pioneered campaigns against domestic violence in Russia in the 1990s, says she believes the figure for Russia is close to that.
Various estimates have put the number of Russian women killed by their husband, partner or a close relative at between 10,000 and 14,000 every year. That would amount to up to a fourth of all murders and violent crimes in Russia, but Reuters was not able to confirm this figure or get more specific data from the Russian police or federal statistics office despite repeated requests.
Police statistics do show some 40 percent of all violent crimes in Russia are committed within families. Yet only 3 percent of domestic violence cases in Russia end in a court sentence, women’s rights activists say, basing their estimate on anecdotal experience.
Since domestic violence is not cited in criminal statutes, the onus is on victims to provide evidence for prosecution under statutes covering other crimes, such as assault and battery.
“But domestic violence has its own specifics that go beyond these crimes. It’s a particular type of violence since the victim goes on living with her assailant under one roof,” said Irina Sokolova, a United Russia lawmaker sponsoring the draft.
“That leads to an intensifying spiral of crime with tens, hundreds of thousands of women falling victim to domestic violence year by year,” she said.
Putin has not made clear where he stands on the issue. He is widely condemned abroad for introducing more conservative policies on social issues since his return to the Kremlin in 2012, including a law banning gay “propaganda”. Criticism at home is more muted.
At a meeting with his core support group, the People’s Front, in March, he called for more protection of children at home but made no mention of violence against women.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said the Kremlin was not familiar with the draft law and did not know how it would differentiate between violence at home and elsewhere.
ANNA’s deputy head Andrei Sinelnikov said women’s rights have moved down the political agenda since Putin first rose to power in 2000 and focused more on issues such as living standards and economic growth.
“Even if senior state officials talk women rights, they talk kindergartens and other matters that relate only to a very traditional woman’s social role,” he said.
The support of the church, which Putin has portrayed as the guardian of national values, is far from certain. Some three quarters of Russians consider themselves Russian Orthodox.
“The problem indeed exists. Women come to priests very often to complain about domestic violence,” said Vsevolod Chaplin, head of the church’s department for ties with society.
“Some support the law but there are critical voices too that it diverts attention from problems such as alcoholism, narcotics, aggressive mass culture or financial problems.”
Chaplin worried the bill would give law enforcement officials excessive powers to interfere in domestic matters.
“Sometimes there is no other way than to flee but... it’s better to try help these people who are already bound together and would suffer even more if they are separated.”
Yulia was lucky to find protection at Nadezhda, which has just 30 beds for a city of nearly 12 million.
The pastel-colored, two-storey building welcomes visitors with a fountain whose gently falling water is meant to soothe nerves. The shelter’s psychologists run therapy classes to help the women overcome their fear.
“I was under so much stress, terrified, it’s hard to express,” said Amina, 57, who spent four years moving from one home to another with her five-year-old grandson, Islam, who has not spoken since his mother was killed in a family conflict.
“Our practice shows such a law is really needed. It would finally send a clear signal to everybody that domestic violence is not allowed and that there is a clearly defined punishment for it,” she said.
Board a longtail boat for a journey along the Chao Phraya River (River of Kings) and explore the canals of Bangkok. Your half-day tour includes cultural highlights of the Thai capital such as the majestic Grand Palace where you can view the Emerald Buddha at Wat Phra Kaew. You’ll also visit Wat Pho, a temple that houses the Reclining Buddha. Numbers are limited to 12 for a small-group experience.
After meeting your guide you’ll board a local bus to the Grand Palace, which formerly served as the official residence of the King of Siam. Follow your guide on foot through the complex, built in 1782, and stand in awe before the revered Emerald Buddha — Thailand’s holiest religious statue carved from jade — housed in Wat Phra Kaew.
Continue on with a walk to Wat Pho for a guided tour of this impressive temple complex. Home to the Reclining Buddha, the largest reclining Buddha image in Bangkok, Wat Pho was the country’s first public university and still functions as a center of learning for traditional Thai massage and medicines.
Next up is a longtail boat for a trip down the Chao Phraya River, translated as the River of Kings. Explore the khlongs (canals) of Bangkok and get a glimpse into the past as you learn about what was once a vast network providing transport throughout the city once known as the 'Venice of the East.’
After the boat journey, your half-day tour concludes at the pier. From here, you can continue exploring on your own or your guide will assist you in getting a taxi back to your hotel.
Pam was a great guide and had much knowledge plus very friendly. This is a great way to see the Grand Palace as well as the river and canals.
This tour covers a lot of ground and is very tiring due to the heat and the crowds. Make sure that you take plenty of water. Our guide was very informative. Make sure that you allow plenty of time to get to the meeting point because of the Bangkok traffic.
This tour was so incredible! There were only 3 of us on the tour it was so delightful. This was our first day in Bangkok and it felt like we had a personal tour guide telling us everything we needed to know. The knowledge of the temples were exceptional and overall just a wonderful experience.

Since nudibranchs come in such a huge variety of colors and shapes, they are a favorite subject of underwater macro photographers. It also helps that they are often sitting still, or at least moving slowly, so they can be relatively easy to photograph. But despite their bright colors they can be hard to find if you don’t know what to look for. This is where local knowledge is a huge help.
At home in southeast Florida, I have this local knowledge. I know what species are likely to be found, and that certain species can be found on hydroids, others in rubble, and still others on sponges. Some are out during the day, and others only come out at night. I have done hundreds of dives in the same area and know what to look for and where, which really helps my success rate at finding them.
Above is a Plocamopherus lucayensis from southeast Florida. It only comes out at night, and is generally found on this purplish bryozoan which is its food source.
This is a Lomanotus vermiformis which is seasonal, generally found in the daytime during the summer. It is found on its food source, the feathery hydroid Lytocarpus philippinus.
When I am traveling to a new location I find that the best way to find nudibranchs is to use a local guide. They know what species are in the area, how big they are, and where they can be found. If you tell your guide that you are interested in seeing and photographing all the nudibranchs he or she can find, you will soon learn the underwater sign for nudibranchs and should have productive dives.
This Miamira alleni is quite rare. It had been seen in the same area for a couple of weeks, but I never would have seen it if the guide hadn’t found it on prior dives and knew roughly where it was located.
I probably wouldn’t have seen this well-camouflaged Melibe engeli if the eagle-eyed guide hadn’t pointed it out.
If you are going to be on your own in a new location, first do some research on the Internet to see what nudibranchs have been seen in that area. This will give you an “imprint” image of what to look for and it will make spotting them easier. Check out the liveaboard/resort’s web site or Facebook page to determine what they have been finding recently. Then study the substrate the nudibranch is on (assuming it hasn’t been moved for the image). Or send them an email and ask! Two other good sources are the Facebook groups Nudibranch Central and Nudibase – Sharing Nudibranch Knowledge. Currently the two best reference books are Indo-Pacific Nudibranchs and Sea Slugs, which is out of print but an updated version is due out this fall, and Caribbean Sea Slugs. This research is a good idea even if you have a local guide; when he shows you a nudibranch, you will recognize what it is and have a better idea how to approach and photograph it. You will even know where the head is, which can be a challenge with some of them! (When photographing nudibranchs, you generally want the rhinophores in focus – those things that look like horns on the top of their head. The “feathery” things are the gills and focusing on them usually results in a butt shot!)
The rhinophores of this Phyllodesmium briareum are very similar in color and shape to its cerata so it is important to look closely and find the rhinophores before taking a shot. (The head is in the lower right corner of the image.)
Then do some additional research to try and find out what the local ones eat – nudibranchs are usually on or near their food source. This will give you an idea of where to look for specific ones. Once you find a species and want to learn more about it, a good resource is the Sea Slug Forum. It is no longer being maintained, but Dr. Bill Rudman spent a lot of time documenting a huge number of species, where they can be found, what they eat, and in many cases, what their eggs look like. The General topics section also contains a lot of interesting information about sea slugs.
Arminas feed on sea pens. Since the sea pens come out of the sand at night, whenever I do a night dive and see sea pens I start looking for Arminas. This one has its mantle folded back and you can see the gills between the mantle and the foot.
Favorinus feed on the eggs of other opisthobranchs, notably the eggs of the Spanish dancer, Hexabranchus sanguineus. This image shows two species of Favorinus feeding on the eggs of an unknown sea slug. Whenever I see a string of eggs, I stop and check for the presence of Favorinus.
You will note that I have used the term “nudibranch” throughout this article. Technically I should use the term “Sea Slugs” which covers numerous orders within the taxonomic group Opisthobranchia, one of which is nudibranchs, but also includes sap-sucking and solar-powered slugs, headshield slug, sidegill slugs, etc. But it has become common practice to use the term nudibranch to cover all of these.
My final message is “please do not move them or collect them for an aquarium”. They are usually on or near their food source, and if you move them they have to find it again. You may move them onto something that will make a pretty negative space, but it may attack the nudibranch. For example, some hard corals will attack a nudibranch placed on it. Or you may put them on something that the nudibranch would normally not crawl onto and therefore it is pretty obvious to those in the know that the subject has been moved. No photo is worth stressing or injuring the subject! And if you collect them for an aquarium, the chances are you won’t have their food; they are all very specialized feeders and they will likely die a slow death from starvation. I have even heard that “the nudibranch must be doing fine because it is laying eggs.” That is often a final effort by the nudibranch to propagate before dying.
Linda Ianniello has been diving and doing underwater photography for almost 30 years, progressing from a Nikonos V to her current Nikon D300S in a Nauticam housing. Her favorite type of photography is macro, where half the challenge is finding the small, unusual subjects. She especially likes to find and photograph nudibranchs and finds their variety of shapes, colors, and habitats fascinating. She travels frequently to Indonesia and the Philippines, which are both excellent for critter-hunting. lindaiphotography.com


Tools Electric Motor that. Cohen Ltd. in South Tools in Rehovot The crane 1 Rehovot, Areas of Practice Saws, Mechanical tools, Tools for carpenters, Plumbers equipment, POLISHERS and more. Specializing in gardening tools and Tools sequences. You can get advice with regard to Barghouti or Washing Machines, Electric Motor that. Cohen Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Electrician tools Construction Tools and Automatic equipment.. כלי עבודה Electric Motor that. Cohen Ltd.
Tools in Tools in male , Areas of Practice , , , , and more. Specializing in and . You can get advice with regard to or , Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields and .. כלי עבודה
Tools LK logo Ltd. in South Tools in Ramla Resurrection 10 Ramla, Areas of Practice gardening tools, Staple gun, Hydraulic Tools, Plumbers equipment, Generators and more. Specializing in Tools for carpenters and Work shoes. You can get advice with regard to Tools sequences or Welding tools, LK logo Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields power tools Painting Equipment and POLISHERS.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Uzi Hezi Building Materials Center Ltd. in Sharon Tools in Kfar Saba Through leading 5 Kfar Saba, Areas of Practice Work shoes, Plumbers equipment, Grinders, Technical Equipment, power tools and more. Specializing in Toolboxes and Technical Equipment. You can get advice with regard to Tools sequences or Electrician tools, Uzi Hezi Building Materials Center Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Drills Tools sequences and Ftisonim.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Big Tools Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Bnei Brak 24 Hayarkon Bnei Brak, Areas of Practice Drills, Mechanical tools, Protection and safety, Generators, Washing Machines and more. Specializing in power tools and Drills. You can get advice with regard to Staple gun or Tools for concrete work, Big Tools Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Tools and soldering equipment Toolboxes and Tools for agriculture.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Share Tools Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Holon Stonemason 10 Holon, Areas of Practice Drills, Grinders, Work shoes, Generators, Toolboxes and more. Specializing in Tools for concrete work and Tools for carpenters. You can get advice with regard to power tools or Plumbers equipment, Share Tools Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Electrician tools Earth-moving equipment and Tools for carpenters.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Lego Frotcnikh Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Tel Aviv-Jaffa Sadeh 25 Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Areas of Practice Barghouti, Technical Equipment, Work shoes, POLISHERS, Saws and more. Specializing in Electrician tools and Technical Equipment. You can get advice with regard to Earth-moving equipment or Painting Equipment, Lego Frotcnikh Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields gardening tools Staple gun and Tools for concrete work.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Anchor in Central Israel Tools in Ramat Gan Jabotinsky 115 Ramat Gan, Areas of Practice Tools for carpenters, Drills, Technical Equipment, Barghouti, Generators and more. Specializing in Technical Equipment and Staple gun. You can get advice with regard to Generators or power tools, Anchor Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Construction Tools Mechanical tools and Toolboxes.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Gutman company - Brazil (1983) Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Holon Excavator 36 Holon, Areas of Practice Barghouti, Work shoes, Staple gun, Painting Equipment, Tools for carpenters and more. Specializing in Technical Equipment and POLISHERS. You can get advice with regard to Work clothes or Washing Machines, Gutman company - Brazil (1983) Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Work clothes Protection and safety and Washing Machines.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Bar-Gal Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Tel Aviv-Jaffa Menachem Begin 8 Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Areas of Practice Ftisonim, Saws, Tools for carpenters, Tools and soldering equipment, Painting Equipment and more. Specializing in tools set and Electrician tools. You can get advice with regard to Barghouti or Staple gun, Bar-Gal Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Tools sequences Saws and Staple gun.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools BS technique in Sharon Tools in Herzliya 15 locket Herzliya, Areas of Practice Washing Machines, Generators, Tools and soldering equipment, power tools, Staple gun and more. Specializing in Work clothes and Work shoes. You can get advice with regard to Plumbers equipment or Generators, BS technique Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Staple gun Technical Equipment and POLISHERS.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools "Gad" production and marketing machines for processing wood and metal Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Tel Aviv-Jaffa Herzl 85 Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Areas of Practice Washing Machines, Barghouti, Scales, Staple gun, Plumbers equipment and more. Specializing in Ftisonim and Work clothes. You can get advice with regard to Construction Tools or Electrician tools, "Gad" production and marketing machines for processing wood and metal Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Grinders Toolboxes and Plumbers equipment.. For further details enter to my card.
Tools Isaac Carasso & Sons, Ltd. in Central Israel Tools in Tel Aviv-Jaffa IL Burst 32 Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Areas of Practice Tools and soldering equipment, POLISHERS, Mechanical tools, Work shoes, Ftisonim and more. Specializing in Tools sequences and Saws. You can get advice with regard to Tools for agriculture or Electrician tools, Isaac Carasso & Sons, Ltd. Tools with extensive knowledge and experience in fields Protection and safety Tools for concrete work and Work clothes.. For further details enter to my card.


